THIS BAR IS A SAFE SPACE FOR EVERYONE!
In 2013, Wilson had the information on how to build the gun removed from public access at the request of the United States Department of Defense Trade Controls.
And the only people who could have promised that kind of insurance are the security and intelligence services – presumably of Britain, the United States and / or Ecuador.
On Sunday, Giuliani told CBS’ “Face the Nation”: “Obstruction by tweet is not something I think works real well.
Rumble has, and always will be, a bar that is as inclusive as any establishment could possibly be.
A Muslima in the U.S. promoted the Islamic State by quoting the Qur’an.
“Are you going to share any more info with them?
He said he only wanted service mementos, but federal prosecutors argued he was a disgruntled sailor who had put national security at risk by taking photos showing the submarine’s propulsion system and reactor compartment and then obstructed justice by destroying a laptop and camera.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
I am not saying he is an abuser.
Equally, the Guardian has made clear who its true heroes are.
Cruz recounted how he and other victims had been dismissed or slandered by local Church hierarchy for numerous attempts to be heard.
No, he will not be confirmed.
It would be untrue to state that I had never heard any allegations about Cardinal McCarrick.
And his chains fell off from his hands.
On the surface, the latest illegal immigration debate between Leftists and the Administration looks like, yet another issue Progressives are trying to undermine progress being done by the president.
Many of you followed these stories when the mainstream wouldn't cover them.
Saucier told Fox News he was scapegoated by Obama officials who found themselves under fire for not aggressively responding to Clinton’s handling of classified information through her private email servers.
Sign up for more newsletters here
Clearly, Ford has been outed as a radical political activist who promotes baby murder and other unlawful actions.
I heard lots of gut-wrenching stories in my two-and-a-half years there, but none of them involved Archbishop McCarrick.
But O’Gorman added: “(The pope) begs for forgiveness, but still does not admit or own the deliberate policy of cover up designed & implemented by the #Vatican.”
Who has been exposed to blackmail and God knows what else?
She was there as a presenter at the Middle East Institute after a speech by Hanan Ashrawi.
President Donald Trump has called Powell about the job twice, first on Sunday -- before current United Nations Ambassador Nikki Haley announced her resignation -- and again on Wednesday, the people said.
Consider Keith Ellison to be a flea-infested political con man.
As David reported, he’s ready to fund, advise recruit talent, etc.
But Jesus was never politically correct, he was politically just!”
Later Webb was hounded by fellow journalists and, unable to find work, he eventually committed suicide.
are available from Amazon.com.
It all started in the fall of 2016 when diplomats at the United States Embassy in Cuba reported some hearing loss and mild brain damage after hearing unusual and puzzling sounds.
Prosecutors sloughed off the defense, saying it was essentially “grasping at highly imaginative and speculative straws in trying to further draw a comparison to the matter of Secretary Hillary Clinton based upon virtually no understanding and knowledge of the facts involved, the information at issue, not to mention any issues if intent and knowledge.”
As long as Dwight and Steven Hammond remain in jail for what is obviously a gross miscarriage of justice, this matter remains a blight on the federal regulatory agencies and the criminal justice system.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
For decades, America’s elites failed to see that the transnational moment of the post-Cold War era was passing and an era of rising nationalism and tribalism was at hand.
Dr Nafees Ahmad, Senior Assistant Professor, Faculty of Legal Studies, South Asian University, New Delhi
That isn’t too surprising, as drug gangs are the source of both illegal drugs and guns.
“Homosexuality in the clergy exists and is a matter that must be addressed,” Faggioli fleetingly acknowledges toward the end of his piece, “but the abuse crisis cannot be resolved by making homosexuals within the Church the scapegoat of a scandal that has ancient roots, well before Vatican Council II.” And how does the Church “address” a massive infestation by homosexual priests and prelates without removing them from authority and ensuring that they cannot promote homosexual successors for generation after generation?
However, since January 2010, the Bureau of Labor Statistics [BLS] has begun to publish figures for foreign-born and native-born employment.
Instead of sharing the letter with the committee, Feinstein did nothing.
View the other investigative reports in this series:
This was unjust.
Speaking to Catholic News Agency, Monsignor Jean-François Lantheaume, who served as first Counsellor of the Nunciature in Washington, confirmed that “Viganò said the truth.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
“Every step of the way the Democratic side refused to participate in what should have been a bipartisan investigation,” Grassley said.
Cardinal Pietro Parolin, the current Secretary of State, was also complicit in covering up the misdeeds of McCarrick who had, after the election of Pope Francis, boasted openly of his travels and missions to various continents.
They were, in fact, turning the world right side up (Acts 17:6).
He’s sounding like the men who hid that abuse from the world, who taught their victims to blame themselves, who used spiritual pressure to persuade them and their families that it would actually be wrong, sinful, to defend themselves.
Three thousand “natural family” advocates who attended the four-day conference heard Orbán in his opening address lambaste the European Union (EU) for its “relativizing liberal ideology that’s an insult to families.”
Accept true repentance?
He announced the decision after controversy over his own undisclosed contacts, both during the campaign and the post-election transition, with the Russian ambassador at the time, Sergey Kislyak.
0.67% Unemployed 5,547 4,919 -628 -11.32% Unemployment rate (%) 4.2 3.7 -0.5 pts.
As St. Paul declared, “Death is swallowed up in victory.
Was he violating God’s principles of submission when he refused to surrender himself to Saul’s troops?
Photo: Elections staff load ballots into machine as recounting begins at the Broward County Supervisor of Elections Office on Nov. 11, 2018, in Lauderhill, Florida
She went on to write that she thinks the incorrect date was used because whoever sent the cure affidavit mixed up the deadline for cure affidavits with the deadline for provisional ballots.
Rep. Danny Davis, after defending Farrakhan, now has a statement condemning him.
Many of us have remained close friends with him and his family over the years.
“I have talked to maybe 100 people today,” he said on Saturday, “and maybe 70 percent had credible cases on the surface.” Yet many lack the documents they need to provide evidence.
But he sounds like one.”
Khashoggi, a prominent critic of the autocratic Saudi leadership, was last seen entering the Saudi Consulate in Istanbul, Turkey, on Oct. 2, where he was seeking papers to marry his fiancée.
number of convents: 11 Number of nuns: 120
This is a charge most serious, perhaps without precedent in modern times.
He isn’t on anyone’s mind.
Ms. Ford : Brett Kavanaugh, Mark Judge, two other boys and another girl.
Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
ISIS quoted the Qur’an extensively in threats to blow up the White House and conquer Rome and Spain; in explaining its priorities in the nations it is targeting in jihad; in preaching to Christians after collecting the jizya (a Qur’an-based tax, cf.
This massive Democrat voter fraud could be the end of our free republic.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Kobili isn't crazy.
There is no current vaccine to prevent Ebola or licensed treatment for it, although a range of experimental drugs are in development.
Ragan most likely means that investigators didn’t find an ISIS membership card in Kazi’s wallet, or lots of phone calls to Iraq or Syria, or a note from Kazi reading, “I did this for Allah and Islam.
Key is the development of a single record for a voter that aggregates all that is known about them.
Top Florida County Election Official Illegally Let People Vote Over Fax & Email
Imran is in court July 3 for a possible plea deal in the bank fraud case.
Make the documents public and let the chips fall where they may.
National Data | May Jobs: Displacement Stalls, Americans Take All New Jobs—But For How Long?
The report shows average ages of nuns between 65 and 80, “infirmary Carmels,” nuns in state nursing homes, entire communities living in care facilities and half the Carmels with no one in formation.
He’s also never criticized the incredibly repressive leaders of Saudi Arabia.
I just think a conversation about politics is more productive for the entire whole rather than taking my hat and yelling subjective words to me,” he told the local NBC affiliate.
That black-hearted Presbyterian bigot arguably gave the world Hitler and World War II, so he is definitely in the Final Four.
He will remain a pariah even among the so-called “good” bishops who live in terror of the immense power of the cabal… (see above re: McCarrick & President Bush/John Paul II.)
On Sunday June 23, before the concelebration with the Pope, I asked Monsignor Ricca, who as the person in charge of the house helped us put on the vestments, if he could ask the Pope if he could receive me sometime in the following week.
But the story is breaking through the embargo.
They were praised for “how deeply sourced their investigations were.” Their investigations turned up not a shred of real evidence to suggest any serious Russian intervention in the 2016 election.
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
It isn’t remotely accurate, but it feels good, and for the Catholic and Leftist establishment today, that seems to be all that matters.
Now, why is that?
With MAGA hat in hand, the man walks away saying “Bitch ass motherf**ker.”
That shows you the difference in the double standard that existed back then and still does today.” Ms. Broaddrick has also lashed out at Sen. Dick Durbin, Illinois Democrat, who voted not guilty on the Clinton impeachment, as did Ms. Feinstein and Sen. Patty Murray, Washington Democrat.
After Washington overthrew the rulers of Iraq and Libya, it became painfully apparent that small nations without nuclear weapons were vulnerable to US ‘regime change’ operations.
More than 100 Russian individuals and companies have been sanctioned for a variety of reasons.
President Trump has effectively suspended the granting of asylum to migrants who cross illegally.
Branch contradicted Penkoski, claiming: “The teacher has told her class several times that this is a study of world religions and that she is not trying to advocate for any religion over another.
Ms. Feinstein was elected in 1992, making her one of the few remaining senators who served during independent counsel Kenneth Starr’s investigation into Mr. Clinton’s affair with White House intern Monica Lewinsky.
We have seen this just recently, when Mountain Ridge Middle School in Gerrardstown, West Virginia instructed students to copy out the Islamic profession of faith (shahada), ostensibly as a calligraphy exercise.
-21.05% Not in labor force 14,075 14,809 734 5.21% Native born, 16 years and older Civilian population 213,377 214,722 1,345 0.63% Civilian labor force 132,664 133,842 1,178 0.89% Participation rate (%) 62.2 62.3 0.1 pts.
Perhaps that’s why the 2016 election loss was so devastating to the Democrats.
And beholding the man which was healed standing with them, they could say nothing against it.
Then, they will be in a position to ask for aid, but only then.
That was then.
He added that he would be more "comfortable" with an FBI investigation.
The court’s move came just as Daigle was helping Saucier prepare to file the lawsuit, prompting the navy sailor to accuse New York officials of trying to hinder his court fight against Obama, Comey, and others.
“I talked to him about it to make sure he was on the same page as we are,” Giuliani said, and the president indicated he was not ordering Sessions to act.
@WHO‘s latest update says there are 2 probable cases at Wangata, which is adjacent to the provincial capital, Mbandaka.
This will be a final victory over the enemies within and their apologists, such as Faggioli, who, in typical neo-Catholic style, imperiously scoffs at the notion of “a young clergy marked by personal sanctity but also by a fascination for a mythical Middle Ages” and busies himself defending an unsalvageable mass of corruption he dares to describe as “a Church-world relationship based on a principle of reality.”
Travis Air Force Base terrorist identified as Muslim Hafiz Kazi
Worse still, Penkoski is now being threatened by students who attend the school with his daughter.
“If he expresses an apology, it needs to be more than ‘we’re sorry,’” he added.
Steve Skojec told me that our willingness to go along with the whole “emeritus pope” charade was an error: “I think the problem is that we all went along with their game of make believe, and we shouldn’t have.” In fact, I am starting to think that the willingness of most Catholics to go along with the entire charade of post-conciliar Catholicism has been a grave error.
As is explained in the article:
The immigrant labor force (employed plus looking for work) rose by 608,000, or 2.23%; the native-born labor force grew by 1.178 million, up by 0.9%.
Because of the tireless efforts of these professional officers, there are fewer criminals in our communities.”
Brazilian arms dealer arrested in the United States
©2018 CQ-Roll Call, Inc., All Rights Reserved, Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.
6 – There are crossover connections between employees paid by Powell’s 10,000 Women and the Clintons.
“His testimony was powerful, honest, and riveting.
The silence is Julian Assange.
Isn't it time to subscribe to the 'paper of record' for the traditional Catholic counterrevolution?
The Act makes it easier for persecuted minorities from India's neighbours - Pakistan, Bangladesh and Afghanistan - to become citizens of India as it entitles Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis, and Christians facing religious persecution in these three nations, to seek Indian citizenship. The Act says the refugees of these six communities will be given Indian citizenship if they entered India on or before December 31, 2014, after residing in India for five years, vide Amendment 2 of the Citizenship Act, 1955. Who benefits from CAA?
See here and here.
Mary, Virgin and Queen, Mother of the King of glory, pray for us!
But the last apparent meeting is likely to come under scrutiny and could interest Robert Mueller, the special prosecutor who is investigating alleged collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia.
“I have tried to stay objective, but I ask that you please give us some time to pause and reflect,” Murillo wrote.
If they were, there would be no detention and separation after illegally coming into the US, only an immediate deportation by US Border Patrol on the spot.
He is standing against corrupt men in high places who cannot be trusted to do what is best for souls, for the Catholic faithful or indeed for Holy Mother Church herself.
The report took particular aim at FBI officials investigating Clinton’s email server for moving slowly after agents in the New York Field office discovered messages on the laptop of disgraced former Congressman Anthony Weiner that might be relevant to their case.
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Cruz described how the abuse was witnessed and covered up by Juan Barros, a priest whose appointment as a bishop in 2015 prompted huge protests in Chile.
In 2001, he was made a Cardinal-deacon with the awesome responsibility of voting in a Conclave.
Yes, the Nazi arrested people, asked them for ID, split up families and... then killed them all.
She didn't seem distraught over that.
Fillmore, Pierce, Buchanan?
Welcome to the dumbing down of the Catholic Faith by the St. Gallen Mafia and their don, Jorge Bergoglio.
Even as President Trump moves swiftly to restore sanctions and put Iran on notice that its nuclear activity and global adventurism will not be tolerated, those billions cannot be recovered, and the Iranians have already spent a great deal for their jihad cause.
And King had observed that in his July 5, 2016 statement, James Comey used “intent” six times.
Terrorism, mental health issues, and everything else are still on the table as authorities try to uncover a motive.
Coupled with her agents’ destruction of thousands of e-mails that had been subpoenaed by Congress, Hillary’s conduct was criminally reckless at the very least, if not constituting willful intent to commit an act she knew was wrongful.
Dina Habib Powell is a deep part of the Republican establishment.
Ebola Outbreak Confirmed in Democratic Republic of Congo
Understand that Ellison attempts to tell the audience and his opponent that he has distanced himself from Farrakhan since the 1990s.
For Sofia Jao, BC ‘22, problems with the performance resided not in the set, but with Patel’s closing remarks.
According to Bloomberg, the DOJ is interpreting Trump’s request to include information about the use of confidential informant (spy) Stephan Halper during the early stages of the Trump-Russia investigation.
Will CAA apply to all Indian states?
But this isn’t the first time a sound weapon has been used on American diplomats.
“Because when she does, she is going to look like the loon she is.
On top of that, there has been zero evidence submitted to the committee that Ford's allegations are true.
Got questions.org explains very well…
I completely agree with that assessment and fully support President Trump pardoning these men.
90 minutes later the Guardian piece went life.
The book illustrates how the Jihadist Psychopath has, with the help of the Left, successfully built his totalitarian plantation in the West -- on which the political and cultural establishment is now enslaved and dutifully following his orders.
This leftwing witch hunt has been ongoing since day one of Trump’s presidency in order to impair and impede his ability to get the job done.
With the Fourth Estate now on life support, there is a high premium on the fledgling Fifth Estate, which uses the ether and is not susceptible of government or corporation control.
The Kerala government has said in its suit that there is no rationale in grouping together the three countries—Pakistan, Afghanistan and Bangladesh—for the purpose of the CAA and rules and orders.
But Richard now has a new hat, and it was signed by Donald Trump himself!
Rather, it is an ideological movement dedicated to the face-saving defense of a catastrophic failure in ecclesial innovation that has corrupted the human element of the Church in practically every department.
We have reached out to the Asian American Alliance for comment and were told that their board is not yet prepared to release a statement.
Photos posted on WhatsApp of the San Ysidro port of entry today.
And the father of Muslim spy ring Imran Awan transferred a USB drive to a Pakistani senator and former head of a Pakistani intelligence agency.
Remember, Strzok is widely credited as the man who changed FBI Director Comey’s language on the Clinton email investigation from the prosecutable “grossly negligent” to the legally superflous “extremely careless.”
There is certain to be more jihad terrorism during this Ramadan, and some of it may be committed by Muslims in the U.S. Hamid, if he cared about this, would be confronting honestly the teachings of Islam that make Ramadan the month of jihad, and working to reform them.
“The cop came to [Awan’s defense attorney] Chris Gowen’s office with a stack of papers … Then he came back and said, ‘I thought you guys were the other party.’ He was very, very angry.
But now concerning the question of Cardinal Marx, and not a few of the priests, the answer is simple: one may ask for God's blessing for sinners, but not for the sin.
Cardinal O’Malley will head revived Vatican abuse panel
No jury would send a young man to prison based on that testimony.
Now things like this, from Sen. Chuck Schumer.
Parliament has raised many concerns relating precisely to the repression of minorities in Bangladesh, Afghanistan and Pakistan.
At issue is a large group of Indonesian Chinese Christians who fled a pogrom in Indonesia directed against them in the 1990s.
I think we can find an almost perfect analogy by replacing the term “patient” with “monastery.” Think about how one would apply concepts like “autonomy,” “viability,” “incapacity,” “quality of life” and “equitable distribution of scarce resources” to this context.
Coats spokeswoman Kellie Wade also said that the agency was “working expeditiously with our interagency partners to conduct a declassification review of the documents the President has identified for declassification.”
So what do we do?
Kavanaugh must testify first, a grotesque inversion of our bedrock principle that an accused has the right to confront his accuser’s charges.
His lawyer, Ronald Daigle, told Fox News on Monday that the lawsuit, which he expects to file soon in Manhattan, will name the U.S. Department of Justice, former FBI Director James Comey and former President Barack Obama as defendants, among others.
They came over here because we had been killing Muslims “over there” for decades.
According to the Labor Department employment report released last Friday, December there were 77,000 fewer working-age immigrants (legal and illegal) in the country in December 2017 than in December 2016—a decline of 0.18%.
You may opt out at anytime.
Looks like when you are so gung ho to go after someone based on 36-year-old allegations in which there are no witnesses and no evidence, it will eventually come back to bite you.
One source said she also went to the Department of Justice and “made a stink.”
Many in Bangladesh feel that tagging Bangladesh with Pakistan and Afghanistan is a blow to its credentials as a modern democratic nation. Sheikh Mujibur Rehman did not break away from Pakistan to build another theocratic state. Yet, Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists and Christians living in Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan and wanting to escape religious persecution in those countries, will be eligible for the Indian citizenship.
To restore the beauty of holiness to the face of the Bride of Christ, which is terribly disfigured by so many abominable crimes, and if we truly want to free the Church from the fetid swamp into which she has fallen, we must have the courage to tear down the culture of secrecy and publicly confess the truths we have kept hidden.
It was their duty in 2016 – not candidate Trump’s.
However, in different parts of the country, this issue is being politicised and a web of confusion is being created for the people. This kind of politics, hunger for power and the height of self-interest have gone to such an extent that some people are dubbing CAA not only anti-Constitution but also at variance with Indian values. The protesting students and other people do not have any idea about what they are protesting against. It is unfortunate that a misinformation campaign has been launched for political reasons to create an impression that every citizen of this country would henceforth be scrutinised in the name of expelling illegal immigrants under CAA. The fact of the matter is that such matters would be dealt with only in accordance with the provisions of the existing Foreigner Act, and not under CAA. It is not as though India has never granted refuge to anybody until now. Several people from Tibet, Afghanistan, Sri Lanka and Uganda have been given Indian citizenship in the past.
Ramirez admits there are holes in her memory due to how much she drank at the party.
Paul Stütz, the author of the article, explains that the blessing of couples “offers an occasion to express love.”
How content he is with his decision and how happy with his current life.
The cardinal said that he is “not happy” about the fact that there are different interpretations of this papal text by some bishops' conferences.
He refers to the real possibility of a tragedy.
And you send emails from that address including two emails to the FBI, didn’t you?
People who knew Ramirez after her time at Yale say that she never once mentioned the incident — until Kavanaugh's nomination was pending.
Ellison is a totalitarian-minded individual, who has been supported by Communists and Islamists alike.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
Indonesia is more hospitable to Chinese Christians today than the short period in the 90s when there was a problem.
Saucier, who lives in Vermont, pleaded guilty in 2016 to taking photos inside the USS Alexandria while it was stationed in Groton, Connecticut, in 2009.
At the beginning of Pope Francis’ pontificate, he had maintained his dignity, as he had shown with courage when he was Archbishop of Québec.
The rallying cry for his homosexual modern agenda was sounded in his July 29, 2013 airplane presser.
Many of you followed Bundy Ranch until after the trials, but when we asked for people to step up and sign a petition to bring Bundy Ranch prosecutor Steven Myhre to justice for his crimes, we couldn't get 1,000 signatures.
And the media report says the confiscations “only” last a year, with the caveat that they may be extended.
No wonder why the reprobates and hypocrites thought that the Christians who were following the living Christ were turning the world upside down in the book of Acts.
The people who talk about the "Jewish question" are generally anti-Semites.
The court awarded Abid the $50,000 life insurance payout, minus $5,000 that the insurance company took for its expenses in litigating the fraud allegations.
“We have our military on the border,” Trump said in Montana, while campaigning for the Republicans in the state ahead of next week’s midterm election.
In simplest terms, this gives Supreme Court original jurisdiction—meaning the Supreme Court can hear the case firsthand rather than reviewing a lower court's judgment—to mediate disputes between states or between the Centre and states.
Until it has, this Synod must be cancelled while the civil authorities and law enforcement fully investigate the breadth and depth of the homosexual clerical predation.
Hadeed: Why do your signatures look different?
By 1781, he had logged a total of 103 objects into his catalog, 40 of which had been found by Messier himself.
In October, Project Veritas exposed the corruption of Claire McCaskill's campaign.
When Graham had his time to speak, he said what many of us thought should have been said.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Fast forward to the Obama Regime Administrative Amnesty , where despite outstanding deportation orders, these illegal aliens, among millions of others, are allowed to remain, and then given employment authorization as well.
Last Friday, President Donald Trump signed an order giving Puerto Rico $16 billion in disaster recovery aid, $2 billion of which will be used to repair the electric grid under the federal Community Development Block Grant program.
The video evidence confirms that Gillum is lying to Florida voters.
This research showed that the manipulation of results pages in search engines can shift the voting preferences of undecideds by anywhere between 20 and 80 percent, depending on the demographic.
In a predictable performance, the duo cited mistakes and raised concerns but solved none of the lingering mysteries the massive report released last week that found anti-Trump bias did not affect FBI and DOJ decisions.
How about the people in the Catalan region of Spain?
The additional good news: Native-born American workers took all the jobs created this month, according to the Household Survey, which records workers’ immigrant status (but not their legal status).
There were two different calligraphy assignments — one involving the Shahada and another instructing students to practice writing English letters in calligraphy, Branch told Christian Post.
He will cling to power with his last breath in order to carry out the many other acts of ecclesial subversion he clearly has in mind.
SALZBURG, Austria, February 13, 2018 (LifeSiteNews) – The indignation about Cardinal Reinhard Marx and Bishop Franz-Josef Bode – the President and the Vice President of the German Bishops' Conference – and their direct or more indirect encouragement of blessing homosexual unions is growing by the day.
Former Navy Sailor Pardoned By Trump To Sue Obama & Comey
In writing up a memo[1] on these documents that were entrusted to me, as Delegate for Pontifical Representations, on December 6, 2006, I wrote to my superiors, Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone and the Substitute Leonardo Sandri, that the facts attributed to McCarrick by Littleton were of such gravity and vileness as to provoke bewilderment, a sense of disgust, deep sorrow and bitterness in the reader, and that they constituted the crimes of seducing, requesting depraved acts of seminarians and priests, repeatedly and simultaneously with several people, derision of a young seminarian who tried to resist the Archbishop’s seductions in the presence of two other priests, absolution of the accomplices in these depraved acts, sacrilegious celebration of the Eucharist with the same priests after committing such acts.
There is no white guy ban.
We think this is the way will lead us to recreate from the interior the Charism of the Mother Teresa.
Recently an editor of a “conservative” Catholic magazine asked me if I would be interested in contributing a piece about the resignation of Pope Benedict XVI, five years on.
“Father” Martin now confidently declares, sixteen years after the “pedophile summit,” that “The idea of a purge of gay priests is both ridiculous and dangerous.
It is in moments of great trial that the Lord’s grace is revealed in abundance and makes His limitless mercy available to all; but it is granted only to those who are truly repentant and sincerely propose to amend their lives.
As the KirchenZeitung journalist adds: “This offer can be accepted by lovers in all kinds of life situations – also by lesbians and homosexuals.” Lehner, who is herself a theologian, regrets that, so far, no homosexual couple has come for the blessing.
One source close to the White House who has previewed the plan told the Free Beacon that the nuclear deal, also known as the JCPOA, solidified the Iranian regime’s grip on power and intentionally prevented the United States from fomenting regime change
6 – There are crossover connections between employees paid by Powell’s 10,000 Women and the Clintons.
It’s so ridiculous.That is the situation as I see it, Dennis.
In letter, Pelosi/Schumer/Schiff/Warner order intel agencies to ignore presidential order on declassification until consulting with Congress.
We must close ranks before another precious child is exploited, a holy seminarian is violated, or another homosexual orgy is covered up at the Vatican.
Any purge would empty parishes and religious orders of the thousands of priests and bishops who lead healthy lives of service and faithful lives of celibacy.”
Many have also speculated that, because McCarrick’s victims were overwhelmingly above the age of consent, the media didn’t consider them newsworthy.
Trumpism is not a detour, after which we can all get back on the interstate to the New World Order.
* Yes, he will be confirmed.
Is this what Bolton has in mind for North Korea?
What was even more amazing is that the audience laughed hysterically.
Thus, we clearly gauge that there is no disgusting and venomous level to which the Left will not stoop in its destructive agenda.
Given the fallen human condition, such injustices are bound to occur in any judicial system, and everyone agrees that they should be ruthlessly remedied.
John, real quick, we are running out of time.
From January 2009 through May 2011 the New VDAWDI, calculated using foreign-born and native-born employment figures, grew by 5.5%.
What the NRC actually entails in experience is still unknown. The government is yet to announce which documents would be acceptable to qualify for citizenship. ANI, the news agency, published a curious non-gazetted “fact sheet” released by “government sources” on the NRC. This fact sheet, which was also released by the Press Information Bureau, has no official status, but it strains to clarify that the CAA and the NRC are separate processes and that no one will be denied citizenship on the grounds of religion. It, however, leaves no doubt that everyone in India will be swooped up in the exercise of proving their citizenship to the government, by furnishing a yet unknown list of documents. The sheer brazenness of the government in inflicting anxiety about citizenship status on millions of (largely poor, uneducated) Indians while they are struggling with livelihoods amid a tanking economy is simply breathtaking.
It was delivered to me one month later, on May 24, 2008.
This text first appeared in the Madison Catholic Herald.
I immediately phoned Cardinal Wuerl, who expressed his surprise to me, telling me that he knew nothing about that announcement and that he would cancel it.
Label the Enemy and Make a Threat Assessment.
A woman heard him say, “Infidel, you must die”.
Dear Illegal Alien ‘Caravan’: Say, ‘Hola’ To Trump’s RAZOR Wire
We’re working with our partners 24/7 to stop this outbreak.
that others hearing may fear and may not dare to do such things.
The cities of Sodom and Gomorrah were definitely not exclusive in terms of the sins in which they indulged.
That fails to explain why he met with him.
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
It wasn’t about the money,” she said.
Again, God bless Archbishop Hebda for this welcome statement, and may God grant him the courage now to finish the task by publicly reassuring the scandalized faithful that it’s not just abuse of minors or sexual harassment that’s going on here.
Many parents are motivated by a desire to give their children something better than a curriculum that has been dumbed down by federal initiatives like Common Core.
How inconvenient that the two targets of predatory clerics and prelates will be the subject of the Synod of Bishops.
After court, Hadeed told reporters Bacon had threatened to sue him for defamation.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
HANNITY: Back to my original question, counselor, if I may.
Watch this leftist loon pour her beverage on FSU Republicans as she states they are “normalizing and enabling Nazis” by supporting Rick Scott and Ron DeSantis.
I will sing praise to my God while I have being.
They described in detail how important it was to destroy the “feeling of trust” that is WikiLeaks’ “centre of gravity”.
During this operation, ERO deportation officers made arrests in the following Texas cities and towns: Austin (45), San Antonio (41), Rio Grande Valley (37), Laredo (15) and Waco (7).
Facebook also refused to respond to Glazov’s inquiry about “what it is specifically that violates Facebook’s ‘community standards’ when a person gives advice on how to best defend American lives from jihad.”
The OIG report also criticized the conduct of Peter Strzok and Lisa Page, who had exchanged text messages sharply critical of Mr. Trump before and after the election, for casting “a cloud over the entire FBI investigation.” The report referenced a text message on August 8, 2016, in which Strzok reassured Page that she need not worry about Donald Trump becoming president.
Stephen Vladeck, a University of Texas law professor, agreed that Sessions cannot stop the Russia investigation given that he recused himself.
French Jewish woman’s killer found unfit to stand trial in 2nd evaluation
* Yes, they will try.
Smiles and hugs are premature.
Protecting the image of Islam, not protecting the public, still seems to be the most important priority for all too many American officials.
“You may not like the hat or you may not like the president, but you don’t show that kind of aggression toward teenagers.
Bollywood starlets, left-leaning stand up comedians and sundry academicians should stick to their knitting, rather than feverishly tweeting about falsehoods and endorsing arson, loot, violence, torching of buses and rampant vandalism by students.
McCarrick, Pineda/Maradiaga, Fr.
The two themes of the upcoming Synod of Bishops in Rome are none other than, Youth and Vocations.
The question is why.
Watch Dianne Feinstein Erupt With Glee After Trump Seems To Endorse Her Assault Weapons Ban
As for Sylvester, the Synod declared that he be “stripped of his sacerdotal rank and shut up in a monastery.” Gregory was also declared deposed, either by the act of the Synod itself or by Gregory’s own voluntary resignation in view of the Synod.
A few days ago, my friend Steve Skojec, of the traditionalist/restorationist website One Peter Five, summed up the consternation of those of us who still feel a lingering affection for (the man we used to call) Pope Benedict.
At the time, Kavanaugh and Judge were students at Georgetown Prep, a private Catholic all-boys school.
And only, apparently, a single “interpretation” of it, if we are to judge by the soap and oil Braz de Aviz poured on the ruffled feathers of the Leadership Conference of Women Religious – the most virulently anti-Catholic organisation of “Catholic” religious in the world – and by his vicious persecution of the Franciscans of the Immaculate.
#immigration #border #caravanamigrante #undocumented #army pic.twitter.com/PVD6YIbCvk — John Moore (@jbmoorephoto) November 2, 2018
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
No more concessions.
With the cut-off date set at December 31 2014, the number of people who will benefit from the amendments stands at 31,313, a figure submitted by the IB during a parliamentary committee hearing on the bill in 2016.
The emotional impact of the Guardian story is to suggest that Assange is responsible for four years or more of Trump rule.
It is absolutely unthinkable that Nunzio Sambi, who was an extremely responsible person, loyal, direct and explicit in his way of being (a true son of Romagna) did not speak to him about it.
Let’s hear from them.
From the beginning, our Association has organized formation courses for the younger sisters as well as courses of permanent formation.
Former Apostolic Nuncio to the United States Accuses Pope of McCarrick Cover-up, Calls on Francis to Resign
“We take anti-Semitism quite seriously,” J Street’s statement read.
(CNN) The government of the Democratic Republic of Congo declared an outbreak of Ebola hemorrhagic fever, a rare and deadly disease, on Tuesday, the World Health Organization reported.
I want to recall this indefectible truth of the Church’s holiness to the many people who have been so deeply scandalized by the abominable and sacrilegious behavior of the former Archbishop of Washington, Theodore McCarrick; by the grave, disconcerting and sinful conduct of Pope Francis and by the conspiracy of silence of so many pastors, and who are tempted to abandon the Church, disfigured by so many ignominies.
-7.4% Not in labor force 72,196 73,769 1,573 2.2% Source: BLS, "The Employment Situation - May 2011," June 3, 2011.
Ford said there were four boys at the party but only two in the room.” Nor do the notes mention Kavanaugh’s name, even though her husband says Ford named Kavanaugh in the sessions.
“Mental health” regulations for gun ownership is what extremist gun grabbers Schumer, Pelosi, Feinstein, et al., have been trying to accomplish for decades.
At one point, as they greeted each other, Prince Mohammed noted the two countries were important allies.
There is no need for the US to be involved in it in any way.
[ U.S. economy added 2 million jobs in 2017 , by Patrick Gillespie, CNNMoney, January 5, 2018]
FBI IG Report: A Slap On The Wrist
© Claudio Reyes/AFP/Getty Images Catholic Church deals with sex abuse fallout
I declined, telling him that I was morally certain that anything I had to say about it would not be in keeping with his editorial policies.
But under this new “red flag” law in Washington State, police are now able to confiscate a person’s firearm without the person committing ANY crime—or even threatening to commit a crime.
These lessons of history should suffice to dispel the pious fable, never a teaching of the Magisterium, that every Pope is chosen by the Holy Ghost to lead the Church.
Assange described the story as a hoax.
On July 25, 2016, the House Inspector General notified the Committee on House Administration that investigators had detected major cybersecurity violations by the Awan family.
We got kicked out of a public school for re-enforcing America’s value’s by teaching the US Constitution.
The handwriting is all over the 37 foot Vatican wall.
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
Happening Now: US troops performing maintenance work on security infrastructure at the Hidalgo – Reynosa International Bridge.
Only one camera can be in the room.
Her older sister just finished a semester studying in Austria and will graduate with a double major and a minor degree next spring.
Trump pardons Oregon ranchers whose imprisonment sparked 2016 armed standoff
Last week Pope Francis announced he was reviving a panel he created to advise the Vatican on how to handle sexual abuse by clergy.
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
(See Jamie's video on this whole surreal affair HERE).
solemnly professed: 170
After Prime Minister Orbán delivered his strongly worded state of the nation speech, a UK Daily Mail report said, “Orbán has conflated the issue of immigration with the image of Soros, 87, whose name was used in a tough anti-migrant bill sent to Parliament on Wednesday.”
So, according to Faggioli, the same Pope who sacks conservative bishops and cardinals according to his pleasure and has just removed a cardinal from the College of Cardinals in an unprecedented disciplinary act under fire from the media, is somehow powerless to dismiss Modernist bishops who have created an obscene “gay culture” in the Church and replace them with orthodox, normal heterosexual males.
In an early Friday post on Twitter, Trump wrote that her sentence of 63 months in federal prison was unfair and accused Sessions of having a double standard.
Once again the Pope did not show any reaction.
Not that he said things the way he should have.
What a surprise!
Of course, the news of the migrant caravan has largely been abandoned due to the elections and what appears to be voter fraud and election meddling and manipulation across the country, but that doesn't mean that thousands of migrants from Central America have abandoned their quest to enter our country illegally.
Notice some things that are taking place in Iran that the plan speaks about.
Wasserman Schultz hired the House’s former top lawyer, Bill Pittard — who had recently quit the House — to try to block prosecutors from seeing evidence, TheDCNF previously reported.Awan obtained legal representation from two lawyers who began their careers in Miami — one with experience in espionage cases and the other a former aide to Hillary Clinton.
At 16:30 utc, under fire from other media and journalists, the Guardian issued a statement:
And that is what’s going to require somebody to do an extensive investigation.
Attorney General Sessions recused himself from overseeing the investigation early in 2017.
HOLENESS: “There ought to be at least a three-day waiting period for everybody and a full background check for everybody… And we need to- And these automatic guns with sixteen rounds a minute, they ought to not be on the streets either, so that’s his plan.”
The Trumpinator: every time his rivals think they’ve got him down and out, he stands back up and keeps on coming.
According to a report by The Intercept, the letter was relayed to lawmakers by an individual affiliated with Stanford University and concerns an incident involving the 53-year-old Kavanaugh and a woman while they were in high school.
A woman who claims she was “best friends” with Ramirez says Ramirez never mentioned the story and initially said her friend's accusations against Kavanaugh might be “politically motivated.”
His black humor is a part of his survival kit.
The economy is doing exactly what he promised it would.
If you’ll permit me, what the Church needs now is more hatred!
With Falstaff, Flake appears to believe that "discretion is the better part of valor."
There are somethings said …
You may opt out at anytime.
There weren’t the cameras around.
In addition, claiming that it happened to the Jews alone excludes the non-Jews who were tortured by Hitler.
They will be crucified in the media, yes.
So, unless the legislature writes a bill, and it got voted on the floor, it cannot pass.”
I have seen these emplacements from the northern edge of the DMZ.
“This puts a whole different lens on this outbreak and gives us increased urgency to move very quickly into Mbandaka to stop this new first sign of transmission,” he said.
Locals in Tijuana protested against the arrival of the caravan migrants, as Breitbart News reported, demanding they leave the city.
The report doesn’t even say the man was known for acting weirdly or strangely.
I think there is collusion which amounts to an attempt to try to do a deal with Assange whereby he might be allowed free passage of return to Australia if he shuts down WikiLeaks.
Both women are college professors.
Here is where Ms. Ford’s story becomes quite murky and begins to fall apart.
Malcolm Turnbull can remain silent.
The accusations were rejected by Obama administration officials who said Republicans are trying to make a one-time effort to meet obligations under the nuclear deal sound like an attempt to give Iran broad access to the US financial system.
Sinema is proof: the Left hates America, and considers “right-wing extremists,” a term all too often applied to American patriots, far more of a threat than jihad terrorists.
To tell Christians to submit to evil civil authority is teaching the opposite of what is true.
Publicly, Pompeo and his hosts looked calm and friendly when they met Tuesday in Riyadh.
No he won’t.
Trump then called on Congress to correct the problems created by legislation with more legislation.
They had a right to find out about Cablegate.
The data was completely out of [members’] possession.”
According to prepared testimony provided to The Hill newspaper, he will say:
And the Lord said, If I find in Sodom fifty righteous within the city, then I will spare all the place for their sakes.
I’m not going to do that here, but it might be helpful to examine the two documents with the help of a expert at some point.
Martini, Fausti said, urged Benedict to resign the papacy.
Ford has asked me to let you know that she appreciates the various options you have suggested.
And in the end, we are all after the truth, aren’t we?
Shaheen Bagh in Delhi was the epicentre of the anti-CAA protests and became famous worldwide for its unique set of protestors, which mainly included women and children. However, the protest soon spread from big cities and campuses to small towns to become a pan-India movement.
“ICE’s leadership has made clear that ICE will no longer exempt classes or categories of removable aliens from potential enforcement.
The special counsel is also looking into some of Trump’s tweets about Attorney General Sessions and the former F.B.I.
It is very good that you are doing this, Dennis, because even in the media outside the mainstream, there is this silence about Julian.
At a recent dinner of the UK Independence Party (UKIP), which he formerly headed, Farage said: “If dealing with Islamic fundamentalism becomes a battle between us and the entire religion, I’ll tell you the result: we’ll lose.
That Grassley and the Republicans would even participate in this absurd show trial is testimony to how deeply the progressive ideological narrative has burrowed into our social and political life.
Whoa!’ First of all, calligraphy was invented in China 3,000 years prior to Muhammad.
But if Kavanaugh is confirmed, there will be five reliably Constitutionalist justices on the bench, who are unlikely to tolerate judicial usurpation of Congress’s law-making powers.
SOLOMON: That seems to be accurate.
Wills doesn’t give any source for it; apparently it comes from none other than Garry Wills himself.
The new allegations came yesterday amid reports that Senate Judiciary Committee chairman Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) tentatively scheduled a hearing for this Thursday to take testimony from Christine Blasey Ford, 51, who claims Kavanaugh, 53, sexually assaulted her decades ago when he was a high school student.
· A 19-year-old male Mexican national with a prior conviction for carrying a concealed weapon.
Scicluna will be meeting with Cruz, who said he hopes other abuse survivors will be heard as a result of his case coming more to the forefront.
“Look, in the early 1990s, Louis Farrakhan was a person speaking the issues of African-American civil rights," Ellison added.
If President Trump were a mole, wouldn’t he have made life easier for Putin?
I wrote to Dr.
“Ultimately, after all was said and done, the Latino community did come out to vote, and completely surprised us,” Murillo wrote.
Wait… its “usefulness”?
The letter then demands that the agencies brief the Gang of Eight before releasing the materials “to anyone at the White House.”
Why wouldn’t the pope take the advice of his most respected and senior cardinal?
Murillo also brags that Google, “used its power to ensure that millions of people saw certain hashtags and social media impressions, with the goal of influencing their behavior during the election.” Unfortunately for Clinton and Google, as Murillo lamented, “…ultimately after all was said and done, the Latino community did come out to vote, and completely surprised us.
For too long we have diminished the reality of sin — we have refused to call a sin a sin — and we have excused sin in the name of a mistaken notion of mercy.
Opposing "Stand Your Ground" or "Shoot First" laws and urging state legislatures that have adopted such laws to repeal them; and
New tension comes as former Trump campaign chair Paul Manafort goes on trial, facing unrelated financial-crime charges, with Mueller’s team prosecuting him
You should read it.” It was Christopher Ferrara's The Secret Still Hidden.
Since the document provides several mechanisms by which a federation can move nuns out of a monastery, this could be one of those indelicate questions some superiors might want to keep in mind.
Present Problems: Have got very old.
The AMA, which should take no political position when it comes to guns, except to uphold the law which protects the God-given rights of law-abiding citizens, came out with a lengthy blog post not only calling for guns and ammunition confiscation, as well as universal gun registration but also proposals to ban the sale and possession of “all assault-type weapons, bump stocks and related devices, high-capacity magazines, and armor piercing bullets.”
But of course, the entire game is given away in the next paragraph:
Grassley said his staff repeatedly sought to interview Ford over the past 11 days, “even volunteering to fly to California to take her testimony, but her attorneys refused to prevent – present her allegations to Congress.”
As such, neighboring countries are on high alert.
And we have a strategic interest in not losing Turkey as an ally.
A copy of the report, obtained by The Washington Times, outlines how Obama-era State and Treasury Department officials discreetly issued a special license for the conversion to a major Omani bank and unsuccessfully pressured two U.S. banks to partake in the transaction, all while misleading lawmakers about the activities.
As it had to.
And he said, I will not destroy it for ten's sake.
Good luck with that!
And when they had set them in the midst, they asked, By what power, or by what name, have ye done this?
The Guardian has become a main outlet for British government disinformation operations aimed at defaming Russia.
As soon as I entered the hall I met Cardinal McCarrick, who wore the red-trimmed cassock.
This is just the very beginning of the dark night of the soul of the Catholic Church.
On one hand, this Act nurtures and protects the fundamental spirit of the Indian Constitution; on the other hand, it tends our cultural values. Basically, the Act is about granting Indian citizenship to those minority refugees who have been at the receiving end of unmitigated hardships in Pakistan, Bangladesh and Afghanistan. It makes provisions for granting citizenship to the Hindu, Sikh, Buddhist, Jain and Parsi refugees, who have been living in India since or before December 31, 2014. Under this Act, the minorities from these three countries can apply for Indian citizenship only if they have been staying here for at least five years. How can anyone object to it?
... Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn (R-Texas) dismissed the controversy on Twitter.
Moreover, by her own admission to the Washington Post, Ms. Ford “said she does not remember some key details of the incident.” She does not remember, for example, where it happened, how the party came together in the first place, or how she got home after the alleged incident.
The author went on to write that this protestant should know what the Bible says about those in authority.
The caravan has been growing steadily since it left the violent Honduran city of San Pedro Sula on Saturday.
In the world of human rights, silence equals mass murder.
These groups of people are simply enemies of the cross of Christ and know not the power of God unto salvation (Philippians 3:18).
As it is, the death penalty as administered by society must be viewed against the backdrop of divine revelation if it is to make any real sense.
It seems important to ask because article 70, on how to suppress a monastery, includes it:
Everything else is just noise.
And Google likely violated federal election laws — not to mention the privacy of its users — in the services it provided the Clinton campaign.
Not a thing (p. 7).
Let the thing die of its own excesses, for as the “little synod” [the 2002 “pedophile summit”] demonstrates, the men who control this establishment will never restore it to anything resembling the vibrant Church that a long line of militant, uncompromising Popes delivered into their hands at Vatican II.
Whether or not the U. S. will follow suit and outlaw it nationally still remains to be seen.
The most suspicious part of this whole situation is the timing.
But that predominance has very little to do with homosexuality per se.
“I represent a woman with credible information regarding Judge Kavanaugh and Mark Judge.
Over the past few weeks, the active-duty servicemen deployed under Operation Faithful Patriot have mainly been erecting barbed-wire fences along the border in Texas, California and Arizona, as well as building shelter accommodation for customs and border protection staff.
What really concerns Faggioli and those who think like him is not Wuerl and his “complex situation,” which is not complex at all.
The article recounted a claim by Deborah Ramirez, a Yale classmate of Brett Kavanaugh’s, concerning “a dormitory party gone awry.” As the article acknowledged, however, “her memories contained gaps because she had been drinking at the time of the alleged incident.” The article goes on to say that in her initial conversations with The New Yorker, Ms. Ramirez was “reluctant to characterize Kavanaugh’s role in the alleged incident with certainty.” It was only after “six days of carefully assessing her memories and consulting with her attorney” that Ms. Ramirez was suddenly able to pinpoint Judge Kavanaugh as having committed an unsavory act, even though she admitted being “foggy” at the time.
“We must constantly reinforce our support for removing the iron sandal from the necks of the people to allow them the freedom they deserve.”
Judge: I don’t understand why the witness is having such trouble with the question.
By the end of the day it was evident that Congress would have to hear from Comey, Rosenstein, Strzok and others.
Islamic groups in the West issue pro-forma condemnations after every jihad terror attack, but are doing little or nothing to try to prevent the next one.
Expose and rout every last predator.
Archbishop Carlo Maria Viganò's 11-page statement, released to the National Catholic Register, accuses Pope Francis of covering for McCarrick, ignoring the sanctions that Pope Benedict had imposed on McCarrick, and also of making McCarrick a trusted counselor who became Francis's "kingmaker" when it came to American appointments and was highly instrumental in the Pope's decision to elevate far-Left bishops such as Blase Cupich of Chicago and Joseph Tobin of Newark to the College of Cardinals.
The disease infects humans through close contact with infected animals, including chimpanzees, fruit bats and forest antelope.
Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court?
They pointed to a number of Obama officials, including Lew, who said in congressional testimony that Iran was not granted access to the US financial system.
A fourth accuser popped up yesterday, Politico reports.
AUSTRIA, February 16, 2018 (LifeSiteNews) – The Diocese of Linz, Austria, invited homosexual couples to participate in the blessing of couples on St. Valentine's Day.
“With shame and repentance, we acknowledge as an ecclesial community that we were not where we should have been, that we did not act in a timely manner, realizing the magnitude and the gravity of the damage done to so many lives.
Republicans never seem to learn from their mistakes.
* Yes, military force should be used.
Abid: My signatures are not very consistent, I’m just a human being…
Sarah Ferguson, a highly paid reporter, raised not a word of this with Hillary Clinton sitting in front of her.
Now, he’s the National Security Advisor.
Commission members quickly realized they needed to go beyond raising awareness and deal with the bishops who quietly shift offenders to new dioceses when they are exposed as molesters and rapists.
All seeking entry into the U.S. are urged to present themselves at an official Port of Entry."
Beware sonic weapon attacks, US tells citizens in China
President Trump has initiated the military to protect our border from the invading migrants.
In Egypt, she had described how Bush after September 11 had, “visited a mosque, took off his shoes and paid his respects.” "I see the president talk of Islam as a religion of peace, I see him host an iftar every year.” Habib Powell had attended such an iftar dinner.
Because North Korea has scraped and skimped for decades to build nuclear weapons for the sole reason of deterring a major US attack, including the use by the US of tactical nuclear weapons.
But now that the corruption has reached the very top of the Church’s hierarchy, my conscience dictates that I reveal those truths regarding the heart-breaking case of the Archbishop Emeritus of Washington, D.C., Theodore McCarrick, which I came to know in the course of the duties entrusted to me by St. John Paul II, as Delegate for Pontifical Representations, from 1998 to 2009, and by Pope Benedict XVI, as Apostolic Nuncio to the United States of America, from October 19, 2011 until end of May 2016.
To ensure the success of the military operation, in addition to sheer troop numbers, the US forces have drones, helicopters with night-vision capabilities, and fixed-wing aircraft at their disposal.
The Islamic Society of North America, a Muslim Brotherhood front group, along with the Hamas-tied Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR).
We’re developing low-yield nuclear weapons.
This is the first pillar in the internet gun culture of tomorrow, and it is permanent."
“I do think he’s not saying specifically like I’m going to ban bump stocks or I’m against ARs, only because he’s running a race right now.
We are talking about a publisher and reporter who has changed history.
The Oakland mayor’s decision to publicize her suspicions about ICE operations further increased that risk for my officers and alerted criminal aliens — making clear that this reckless decision was based on her political agenda.
In other words, because his situation is “complex” Wuerl, unlike McCarrick, should remain a cardinal and the Archbishop of Washington, DC, thus maintaining a key bulwark against the “neo-traditionalist” threat.
Under that was a tweet from Jon Ralston of Ralston Reports in Nevada saying, among other things, that “Trump is dead” because of Latino turnout in early voting in the state.
Where President Obama refused to provide serious weapons to the Ukrainians to help them defend themselves (his response was weakness on a pathetic scale), President Trump has approved the sale of offensive weapons to enable the Ukrainians to increase the cost of Russian aggression.
It’s hard to believe with the evaporation of the Trump Effect, but less than six months ago we were seeing to year-over-year declines in the immigrant workforce population.
1 – When she served as president of the Goldman Sachs Foundation, the philanthropic arm of the Wall Street giant, Powell repeatedly partnered with the Clinton Global Initiative for a globalist women’s project that served as the centerpiece of Goldman’s foundation.
The document makes it inarguable that the federation’s main role will be to establish and monitor for conformity to a particular programme – the “intense and fruitful path” of the Church since 1965 – both within the various orders and between them:
Nonetheless, Mitchell’s questioning came across at times as perfunctory, leading many observers to conclude that Republicans threw away a valuable opportunity by using her as a stand-in.
* Yes, he will be confirmed.
Frontpage and Jamie immediately publicized this tyrannical behavior of Facebook.
After saying she thought she knew what Mitchell was trying to get at in her questions, the senator said, “so I'll just ask you very plainly, Dr. Ford, is there a political motivation for your coming forward with your account of the assault by Brett Kavanaugh?”
And as in Adam all die, so also in Christ all shall be made alive” (1 Cor.
How long is this comic opera going to continue?
Back in 2005
The CAA+NRC will also tear India’s social fabric in newer ways. Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal has said that 70% of Indians do not have documents required for citizenship and so the chances of millions, particularly minorities, being excluded in the NRC is quite high. The effects of this will be devastating. Journalist Ravish Kumar has pointed out that localities across India will now be rife with discussions on Hindu-Muslim issues because of the dynamics of inclusion and exclusion that will mark the aftermath of a published NRC.
Marshal's Service has assigned a protective detail to Kavanaugh's family,” the news website reports.
“This should lead to Barros stepping down,” said Saunders, who is forming his own campaign group with Cruz and others to fight clerical abuse.
By Saturday, more than 3,500 troops had been deployed, including about 1,000 Marines in California, the Pentagon said.
The email came from FBI agent Peter Strzok and it’s the first place we see the question of whether or not Clinton can be found as “grossly negligent,” in the handling of classified intel.
Candidate Donald Trump may have promised to extricate us from Middle East wars, once ISIS and al-Qaida were routed, yet events and people seem to be conspiring to keep us endlessly enmeshed.
Another way of looking at American worker displacement: the immigrant share of total U.S. employment:
* Yes, he should have gotten it back.
“There are many people who know the Pope from Argentina who have said this is classic Bergoglio to provide mercy to the predators and ask everybody else to move on,” she added.
We will update this post if such a statement is forthcoming.
Wilson boasted that his efforts have officially killed gun control.
— Johnny Edwards
Render therefore to all their dues: tribute to whom tribute is due; custom to whom custom; fear to whom fear; honour to whom honour.
The Cardinal lies shamelessly and prevails upon his Chancellor, Monsignor Antonicelli, to lie as well.
The standard for obtaining an ex parte order against a gun owner is absurdly low – one need only show “reasonable cause” to believe that the person may pose a risk.
Under no circumstances…except for those dreamed up by a number of bishops in this country who apparently think that it should be left up to individual parishes to decide if they are LGBTQ-friendly or not.
Although the conspiracy theory is baseless nonsense, it continues to dog the Trump administration, providing cable television news outlets and late-night talk show hosts with endless fodder in the 24-hour news cycle.
But J Street is stuck with its own Jewish Question.
In Alexandra, Virginia – the suburban home of America’s war-making elite — a secret grand jury, a throwback to the middle ages — has spent seven years trying to concoct a crime for which Assange can be prosecuted.
Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Since no one can know if the children really belong to the illegals who say they are their parents, they are separated until that can be verified, along with other background findings.
This column has been calling for their end for a decade.
Seper, a man full of goodness, intiated the renovation.
Each psalm was in a different language, and was prepared by the corresponding liturgical group.
According to the White House petition on behalf of Dwight and Steven Hammond by Protect The Harvest:
"Absurd as it may sound the danger we face comes from the West, from politicians in Brussels, Berlin and Paris," Orban said to loud applause.
According to The Washington Times, the recent school shooting at Parkland, Florida, was the last straw for scores of parents.
Those which were purely contemplative – a single-minded devotion to the adoration of God – were closed.
Jesus said, "Think not that I am come to destroy the law, or the prophets: I am not come to destroy, but to fulfil” (Matthew 5:17).
“I think the president needs to watch carefully for the potential for something like the Gulf of Tonkin incident,” Col. Macgregor said.
I'm not sure if he should have.
So, the fellow was violating NO gun laws whatsoever.
Everyone has collaborated in the process of amalgamations and suppressions.
take our poll - story continues below
He did not take into account the sanctions that Pope Benedict had imposed on him and made him his trusted counselor along with Maradiaga.
Mr. Wilson, an avowed anarchist who hopes for a world in which governments can’t stop individuals from getting guns, claimed his First Amendment right to free speech was being violated.
She knew it would be made public.
Maybe this summary document of 2009 can give us an idea what to expect from Rome in 2018, now that the “progressivist” faction in the Vatican is in the ascendancy and is free to act without restriction.
There's a Trump party," John Boehner told a Mackinac, Michigan, gathering of the GOP faithful last week.
We have since updated the story to reflect their denials.
Many are targeted on North Korea.
They close the sexual act to the gift of life.
The US has warned its citizens in China to be vigilant for “abnormal sensations of sound and pressure” as it opened an investigation into whether officials were targeted with a sonic weapon that caused a brain injury.
That is not entirely the case in Britain.
And, to no one's surprise, she's allegedly a Dem donor.
Cardinal Wuerl, well aware of the continuous abuses committed by Cardinal McCarrick and the sanctions imposed on him by Pope Benedict, transgressing the Pope’s order, also allowed him to reside at a seminary in Washington D.C.
Carlson pointed out how the neocons are hellbent on pushing the Trump administration into a new war.
As commentator Sean Davis tweeted:
She should never have been chosen as a candidate for Congress with hateful views of this kind, but this is the way the Democrat leadership, and the Democrat base, thinks.
Then again, these were the same types of people in Jerusalem crying out "Crucify him!
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
Health care systems like that of the UK have government regulatory boards giving out “guidelines” to determine in a uniform way how health care resources are allocated.
It was announced later that Sen. Grassley would not change the date of the hearing set for Monday.
Yet she claims to be absolutely certain that Kavanaugh, whom she presumably knew only as an acquaintance and said she had not spoken to since the night the incident allegedly occurred, was involved in the alleged incident.
And perhaps someone can explain the wisdom of handing 4 percent of our GDP each year to an adversary nation, as U.S. admirals talk tough about confronting that adversary nation over islets and reefs in the South China Sea.
Could we have been wrong about him?
But this simple message was hard to get across.
These emails showed the close role that Hillary Clinton and the Clinton Foundation played in support of extreme jihadism in the Middle East.
This outbreak was also highly “unusual”, in that several different parts of the island were affected, including areas with lots of people.
Last October, the Australian Broadcasting Corporation journalist Sarah Ferguson interviewed Hillary Clinton, over whom she fawned as “the icon for your generation”.
Dr Smruti S Pattanaik, Research Fellow, Institute for Defence Studies and Analyses, New Delhi
Two guys on my ship did the same thing and weren’t treated as criminals.
The Washington Post reported that the therapist’s notes it reviewed “do not mention Kavanaugh’s name but say she reported that she was attacked by students ‘from an elitist boys’ school’ who went on to become ‘highly respected and high-ranking members of society in Washington.’”
DB: John, what is the latest we know about how Julian Assange is being treated and his current state?
[…] “Hitler was not the first in the West to perpetrate a genocide.
“The continued results of our deportation officers underscore ICE’s ongoing and steady commitment to public safety,” said Ricardo Wong, field office director for ERO Chicago.
Now we hear the father of Muslim spy ring Imran Awan transferred a USB drive to a Pakistani senator and former head of a Pakistani intelligence agency.
and the examination of delicate cases, including those regarding cardinals and bishops, that were entrusted to the Delegate by the Cardinal Secretary of State or by the Substitute of the Secretariat of State.
Reporter Luke Harding’s latest article, claiming that Donald Trump’s disgraced former campaign manager Paul Manafort secretly visited Assange in Ecuador’s embassy in London on three occasions, is so full of holes that even hardened opponents of Assange in the corporate media are struggling to stand by it.
How are they to continue to offer the sacraments in this situation?
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Fox News obtained the memo prepared by the House Judiciary and Oversight committees, which lays out key interim findings ahead of next week’s hearing with Justice Department Inspector General Michael Horowitz.
An Islamic State propagandist’s parents said of him: “Our son is a devout Muslim.
The New York Times published an op-ed column last week by a psychiatrist, Richard A. Friedman, who cited neurological science to conclude that Ms. Ford’s claim that she has “a vivid memory of an attack that took place when she was 15” is “credible.” The reason, he wrote, is that “memories formed under the influence of intense emotion — such as the feelings that accompany a sexual assault — are indelible in the way that memories of a routine day are not.” The only problem with Dr. Friedman’s thesis is that Ms. Ford has apparently forgotten such key details surrounding the alleged sexual assault as when and where it happened and how she got home.
Undoubtedly, Farrell as the head of this Synod chose his dear friend gay friendly, Fr.
To fall into the trap of parsing problems according to what society might find acceptable or unacceptable is ignoring the fact that the Church has never held ANY of it to be acceptable — neither the abuse of children, nor any use of one’s sexuality outside of the marital relationship, nor the sin of sodomy, nor the entering of clerics into intimate sexual relationships at all, nor the abuse and coercion by those with authority.
USW was also rife with angry left-wing Democrats seeking to get Hillary Clinton elected in 2016.
He declined to condemn Farrakhan in a statement released to The Daily Caller News Foundation on Thursday.
“The JCPOA purposefully destroyed the carefully created global consensus against the Islamic Republic,” said the source, who would only speak to the Free Beacon on background about the sensitive issue.
TOENSING: They said, the CFIUS board said that the bad Russians could buy uranium one, which contains access to 20 percent of the U.S.
Frontpage editors are happy to announce our free speech victory: Facebook has lifted Frontpage editor Jamie Glazov's 30-day ban on Facebook, apologizing and saying that the block was a “mistake”.
Stop Appeasing the Democrats
With Viganò’s testimony, the widespread homosexual infiltration of the post-Vatican II hierarchy, from the top on down, now emerges mountainously into view, never to be buried again.
No matter how large the problem, we know that we are called to go forward in faith, to rely upon God’s promises to us, and to work hard to make every bit of difference we can, within our spheres of influence.
In his Twitter post, Trump also blasted the 17 angry Democrats that are doing a conflicted Mueller’s dirty work.
The fakery of Russia-gate, the collusion of a corrupt media and the shame of a legal system that pursues truth-tellers have not been able to hold back the raw truth of WikiLeaks revelations.
It is not a happy one but it is one that people should rally to quickly.
It was not immediately clear if the device was a weapon used in a deliberate attack, or had some other purpose.
Currently, there's more Republicans in Congress than Democrats, which means the guy will be confirmed.
The plea added that the CAA and rules and orders are bereft of any standard principle or norm in discriminating migrants from other countries like Sri Lanka, Myanmar and Bhutan, which are sharing international borders with India and to which and from which there has been trans-border migration. It said if the object of the CAA is to protect the minorities who faced religious persecution in Afghanistan, Pakistan and Bangladesh, then the Ahmaddiyas and Shias from these countries are also entitled to treatment equal to that being now extended to Hindu, Sikh, Buddhist, Jain, Parsi and Christian communities.
in formation: 8
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
Thanks again for all your help and support in this effort.
Here’s the new look:
Almost equally important, North Korea boasts one of the word’s biggest armies – 1,020,000 men, 88,000 crack special forces, and an trained militia of over 5 million.
But he was not demoted, reprimanded or corrected in any way.
Something changed his mind after his Chilean trip, possibly the scale of the protest against Barros in the country.
The report also faulted the bureau for assigning essentially the same personnel to the Russia and Clinton teams, and singled out Strzok, suggesting his anti-Trump views might have played a role in his not acting more expeditiously on the new lead.
You could see her posing next to Huma, Arianna and a Saudi princess.
Even if it later turns out that Manafort did visit Assange, the Guardian clearly had no compelling evidence for its claims when it published them.
Hayden's thoughtless tweet can just as easily be used to delegitimize any and all law enforcement.
Yet everything right is good, and everything wrong is evil.
[There’s] no practicing writing in Hebrew as compared to the Islamic packet.”
He sees himself in this in union with Pope Francis who himself says in his magisterial document Amoris Laetitia that “each person, independent of his sexual orientation, is to be respected in his dignity and welcomed with respect.
to keynote the Synod.
“We’re seeking to cast a light on this to show that there’s a two-tier justice system and we want it to be corrected.”
“The Trump administration has no desire to roll tanks in an effort to directly topple the Iranian regime,” Hanson said.
Forget the Wolff book brouhaha and Trump’s latest DACA dalliance —the real story is outside the Beltway , where real people live and work.
That system would require more judges to handle more illegals and Trump ripped the calls for more judges in favor of a more "simple immigration plan."
Mobile lab materials being shipped to strength rapid analysis of the samples from Bikoro, the #Ebola affected area in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, #DRC 🇨🇩 pic.twitter.com/vgmyqWhLFV — WHO African Region (@WHOAFRO) May 12, 2018
“We need people in our country but they have to come in legally and they have to have merit,” Trump told reporters before he departed for Paris.
If he were to deny this, would anybody believe him given that he occupied positions of responsibility as a member of the Legionaries of Christ?
The CAA lowers the qualiﬁcation period for becoming an Indian citizen for these people from 11 years to ﬁve, as long as they have entered India on or before 31 December 2014.
Estimates of the cost of a US invasion of North Korea have run as high as 250,000 US casualties and tens of billions of dollars.
In September, U.S. Border Patrol agents apprehended more than 41,400 undocumented immigrants, up from 37,544 in August, according to numbers not yet released publicly but obtained by NBC News.
“God is always new movement – of light, of heat, of demonstration.
This is a huge milestone in the history of our county, and as such, it should be celebrated as a victory.
And even if they were disgusted by McCarrick, these prelates weren’t willing to jeopardize their careers by standing for justice against vice.
How many young men do we foresee being forced out of seminary for having the wrong “sexual orientation”?
When he was running , Donald Trump seemed to understand this.
You may opt out at anytime.
Also, with the passing of the years, the Congregation for Religious has placed responsibility directly into the hands of the Council of the Federation.
But in the face of this naked ploy to bork Kavanaugh and derail the confirmation process for partisan advantage, the Republicans seem to be reverting to their customary preemptive cringe.
Magisterium by majority vote or stuff the ballot box.
We will come to Manbij to hand over these territories to their rightful owners."
Inspector General Horowitz saw no problem with this pattern of obfuscation regarding the deletion of the legally significant phrase “gross negligence” from Comey’s statement.
“They [the Awans] deliberately turned over a fake server” to falsify evidence, one official close to the CHA alleged.
After all, it is not the injury to relatives or any other human consideration that makes homicide the serious sin that it is, but as God Himself pointed out to Noah, it is the fact that “man was made to the image of God” that makes an assault on him tantamount to an assault on God.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Over-excitement is a serious problem in the Muslim world.
Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border?
You may opt out at anytime.
More accusers could be on their way.
And, shown above, this trend accelerated significantly in the months leading up to the election.
Today, our ridiculous suggestion is the stuff of mainstream news.
The father and son's 2016 imprisonment — and the armed protest at a national wildlife refuge that followed — formed a flashpoint in the ongoing dispute between cattle ranchers and the federal government over land-use rights.
Not So Fast
Ford is not seeking justice nor is she seeking to do her "civic duty."
It is unlawful to hire an alien, to recruit an alien, or to refer an alien for a fee, knowing the alien is unauthorized to work in the United States.. An employer can be convicted of the felony of harboring illegal aliens who are his employees if he takes actions in reckless disregard of their illegal status, such as ordering them to obtain false documents, altering records, obstructing INS inspections, or taking other actions that facilitate the alien’s illegal employment.
She’s not going to cause a fuss by purging sexually active gay men from the clergy just because… what?
The anger of the laity over the McCarrick situation is boiling over into the Twitter feed of the people we still call “the good bishops”.
The disease was first detected in 1976 in two simultaneous outbreaks, one in what is now Nzara, South Sudan, and the other in Yambuku in the DRC.
"In accordance with the mandate of Article 256 of the Constitution, the plaintiff state (Kerala) will be compelled to ensure compliance of Impugned Amendment Act (CAA) and the Rules and Orders, which are manifestly arbitrary, unreasonable, irrational and violative of fundamental rights.
When he moved a few feet across the room, the noise stopped.
Wilson and his team of lawyers focused their legal argument on a free speech claim: They pointed out that by forbidding Wilson from posting his 3-D-printable data, the State Department was not only violating his right to bear arms but his right to freely share information.
It’s been five years, and I’ve noticed that there are a lot fewer people talking about what a “courageous” act it was to give up the pontificate.
WASHINGTON — Treasury Secretary Steven T. Mnuchin said Thursday he was pulling out of a major Saudi investment conference, known as Davos in the Desert, in the first public rebuke by the White House of the Saudi regime over the disappearance and suspected murder of a dissident Saudi journalist who lived in Virginia.
Hence, the 'razing of the bastions' that Hans Urs von Balthasar called for already in 1952 was in effect an urgent duty.
While the negotiations with Ms. Ford’s attorneys for her testimony were underway, Democrats were sitting on the latest allegations, ready to pounce as soon as Ms. Ford’s accusation was about to be heard.
They would be immediate targets should the US and South Korea attack the north.
Just ask Boy Scout Mitt Romney, who was savaged for his innocuous “binders full of women.”
“Mayors are on the frontlines of America’s gun violence crisis, so it’s no surprise they’re also leading the charge to pass common-sense, life-saving laws,” Everytown President John Fienblatt said in a statement.
[5] I’d love to hear from some monastic superior who had the nerve to tell Rome, “Actually, given that all our neighbours in religion are raging neo-modernist heretics, if not schismatics, we think ‘isolation’ is a desirable thing – like quarantine during an outbreak of Bubonic Plague – and would therefore like to be dispensed from the federation requirement.” I’d pay good money to see the shade of purple the well-fed Braz de’Aviz turned.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court?
In response, Kavanaugh labeled Swetnick's salacious allegations "ridiculous and from the Twilight Zone."
Allah has created them to be partisans of Satan; most treacherous in regard to all they do; whose whole endeavor in this nether life is useless, though they themselves imagine that they are doing fine work.
Speaking Freely: Ray M... Buy New $1.99 (as of 09:20 EDT - Details)
5 – Powell was a featured speaker at a Clinton Global Initiative event alongside Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton’s former campaign chief, John Podesta.
At the same time, this document is redefining the term “autonomous” to exclude independence.
“Consistent with their stated desires to obstruct Kavanaugh's nomination” by any means possible, “pushed for FBI investigations into the allegations.”
Smith says that in order to get voters on board with Gillum’s fairy tale platform, the campaign must “whip” lower income individuals “into a frenzy.”
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
This time, an email chain has emerged showing senior company executives pressing for the company to sway Latino voters to back Hillary Clinton.
You may opt out at anytime.
And outside it.
We'll see if these countries stop the migrants or if it continues to the border.
Yet even the alleged theft has not resulted in criminal charges — even though the letter also says House authorities have “purchase orders and vouchers” that allegedly show procurement fraud, as well as testimony from a Democratic chief of staff to Rep. Yvette Clarke, who warned of procurement fraud.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Fourthly, there was NO report of the man “exhibiting violent behavior,” as the police sergeant claims.
Anyone attempting to do this are Bad Nuns [insert string of incomprehensible papal insults here.]
When Cain took it upon himself to inflict death on his brother Abel “in the field,” he soon learned that God furthermore reserved the exercise of this right to himself alone.
A day after Florida’s election left top state races too close to call, a Democratic party leader directed staffers and volunteers to share altered election forms with voters to fix signature problems on absentee ballots after the state’s deadline.
In fact, the Gulf of Tonkin incident, as it became known, turned out to be a fictitious creation courtesy of the government to escalate war in Vietnam — leading to the deaths of tens of thousands of U.S. troops and millions of Vietnamese, fomenting the largest anti-war movement in American history, and tarnishing the reputation of a nation once considered at least somewhat noble in the eyes of the world.
He will then be extradited from London to the USA on charges of espionage.
In Oct. 1945 he became head of the Church in Hungary and spoke out just as strongly against Communist oppression.
Bruce Thornton is a Shillman Journalism Fellow at the David Horowitz Freedom Center.
The nominee and Republican senators used the opportunity to attack desperate Democrats for their efforts at character assassination.
The forums ensure students are actively engaged in their education as well as give them an opportunity to interact with their peers outside of a formal setting.
By passing along the warning, Mayor Schaaf was tipping off criminals committing a felony.
Dale Holeness, who is the Broward County Commissioner and also works on Gillum’s campaign, explains Gillum’s gun control views:
The real "Mr. Conservative" was a true profile in courage.
He indicated he was keeping an open mind about the allegations but that it was "very hard for me to imagine anything happened" between her and the nominee.
I contrast this frightening comment with those coming from the man immediately responsible for “Cor orans,” Cardinal João Braz de Aviz, the Brazilian prefect of the Congregation for Institutes of Consecrated Life and Societies of Apostolic Life in a speech to religious formation directors in 2015, in which he laid out pretty clearly what was coming in this piece of legislation, 3 years later.
Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court?
A federal judge on Monday ordered U.S. immigration officials to delay any efforts to deport 51 Indonesians living illegally in New Hampshire so the group can have time to argue that changing conditions in that country would make it dangerous to return... Federal law gives authority over immigration matters to the executive branch, not the courts.
That said, on average the disease kills around half of those who contract it.
“Where is the Russian Collusion?” Trump added.
Trump also encouraged the crowd to vote for Mike Braun for US Senate.
In 1994 Kasper was inserted into the Vatican Curia by being named co-chair of the International Commission for Lutheran-Catholic Dialogue.
Perhaps the most succinct refutation of this idea comes from the Anti-Defamation League (ADL), which writes:
They distributed is as a factual account.
the hat ).
So close is he to McCarrick that Farrell’s coat of arms, as Elizabeth Yore reported in these pages, is not much more than a tribute to his belatedly-disgraced mentor.
in formation[3]: 8
Texas teen says he had drink thrown at him at Whataburger because he was wearing pro-Trump hat
Dario Vigano, prefect of the Secretariat for Communications, the former pope reportedly offers an impassioned defense of Pope Francis against the claim that he lacks theological and philosophical formation.
How many people are likely to apply for naturalisation under CAA?
The email was forwarded to Google vice presidents and other staff members throughout the company, Carlson said.
House investigators found the House server was being used for nefarious purposes and the alleged Muslim spies were removing information and sending it for foreign actors.
Dennis Bernstein: We continue our discussion of the case of Julian Assange, now in the Ecuadorian embassy in Great Britain.
If the school exercise is requiring students to write it, it should be clear from the wording of the exercise that this is Islamic faith, not the student’s faith.
Does it have any precedent in Catholic history?
3 Hispanic men.
The next article tells us, “It is the responsibility of the Holy See to evaluate the presence of these requisites.” Do they have an electronic meter in a cupboard in the Congregation for Religious that measures “charism vitality”?
I will likewise hold every man studying for the priesthood for our diocese accountable to living a chaste and celibate life as part of his formation for the priesthood.
A well-placed source has told the Guardian that Manafort went to see Assange around March 2016.
Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back?
Kavanaugh immediately responded to Grassley.
“I didn’t think it was going to generate the amount like what people are doing, I was looking at the comments by some people and ‘they are like this is uncalled for’ and other people are like mixed opinions but I didn’t think it would blow up to what it is now,” he said to News-4 San Antonio.
It’s like Facebook without the data breaches and censorship.
Although he knew that he was a corrupt man, he covered for him to the bitter end; indeed, he made McCarrick’s advice his own, which was certainly not inspired by sound intentions and for love of the Church.
Meanwhile, Said Khecharem and other Islamic spokesmen openly call for Muslims to engage in jihad conquest.
After that, Murillo says she cannot communicate with key organizers of the effort by Google and its partners—a project known as HOLA—because she is afraid of secret pro-Trump spies on the listservs created.
What led him there?
These animals then infect other tree-dwelling creatures such as monkeys.
Setting the job count at 100.0 for both native-born and immigrants in January 2009, immigrant employment ticked up to 102.9 in May—am increase of 2.9%.
Neither Patel and nor AAA could immediately be reached for comment.
Some on the right have connected the attack to Maxine Waters’ call for Democrats to confront members of the Trump administration whenever, and wherever they happened to find them.
HANNITY: Do believe or you know?
We were expected for all those years to pretend we were in the “New Springtime of Vatican II,” while we watched these wolves in shepherds’ clothing eating the sheep.
The American people deserve the truth varied our security was compromised, we import uranium, because we don’t have enough.
Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Trump did not directly answer a Fox News interviewer’s question about whether he intends to fire Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who is overseeing the special counsel investigation, after November’s congressional elections.
What happens next?
Robert Spencer is the director of Jihad Watch and author of the New York Times bestsellers The Politically Incorrect Guide to Islam (and the Crusades) and The Truth About Muhammad.
It’s a cracker state,” Smith says, explaining that a progressive agenda cannot pass and using a racial slur against white voters.
We need to start working together with faithful priests – while there still are some – to help them create practical material alternatives.
The FBI arrested Imran at the airport in July 2017 for alleged bank fraud that occurred six months prior, and Democrats have since claimed that the case is about nothing but bank fraud.
Trump’s mention of 17 prosecution lawyers is a reference to what he claims is an abundance of Democrats on Mueller’s staff.
Blind, the old Cardinal largely utilized his secretary to write his interventions.
If both rates persist that long, the term “native born” will refer to a minuscule fraction of the U.S. population.
[2] Worth remembering, however, is the fact that it was Benedict the “conservative,” not Francis, who appointed Braz de’ Aviz in the office to replace Cardinal Rode – presumably under that good old “conservative” rubric of the “big umbrella” – under whom these culpably belated attempts to save US religious life were started.
They are contrary to the natural law.
Cardinals Edwin Frederick O’Brien and Renato Raffaele Martino also belong to the same current, albeit with a different ideology.
Yet given all the years that have passed, would it be possible to find anyone who remembers being at that party?
It did what it is designed to do.
Many nations, notably England, France, Sweden, South Africa and our neighbors Canada and Mexico, have abolished the death penalty altogether.
Q. Do you think before doing any count on citizens, India needs to have a policy on stateless people? Is building detention centre the solution?
The last outbreak occurred in the northern Bas Uele province in 2017.
— John T. Bennett
That the most prolific serial predator Cardinal would divulge the pre-Conclave Bergoglio plot to “reform the Church.” Now we know what “reform the Church” looks like in the Bergoglian papacy.
It will be addressed quickly and justly.
She is currently in ICE custody pending removal proceedings.
* Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker
Targeting and holding responsible gun dealers who break the law by knowingly selling guns to straw purchasers; Banning Assault Weapons and Large-Capacity Magazines, including: Reinstating a strengthened, effective ban on military-style assault weapons, such as AK-47s, and their component parts; and
On Monday, they began floating a scenario — initially adopted by Trump — that blamed the murder inside the consulate on “rogue killers,” and then suggested the writer was accidentally killed during an interrogation that went awry.
Let's see it.
Additionally, Trump said that Donnelly voted to provide free health care to illegal aliens and sponsored Senator Dianne Feinstein's (D-CA) "Open Borders Bill."
As Delegate for Pontifical Representations in the Secretariat of State, my responsibilities were not limited to the Apostolic Nunciatures, but also included the staff of the Roman Curia (hires, promotions, informational processes on candidates to the episcopate, etc.)
Student organizers boot SNL writer from stage during standup routine for jokes deemed offensive
Christ will never abandon His Church!
If it were bright enough, the Andromeda Galaxy would appear larger than the Moon in the sky (as depicted above), even with it being much farther away.
“There is a viable opposition to the rule of the ayatollahs, and that opposition is centered in this room today.
There are people in Congress who don’t think they’ve gotten a straight answer from them.
A former Navy sailor who is one of five people to receive a pardon from President Donald Trump is planning to file a lawsuit against Obama administration officials, alleging that he was subject to unequal protection of the law.
Deep State officials like ex-CIA chief John Brennan are in panic mode.
The prospect that the Democrats will take the Senate, albeit thin, is realistic, and so they will do whatever is necessary in order to make sure that there is a ninth member of the court there by the time a Democratic majority could take over in the Senate in January.”
What didn’t emerge was the whole conflict of interest in this hearing.
Certainly, those who are furthering the Islamization of the schools would deny that they would like to see Islamic law implemented in the United States, and would indignantly reject the claim that their efforts were furthering that end in any way.
Since Kavanaugh has denied the story, however, the question of whether the event is so egregious that it should disqualify him is moot.
Vietnam was meant to be the open war but really it wasn’t.
What you want to do is destroy this guy's life, hold this seat open and hope you win in 2020.”
In 2015, Carmelite monasteries received a questionnaire from the Father General Fr.
Whether they heard anything or not, the consequences have been unmistakable — symptoms ranging from nosebleeds, nausea, dizziness and severe headaches to mild brain damage and permanent hearing or memory loss.
They gave this jihadi unfettered access to national security secrets.
“We learned about the Israelites and how they are being persecuted by the Romans.
Cardinal Angelo Sodano was Secretary of State until September 2006: all information [concerning McCarrick] was communicated to him.
Their findings, Pompeo said, “will be transparent for everyone to see, to ask questions about, to inquire with respect to its thoroughness.”
There is no absolutes with these people.
Additionally, the group called for steps it said would protect young people — like opposing letting teachers and other non-law enforcement personnel be armed in K-12 schools — and cited incidents like February’s mass shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, as impetus for its push.
Molester McCarrick: I don’t think so.
How the government will stop people from obtaining these printers isn’t exactly obvious.
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
You may opt out at anytime.
I have recently had the opportunity to talk directly with our seminarians about these very pressing matters, and I have begun to, and will continue to, talk with the priests of the diocese, as well as the faithful, in person and through my weekly column and homilies, making things as clear as I can, from my perspective.
Abid’s attorney James Bacon mocked the elderly, burka-clad widow, who does not drive and speaks only Uurdu.
They want candidates like Ilhan Omar.
Beyond gestures, North Korea’s leader certainly came out ahead.
A government statement released Tuesday states that the Ministry of Health has "taken all necessary measures to respond promptly and effectively to this new epidemic of Ebola in the DRC's national territory".
Maybe it's the authorities who are insane.
Enforcement activities took place primarily in Berrien, Kalamazoo, St. Joseph, and Van Buren counties.
The numbers are absolutely dismal.
Moreover, in recent months Iranian policy--suspending patrol boat harassment of U.S. warships--appears crafted to ease tensions and provide no new causes for Trump to abandon the nuclear deal Prime Minister Hassan Rouhani regards as his legacy.
He was placed in a psychiatric hospital for weeks after his arrest in the April 2017 killing despite having no history of mental illness.
So, despite Google’s best efforts to help Clinton win the election, it simply wasn’t enough.
It really does seem that Strzok, an agent who had a personal pro-Hillary bias, was the person who pushed to let her off the hook by focusing on her intent rather than her negligence setting up the server in the first place.
SHTFPlan originally detailed the symptoms experienced by US diplomats in Cuba back in September of 2017.
Associates and relatives have long accused the family of green.
US embassy worker in China suffers 'brain injury' amid 'sonic attack' fears
This is the same Farrakhan with whom then-Sen. Barack Obama took a photo at a 2005 Congressional Black Caucus meeting, a photo that was subsequently suppressed in order to protect Obama's political future.
As an outsider, a regular Joe American, this is what I see: Trump nominates a very well known, well-established judge to the supreme court.
None of these are eligible asylum claims, Breitbart reports.
Globalist billionaire George Soros is backing attorney’s who are helping the Central American migrant caravans that are headed to the United States border with the intent of entering under the guise of seeking asylum.
Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
In addition, I ask that all priests, clergy, religious, and diocesan employees join me in observing the upcoming Autumn Ember Days (Sep. 19, 21, and 22) as days of fasting and abstinence in reparation for the sins and outrages committed by members of the clergy and episcopacy and I invite all the faithful to do the same.
“I won't even say anything about France and Holland, but even the born Germans are being forced back from most large German cities as migrants always occupy big cities first.”
28:18) after His Resurrection.
We want them to correct the wrong.” Daigle said that a notice about the pending lawsuit was sent to the Department of Justice and others included in it in December.
Patel was one of the main events promoted beforehand.
In its FAQs, the PIB said: “If it is implemented, it does not mean that anyone will be asked for proof of being Indian… Just like we present our identity cards or any other document for registering our names in the voter list or getting Aadhaar Card made, similar documents shall need to be provided for NRC, as and when it is carried out,” it said.
They have yet to come to grips with the fact that “extremism” is and always has been so distressingly widespread in Muslim communities.
That's serious all right.
And we aren't just talking a rigid looking one-shot handgun.
Rep. Ron DeSantis (R-FL) accuses the Republican House leadership of dragging their heels in the Spygate investigation.
Every other Muslim terrorist or killer in Europe has his actions blamed on mental illness or drug use.
The warning put fresh pressure on European leaders to keep the nuclear accord alive despite Mr. Trump’s withdrawal.
take our poll - story continues below
When a small outbreak hit the DRC last year, eight people were infected and four died.
“Lisa” presumably refers to Lisa Gevelber, the vice president of Global Marketing for Google—who forwarded Murillo’s entire four-page email to several other Google executives in another chain also obtained by Breitbart News in which Gevelber praises Murillo’s activities with official company resources as having made a “great difference.” “Philipp” presumably refers to Philipp Schindler, a senior vice president and Google’s chief business officer per his LinkedIn page.
In percentage terms, the immigrant working-age population grew 3.24% over the 12 months.
He has had a relentless cough, but is not even allowed safe passage to and from a hospital for an X-ray.
It is not a vaccine – it is a therapeutic drug.
Native employment ticked down to 97.5—a 2.5% decline.
It's no longer about truth and justice.
The Pentagon is not eager to tangle with the tough North Koreans.
The U.S. response was a barrage of air and artillery strikes that killed 100 soldiers.
Depending on an alien’s criminality, an alien who re-enters the United States after having been previously deported commits a felony punishable by up to 20 years in federal prison, if convicted.
"I’ve done everything they have requested and will continue to cooperate."
While overall wage growth remains modest – 2.5% per annum in December – Blue collar workers have beat this by a wide margin:
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
"There should be an immediate investigation" of Swetnick’s dramatic allegations, Avenatti said on MSNBC, "and there should be no rush to confirm him to the U.S. Supreme Court."
These people listened to the more powerful governments.
“My conviction and subsequent sentence for a minor military infraction compared to the treatment of politically connected individuals is a glaring example of a violation of the rights of all Americans to have equal protection under the law.”
This is, indeed, a new fashion.
I share Pope Paul IV’s view.
Giuliani added, “I’ve looked at all those tweets and they don’t amount to anything.”
Unlike the politicians who attempt to undermine ICE’s critical mission, our officers will continue to fulfill their sworn duty to protect public safety.
It would continue to be dealt out to men by other men on earth, with only one significant change: Henceforth it would be administered under the authority of the glorified man who is Christ the King, as part and parcel of that universal power “in heaven and on earth” which He received from His Father (Matt.
The government has also agreed to pay a significant portion of the plaintiffs’ attorney’s fees, and to return $10,000 in State Department registration dues paid by Defense Distributed as a result of the prior restraint.
Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court?
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
Meanwhile, we must refocus our energy on the Faith itself, instead of the physical and even canonical structures that house it.
By comparison VDAWDI, calculated using Hispanic and non-Hispanic employment figures, rose by 3.3% over the same period.
On December 9, when Home Minister Amit Shah told Parliament that a nationwide NRC is on the cards, he distinguished it from the new citizenship law and said the NRC will have no religious filter. It is unclear if the government will bring in a fresh law to mandate a nationwide NRC. A list of FAQs put out by the Press Information Bureau of the government clarifies “it is important to know that, at the national level, no announcement has been made to begin NRC”. The NRC exercise, as Shah has repeatedly said, is to identify illegal immigrants from Indian citizens.
“The U.S. Conference of Mayors will continue doing everything in our power to keep our communities safe so that children and families are able to live free of the fear of being gunned down.”
Number of nuns: 60
“We want children staying together,” Trump said, blasting the New York Times report that said he didn't really want to sign his executive order last week that would keep families together in detention while they awaited the judicial process.
Ebola virus disease, which most commonly affects people and nonhuman primates (monkeys, gorillas and chimpanzees), is caused by one of five Ebola viruses.
are available from Amazon.com.
The New VDARE American Worker Displacement Index (NVDAWDI), our term for the ratio of immigrant to native-born employment growth indexes, fell to 117.0 from the all-time high,123.0, recorded in April.
Winters issues the dire warning that “A putsch is afoot and if the U.S. bishops do not, as a body, stand up to defend the Holy Father in the next 24 hours, we shall be slipping towards schism long before the bishops’ meeting in November.
You are called to serve Christ’s people, beginning with praying daily the Liturgy of the Hours.
For example, he quotes 5:51 -- “You who believe, do not take the Jews and Christians as allies” (p. 114) -- but he nonetheless concludes, after ten pages of tu quoque arguments and other legerdemain, that “the Qur’an is fraternal in its treatment of other faiths” (p. 124).
First the Dems demanded that Ford, a long-time Democrat activist, “be heard.” So last week the Chairman of Judiciary Committee, Chuck Grassley, granted another deadline extension for Ford to decide whether to testify before the Committee on Monday.
Julian is also seen as defying a system and that is just not acceptable.
“For the sake of money they would have done anything,” Gilani’s cousin, Syed Ahmed, told the Daily Mail.
One in what is now Nzara in South Sudan.
History was made on December 9, 2019 when the Lok Sabha passed the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) with an overwhelming majority of 311 votes to 80 votes. Again, on December 11, after a 9 hour long, intense debate, the Rajya Sabha passed the CAB with 125-105 votes. Needless to add, the passage of CAB by the Indian Parliament, which represents the will of India's 1.3 billion citizens, is the biggest endorsement that this landmark bill, has both its head and heart in the right place. What then, explains the protests in Bengal, Gaya, Jaffarabad, Seelampur and other parts of Delhi? The Q&A format below exposes the maliciously false narrative surrounding the CAB and concludes that the CAA and NRC exercises are pathbreaking in their intent and ethos and will further cement the vision of an empowered India, under the invincible Modi-Shah duo.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
Some wondered if Bolton and perhaps Pompeo were trying to sabotage the North Korea deal.
McMaster subscribed to the Obama view that Islamic terrorism has nothing to do with Islam, despite the numerous Islamic texts and teachings that incite Muslims to wage war against unbelievers.
The Pulitzer Prize this year was awarded to The New York Times and The Washington Post for witch-hunting around Russia-gate!
Likewise, Nuncio Sambi transmitted to the Cardinal Secretary of State, Tarcisio Bertone, an Indictment Memorandum against McCarrick by the priest Gregory Littleton of the diocese of Charlotte, who was reduced to the lay state for a violation of minors, together with two documents from the same Littleton, in which he recounted his tragic story of sexual abuse by the then-Archbishop of Newark and several other priests and seminarians.
Hence the widespread virtue-signaling on the part even of conservative writers who preface their comments about Ford and Ramirez with prologues full of truisms about how horrible sexual assault is, how its self-proclaimed victims “must be heard,” and how churlish and sexist it is to question the truth of any charge.
Appointing her to the UN would give Trump, Jeb Bush's policies.
Rich Penkoski, a Christian parent and founder of online ministry Warriors for Christ, raised alarms over a packet on Islam his daughter’s seventh grade social studies teacher issued to students, according to Christian Post.
And he said unto him, Oh let not the Lord be angry, and I will speak: Peradventure there shall thirty be found there.
Still, Trump went all-in with a new intensity on Wednesday, opening up on Mueller and his team with both barrels of his massive Twitter following.
The Islamization of the Public Schools
That sounds wonderful, and certainly pleasing to multicultural ears to learn that the Qur’an is more merciful than the New Testament.
Enough is enough!!!
Sen. Lindsey Graham to committee Democrats: "This is the most unethical sham since I've been in politics...Boy, y'all want power.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
What we do know so far tends to undercut the credibility of Ms. Ford’s accusation.
Leo, as John Rao observes, was the first in a line of Popes who “took charge of the movement of innovative Christian restoration” which included a breaking of the dominance of Roman nobility over papal elections.
One thing we know for sure is that, despite this lifting of Jamie’s ban, Facebook and the leftist totalitarians in other social media venues and in the culture at large will continue their unrelenting effort to suffocate dissent and conservative voices.
Trump also threatened to stop all federal foreign aid payments to Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador if the countries failed to block the flow of illegal immigrants and blamed Democrats for rejecting a reform of immigration laws allowing them to claim asylum.
We were aware that we were not dealing with a simple matter, but we think that, in view of our present situation today, we do not have much choice.
For their sake, let’s hope it works better than this year’s flu vaccine.
Rather than “young clergy marked by personal sanctity,” the neo-Catholic mentality Faggioli exemplifies prefers that homosexual priests and bishops be kept in place in order to continue the “dialogue with modern culture.” It is not the integrity of the Faith that matters but only perpetuation of the post-conciliar regime of novelty.
However, when it is time for them to put boots on the ground, they are simply missing in action (MIA).
Personal Liberty Poll Exercise your right to vote.
Yeah, that's gonna keep people safe.
The number of vocations has diminished quickly and the numbers increased of those who have left during formation and during the first years of solemn profession.
The meeting covered Carmels of the Teresian, Discalced, reform from Germany, five areas of Spain, three from France, Great Britain, Ireland, Italy, the Netherlands, Austria, Croatia and the Holy Land [1] .
2 p. 229)
So, someone in a journalistic capacity might want to be asking a few questions about these things too.
That was in part because it would have been damaging to Obama.
Jean-Clément Jeanbart, the Melkite Greek Catholic Archbishop of Aleppo, gave an interview to a French reporter in which he was highly critical of the mainstream media and even of his fellow bishops for ignoring the Muslim persecution of Middle Eastern Christians.
In my new book The History of Jihad From Muhammad to ISIS , I detail many instances in which Muslims did exactly that.
Hardly an encouragement for North Korea.
Trump calls on Sessions to stop Mueller’s Russia probe, raising specter of attempted obstruction
[my emphasis] Francis is abdicating the mandate which Christ gave to Peter to confirm the brethren.
Strangely, Ford has a bad long-term memory and a bad short-term memory.
Is it more likely than not that the allegation is true?
I'm not sure if he should have.
Not happy with the trap he had set for me on June 23, 2013, when he asked me about McCarrick, only a few months later, in the audience he granted me on October 10, 2013, Pope Francis set a second one for me, this time concerning a second of his protégés, Cardinal Donald Wuerl.
* Yes, he will be confirmed.
This is about justice.
President Trump is taking the high road and is avoiding attacking Ford, which isn’t a risky move given how obviously unbalanced the accuser is.
Simply put, they’ve got to stop being materially dependent on the hierarchy.
Monastery sui juris refers to the religious house of a female monastic community that, having the requisites for real autonomy of life, was legitimately erected by the Holy See and enjoys juridical autonomy under the law.
Guardian ups its vilification of Julian Assange
Moreover, this report did not address whether the Department of Justice or FBI abused the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act to obtain a surveillance order against former Trump campaign advisor Carter Page, or the government’s reliance on former British intelligence agent Christopher Steele’s salacious and unverified “dossier” in its FISA court application, which the OIG is investigating separately.
Perhaps not so coincidentally, Meyer worked in the Bill Clinton administration’s speech-writing office of then first-lady Hillary Clinton.
The woman says she has had to undergo psychological treatment as a result of the incident.
• In September of 2016 … the CHA and [IG] briefed the former Chairman of the Democratic Caucus about suspicious activity related to their server that the [IG] identified.
Pyongyang has not even begun to raise these issues.
“I wish I did!” he wrote.
The woman claimed a man became extremely angry at her teenage son and his group of friends because one of them wore a “Make American Great Again” hat, KENS5 reported.
To recap, the formerly terrorist-classified organization MEK, trained in the US and granted special privilege status by then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in 2012—which has since been heavily funded to refine their image by having famous US neoconservative war hawks from both sides of the isle actually chant for “regime change” on their behalf—is now the darling child of the neocon agenda and the impetus behind what could kick of World War 3.
When he created the commission, Francis said: “The commission’s specific task is to propose to me the most opportune initiatives for protecting minors and vulnerable adults, in order that we may do everything possible to ensure that crimes such as those which have occurred are no longer repeated in the Church.”
Also read: India’s Muslims are Asserting their Citizenship, in Whatever Clothes They Want to Wear
Editors’ note: In light of the skyrocketing phenomenon of Muslim migrants stabbing unbelievers in random stabbing sprees in Europe, as well as the calculated denial that leaders, authorities and media are enforcing about it, Frontpage has deemed it important to bring attention to the crucial steps America and the West must take to robustly confront the unceasing onslaught by Jihad and its leftist enablers.
For over a week, the country has witnessed widespread protests against the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA), especially in combination with the proposed all-India National Register of Citizens (NRC). Indians are debating what the combination means for various sections, and discussing why Muslims, in particular, are worried.
But before Francis resigns, we the Catholic faithful demand that he also remove from the College of Cardinals those who conspired even before the 2013 conclave to make Jorge Mario Bergoglio pope come hell or high water.
What had a quarter century of Bushite free trade produced?
Political parties can get daily lists of people who had their mail-in ballots rejected.
[…] “Was there annihilation?
Trump is simply asking for full transparency, in what has become a two year, multi-million dollar witch hunt, to find collusion where there is none.
take our poll - story continues below
The twelfth-century Muslim historian Ibn Baydhaq detailed how the Almohads treated the Jews as they advanced:
Two cases of Ebola have been confirmed in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), according to a government health official.
This is a national disgrace, the way you're being treated.”
The revelations about Law, who died in December, emboldened abuse victims across the country and world, who began speaking up about the priests who had molested them.
Note the change: “independent” is replaced with “isolated[5].” It reminds me of a conversation I had with a superior of a Benedictine house in the UK.
But the rates have varied from 25 percent to 90 percent in recent outbreaks.
The accuser’s name is Christine Blasey Ford, a registered Democrat who is currently a California professor teaching clinical psychology.
J. Adam Skaggs, the chief counsel for the Giffords Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence, said the administration “capitulated in a case it had won at every step of the way.
“Remember our saying, modern-day fairy tales start with ‘once I am elected,'” Smith says.
Vatican watchers believe the pope was influenced by Chilean Cardinal Francisco Javier Errazuriz, a member of the G9 group who has backed Barros and reportedly helped block moves to make Cruz a member of the abuse commission.
A crook and an economic Leftist, who betrayed Taiwan for the People’s Republic; his record certainly isn’t good.
The Household Survey reported 103,000 jobs were created last month—well below the 148,000 figure found by the far more widely-cited Payroll Survey.
He was suspended from Facebook for 30 days on Sept. 11, the anniversary of the Islamic jihadist attack on America that killed nearly 3,000.
Haters of Judge Kavanaugh are turning the process of Senate confirmation of a Supreme Court nominee into something worse than a travesty.
She was previously convicted of child neglect and was sentenced to a year in jail.
The president slammed Avenatti.
No one should be facing penury and permanent unemployment because he’s a faithful Catholic.
This willful ignorance leads to a diversion and waste of resources that is astronomical and catastrophic.
“The V4 is firm, Croatia has come around, Austria has turned in the patriotic direction, and in Bavaria the CSU has created a resistance.”
Feminists gave the serial sexual predator Bill Clinton a free pass because his policies were in line with their ideology.
In the memo, Congress’s top law enforcement official, Sergeant-at-Arms Paul Irving, along with Chief Administrative Officer Phil Kiko, wrote, “We have concluded that the employees [Democratic systems administrator Imran Awan and his family] are an ongoing and serious risk to the House of Representatives, possibly threatening the integrity of our information systems and thereby members’ capacity to serve constituents.”
The replies haven’t topped out yet, at 121, nearly all of them expressing outrage at this cavalier attitude toward the revelation that Cardinal McCarrick has been proven to be a life-long homosexual rapist and sexual predator, grooming and trapping young men and children into unwanted sexual contact; and that nearly the entire episcopate of the United States either colluded directly or kept quiet about it.
“When Kavanaugh is on the Supreme Court, undermining our #4thAmendment right against unreasonable searches and seizures, it will be too late for others to join me.”
Agents positively identified the subject as Jose Rodriguez-Lopez and noted a MS-503 Gang tattoo across his chest.
D'Souza was sentenced in 2014 to five years of probation after he pleaded guilty to violating federal election law by making illegal contributions to a U.S. Senate campaign in the names of others.
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Nigel Farage has become just another mainstream hack politician.
Bishop Morlino Targets ‘Homosexual Subculture’ in the Church, Calls for Reparation to Sacred Heart of Jesus
Ottaviani, Frings sustained his critique.
That’s even lower than the “probable cause” standard for obtaining a search warrant.
The agencies are likely to cite national security concerns over revealing classified “sources and methods” pertaining to the Russia investigation – which will put them in direct conflict with Trump’s order.
An anonymous woman wrote to Sen. Cory Gardner’s (R-Colo.) office on Sept. 22 alleging that the Supreme Court nominee shoved another woman “up against the wall very aggressively and sexually” in 1998 after leaving a bar where both had been drinking, the transcript states.
No, keep the military out of it.
The Democrats are criminal, treasonous and sleazy.
I don’t have to explain myself to you.
pic.twitter.com/oJ33Dn1CFB — IFRC Africa (@IFRCAfrica) May 13, 2018
Here's an example of his work:
“The problem of clergy abuse,” she wrote, “cannot be resolved simply by the resignation of some bishops, and even less so by bureaucratic directives.
through the action of the Federation, as established by the Federal Assembly The foundation of a monastery of nuns, keeping in mind what is established in no.
Mueller has an interest in creating the illusion of objectivity around his investigation.” ALAN DERSHOWITZ — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 1, 2018
Barack Hussein Obama Hid Efforts to Aid Iran’s Windfall
These ballots would have been flagged for missing information or for being filled out with incorrect information.
“As part of this operation, we continue focus on the arrest of individuals who are criminal aliens and public safety threats.
Scanlan said Pope Francis has given him hope for progress on some issues in the church, but on sexual abuse, he “continues to be blind to what the church has done.”
I responded with, "Of course they did, and of course they still do."
I am hearing lately from laymen who are starting to talk about setting up financial structures to ensure that the authentic Catholic life can be maintained through what is obviously soon to be a general collapse of the institution.
The Military continues to put up razor wire at the border in San Ysidro as a migrant caravan is expected to reach Tijuana.
The Washington Free Beacon reports:
The commission was behind Francis’ decision in 2015 to create a new tribunal to judge bishops caught covering up for abusive priests, and to fund it for five years.
Instead, the left and right are involved in a mudslinging orgy of victim shaming and kangaroo courts.
The CIA Inspector General subsequently vindicated him.
Eventually, Kobili Traore is claimed to have shouted that the woman was “mad and about to commit suicide”, and threw her out of the window.
What’s worrisome is that the most recent WHO update says that there are two probable cases at Wangata – which is very close to Mbandaka.
Ah, yes, John Bolton.
Even Sundar gave the effort a shout out and a comment in Spanish, which was really special.
In response, Clinton defamed Assange, an Australian citizen, as “very clearly a tool of Russian intelligence” and “a nihilistic opportunist who does the bidding of a dictator”.
As I have said previously, St. Thomas Aquinas said that hatred of wickedness actually belongs to the virtue of charity.
Syed Muzaffar Shah Qadri’s preaching of hatred and jihad violence was so hardline that he was banned from preaching in Pakistan, but the UK Home Office welcomed him into Britain.
In November 2000, Nunzio Montalvo sent him his report, passing on to him the aforementioned letter from Father Boniface Ramsey in which he denounced the serious abuses committed by McCarrick.
“‘Take the guns first, go through due process second,’ Trump said.
Some clustered around volunteer American lawyers who arrived at the shelter to explain the basics of asylum law.
On December 24, 2019, Scroll posted a graphic on Instagram which maps anti-CAA protests around the world, based on data collected by students of the Oxford University.
I do not believe the death penalty is necessary in 90 percent of the cases where it is applied.
Washington insiders still believe Kavanaugh will be confirmed, or at least they did before the two new accusers popped up.
JP: Everything comes down to the relationship with the United States.
take our poll - story continues below
Giuliani shares with numerous other neocons like John Bolton a strong relationship with this group.
The new foreign secretary of the United Kingdom, Jeremy Hunt, said sarcastically that the British police would offer Julian “a warm welcome” when he came out, when he would face serious charges.
As for the question of her “intent,” Horowitz said it arose “months earlier,” maybe in 2015, though he couldn’t be sure.
9 Steps to Successfully Counter Jihad.
This letter and these statements and promises are not intended to be an exhaustive list of what we can and need to do in the Church to begin to heal from, and stave off, this deep illness in the Church, but rather the next steps I believe we can take locally.
On Monday, President Donald Trump proposed what he sees as an ideal immigration plan during a meeting with the King and Queen of Jordan at the White House.
Judge Kavanaugh should have to prove that he is not guilty, they are in effect insisting.
Powell should not be at the NSC, where she replaced K.T.
Let us all pray for the Church and for the Pope, let us remember how many times he has asked us to pray for him!
Who is the real Joseph Ratzinger?
That at what time ye hear the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, dulcimer, and all kinds of musick, ye fall down and worship the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar the king hath set up:
At least the investigation seems somewhat manageable.
Why are your bishops silent on a threat that is yours today as well?
The power that the Supreme Court has, some would argue, is greater in certain aspects than that of the president himself.
But over what?
This is the result: Useful Idiots such as Kyrsten Sinema end up promoting the likes of Lynne Stewart, who was convicted of aiding the jihad mass murder plotting of the Blind Sheikh, Omar Abdel Rahman, who masterminded the 1993 World Trade Center.
(To learn why David Horowitz is one of the central targets of the Left, make sure to watch this video).
pic.twitter.com/1UDRxSZXE1 — Kyle Morris (@RealKyleMorris) November 1, 2018
This prompted the Honduran Foreign Ministry to urge its citizens not to join the group, according to Reuters.
Democratic gubernatorial candidate Andrew Gillum and others are expressing outrage at the special provision made for these voters.
It has been observed recently that the Opposition, for various reasons, has defined Article 14 in a parochial manner. It has not taken into consideration the larger scope and realistic reference in respect of this Article. The Supreme Court, in one of its rulings, has already observed that the right to equality under Article 14 is quite large in its scope. We also have to understand that CAA 2019 has been introduced on serious humanitarian considerations. The minority communities facing persecution in their countries had no option other than seeking refuge in India.
Federation of monasteries means a structure of communion among some autonomous monasteries of the same Institute [4] , erected by the Holy See that approves the Statutes, so that in sharing the same charism, the federated monasteriesand promote regular observance and contemplative life.
-0.8% Employed 117,372 117,812 440 0.4% Employment/population % 58.1% 58.0% -0.1%pt.
The allegations in that trial, which began Tuesday, are related to Manafort’s financial dealings long before he was involved in the 2016 election cycle.
“Path taken: For 15 years they have organized formation courses: on-going & initial formation, and for formators.
Are you thoroughly disgusted by this farce?
And their New Church is the only one left.
Later Wednesday, Pompeo said during a refueling stopover in Brussels that Erdogan had informed him the Saudis were cooperating with the Turkish investigation “after a couple of delays.”
Q. What's your view on the argument that India must have a count of the residents-named as National Population Register in India-for security purposes and for delivering welfare schemes?
Andy Warhol was only half-right.
And the forces that pushed up into those conflicts, and so disillusioned the nation that it elected Barack Obama, are back, pushing for a new war, on Iran.
Though Abid played a prominent role in the late-2016 IG report, he has not been arrested, with congressmen saying a criminal investigation is ongoing.
Moreover, it was Bergoglio’s right hand man, Cardinal Maradiaga, who sheltered his friend, Juan José Pineda, auxiliary Bishop of Tegucigalpa, from any discipline over his notorious homosexual liaisons with seminarians in that diocese.
Despite a reply by Card.
Oh how times have changed.
On multiple occasions, Kavanaugh has been the lone voice when it comes supporting the state’s rights to warrantlessly spy on its citizens.
Mr. Horowitz’s report thus concluded, “We did not identify evidence of bias or improper considerations.” This conclusion defies common sense.
Nevertheless, one should wish for Cardinal Marx, Bishop Bode, and Professor Chiodi that they sleep well.
9 Steps to Successfully Counter Jihad
Audience: "…America" pic.twitter.com/p0qGfHHfg0 — Sobhan Hassanvand (@Hassanvand) November 4, 2018
Pope Benedict had imposed on Cardinal McCarrick sanctions similar to those now imposed on him by Pope Francis: the Cardinal was to leave the seminary where he was living, he was forbidden to celebrate [Mass] in public, to participate in public meetings, to give lectures, to travel, with the obligation of dedicating himself to a life of prayer and penance.
The idea that an ecumenical council of the Catholic Church would openly seek to “bring itself up to date” is ridiculous.
That is, Fisher was not concerned about Bergoglio’s relentless assault on traditional Catholic teaching and practice—to her, opposition to Francis on that account is just “ideology”—but only his role in covering up sexual abuse by bishops and priests.
On June 14, 2016 Powell participated in a Summit known as the United State of Women(USW), which meshed nicely with her pet project.
A few observations are in order here:
But several people who had followed the Russiagate fairytale and the Mueller investigation were immediately suspicious of the Guardian claim.
In the continuing analysis that will follow this article, we can see that the purpose of this document is to fulfill the totalitarian fantasies of the anti-Catholic revolutionaries, now nearing the end of their lives 50 years after their initial near-triumph.
Monday's headline on The Wall Street Journal op-ed page blared:
Ford said no and that was it.
Is it out of an earnest desire to display a misguided sense of being “pastoral?” Have we covered over the truth out of fear?
Disgusting that she continues to move and speak freely in this country with no justice being brought to bear on her for her many crimes, something we were promised from then-candidate Trump.
She failed to lay a glove on a witness whose implausible, internally contradictory story cried out for vigorous cross-examination.
average age: 66
“Soros has antagonized not only us but also England, President Trump and Israel too,” Orban said.
Yore called the example Pope Francis set in the way he handled the abuse information “extremely dangerous.”
While it is a positive development that Facebook has lifted the ban on Jamie (for now), this story is crucial to amplify now more than ever, seeing that Facebook, and all of leftist-run social media, is, at this moment, clearly accelerating its totalitarian attack on the free speech of conservatives.
But if thou do that which is evil, fear: for he beareth not the sword in vain.
WASHINGTON, D.C., February 12, 2018 (LifeSiteNews) – Those familiar with Jorge Bergoglio in Argentina before he became Pope Francis say it is a “classic” move of his to provide “mercy” to clergy who are sexual predators while asking everybody else to simply “move on,” said attorney and child advocate Elizabeth Yore on an EWTN show last week.
Though the anti-CAA protests were primarily led by Muslims, it acquired a secular character because of the participation of wider sections of the society – from different religions, regions, and classes. The communal riots in Delhi in February and the Covid-19 pandemic put a halt to the sit-ins, but the anti-CAA stir was a significant face-off with the government in defence of secular values of the Constitution.
The holy war is not confined to a particular arena and we shall fight the Jews and the Americans until they leave the land of Islam.”
In 2008, a plan to destroy both WikiLeaks and Assange was laid out in a top secret document dated 8 March, 2008.
Then she took on the mission of promoting America to the Muslim world at the State Department.
Secretary of state Mike Pompeo met with Chinese foreign minister Wang Yi in Washington on Wednesday.
is that it was homosexuality.
take our poll - story continues below
“White folks are going down.
"I don't know who this is and this never happened," the judicial nominee added.
One of the talking points the media have latched onto is the whole business of “autonomy” of monasteries.
The New Ways article highlights the efforts of Cardinal Kevin Farrell and his Vatican cronies to promote the LGBT agenda for the upcoming Synod:
Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
… The latest development—one that will be of particular interest to Mr. Trump—is that blue-collar wages have begun to rocket.
I will not stand for this in my diocese or anywhere I send men for formation.
India is a secular country, while the other three countries mentioned are Islamic countries. Thus, all religions are accepted in India and the CAA only underlines this fact.
The people who promote the "Russian influence" nonsense are political operatives or hacks.
DB: It was hysterical to watch these four armed guards who kept shouting “Stop resisting, stop resisting!” and they are beating the hell out of him!
To call it anything else would be deceitful and would only ignore the problem further.
And Farrakhan, by God’s grace, has pulled a cover off of that Satanic Jew, and I’m here to say your time is up, your world is through."
Manafort, 69, denies involvement in the hack and says the claim is “100% false”.
The Capitol Police turned over a trove of evidence in the alleged Imran Awan House cyberbreach and theft case to the defense attorneys when they were supposed to deliver it to prosecutors instead, according to court documents and a source.
I had said for over 10 years since coming to these events, that the declared policy of the United States of America should be the overthrow of the mullahs’ regime in Tehran.
In his “9 Steps” article, he points out that the Obama administration was “cooperating with, and listening to, Muslim Brotherhood front groups such as CAIR and ISNA.”
• The CHA directed the IG to refer the matter to the US Capitol Police.
But in this situation, the “solution” undertaken has been an elaborate bureaucratic reshuffle, including gaining approval from Rome, for “a completely new structure,” whose main task, no doubt, will be the making of funeral arrangements and disposing of library books.
Indeed, why would Iran, which, with Assad, Russia and Hezbollah, is among the victors in Syria's six-year civil war, wish to reignite the bloodletting and bring Israeli and U.S. firepower in on the other side?
At HotAir.com John Sexton explains the importance of this discovery:
In one section, the document states: “some LGBT youth … wish to benefit from greater closeness and experience greater care from the Church.” “This acknowledgement is a welcome change from the hierarchy’s traditional rhetoric that suggests LGBT people are opposed to religion.
Maybe he should have taken the time to look to the founding forefathers and that document which they drew up called “The Declaration of Independence.” That document alone is 75% of the usurpations that the Tyrant King George committed against our forefathers and what it is that our forefathers would not put up with.
We are, therefore, reprinting below Frontpage editor Jamie Glazov’s July 12, 2016 Breitbart article, "9 Steps to Successfully Counter Jihad".
Geomagnetic storms are ranked on a scale, with G at the bottom, R in the middle, and S as the most severe.
It is hard to see why or how Republicans are ever again going to be the Bush-Boehner party that preceded the rise of Trump.
The finding came at a critical time for Democrats: It was three days after WikiLeaks published the first emails from a hacked on the DNC, setting the stage for Wasserman Schultz to lose her position as party chair and for Democrats to begin electioneering on a theme of Russian hacking.
-1.06% Employed 26,290 27,086 796 3.03% Employment/population % 63.5 63.4 -0.1 pts.
“A monastery of nuns, as every religious house, is erected while keeping in mind its usefulness for the Church and for the Institute.” (emphasis added)
This was, for fourteen centuries, mainstream, normative Islam, carried forth by the primary authorities in the Islamic world at the time.
Indoctrination means to teach a person to accept a belief uncritically.
The same administration that was against mandatory minimums for its drug dealers and gang members went to court to defend mandatory minimums under the Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act.
President Donald Trump has taken to Twitter in order to call upon Attorney General Jeff Sessions to end the investigation into his alleged Russian collusion.
We moved NATO into Eastern Europe and the Baltic, onto her doorstep.
She claims that Kavanaugh knocked her down, groped her, and attempted to remove her clothes.
Unless and until we take seriously our call to sanctity, we, as an institution and as individuals, will continue to suffer the “wages of sin.”
The Francis Vatican’s approach to the contemplative life is probably the most illustrative of our entire crisis.
In any event, the persecution was limited in time and duration as the local elite know they need the Chinese to run the economy and to avoid Red China intervening on behalf of their fellow ethnics.
“The assault took place, presumably, because this employee did not agree with the other individual’s political stance."
A second source tells The Beacon that the Trump administration recognizes that the “chief impediment to the region is Iran’s tyrannical regime.”
She worried that without the order, ICE officials could deport some of the Indonesians covered by the suit, at which time they would lose the opportunity to have their cases reopened.
take our poll - story continues below
For fifty years Catholics have wanted to know why nothing was ever done, as these wolves in the episcopate were allowed, year after year to continue attacking the Church.
I certainly do not believe it was Pope Benedict, who as Cardinal had repeatedly denounced the corruption present in the Church, and in the first months of his pontificate had already taken a firm stand against the admission into seminary of young men with deep homosexual tendencies.
take our poll - story continues below
Some two hours before the story went public it contacted Manafort and Assange's lawyers to get their comments.
— Glenn Greenwald (@ggreenwald) November 28, 2018
This comes on the heels of gains of 2.154 million and 1.597 million.
Election Day is November 6.
That came hours after a Sunday tweet in which he referred to the special counsel team as a “gang.” Both are words with loaded meanings for his conservative political base.
While President Trump fights to restrict Muslim immigration, at his side is the woman who had once bragged on CNN, “Over 90% of student visas are now issued in under a week, and that is in the Middle East.”
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Another Republican who wants to stop investigating is former RNC Chair, Michael Steele: “There is no Spygate because there are no spies in the campaign.” The attitude of Steve Scalise is wishy-washy.
How many complaints were received over a YEAR’S time?
Cardinal Kevin Farrell, who was recently interviewed by the media, also said that he didn’t have the slightest idea about the abuses committed by McCarrick.
They argue that since the Senate Judiciary Committee is not a criminal judicial trial, but rather a legislative hearing for confirmation of a Supreme Court nominee, the normal burden of proof shouldered by the accuser should not apply.
It’s now Trump, Bolton, and [Mike] Pompeo’s job to put this consensus back in place.”
This is what the Church of Accompaniment is all about!
Medical teams have taken five samples from suspected active cases and two tested positive for the Zaire strain of the Ebola virus, the ministry said in a statement.
We're just days away from seeing how things turn out.
But again, it’s not just the shootings, which admittedly have increased in the past couple of years.
There is so much collusion now, with all these dark and menacing developments.
Hinson “told the students that they could do these activities if they wanted,” Branch claimed.
Pope Benedict’s same dispositions were then also communicated to me by the new Prefect of the Congregation for Bishops, Cardinal Marc Ouellet, in November 2011, in a conversation before my departure for Washington, and were included among the instructions of the same Congregation to the new Nuncio.
Don’t miss from Explained: Why NPR isn’t NRC?
Extolling his particular expertise in the matter, having been President of the Committee on Protection of Children and Young People of the USCCB, he asserted that the main problem in the crisis of sexual abuse by clergy is not homosexuality, and that affirming this is only a way of diverting attention from the real problem which is clericalism.
What kind of injustice?
take our poll - story continues below Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back?
The only thing the two of them have in common is that they are criminals and have black skin.
I despise Islam and I despise the ideology of Muhammad and his devout followers.
Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller
The irony, of course, is built in, since this document is intended as a legal chopping block for the dissolution of any house of contemplative nuns that is judged to be hovering on the edge of extinction or is for some other reason in need of the chop.
This is how one explains that, as members of the Congregation for Bishops, the Pope replaced Cardinal Burke with Wuerl and immediately appointed Cupich right after he was made a cardinal.
Ms. Warren’s email said she was demanding a delay on the judge’s confirmation vote and asked for donations for her 2018 election campaign, while Ms. Harris’s emails detailed several of her actions as a member of the Judiciary Committee, including her questioning of the president’s pick for the high court, and asking for contributions.
It is no accident that Luke Harding is still employed: in fact, it is because of Harding’s consistent loyalty to establishment, specifically the UK intelligence apparatus, over the truth that determines his “success” amongst legacy press outlets.
An unprovable accusation from decades ago that the accuser said nothing about until years later, and that is uncorroborated by any other testimony or by the evidence of any similar behavior on Kavanaugh’s part.
As Trump administration mouthpieces were gabbing about peace and light, the US Air Force was getting ready to fly B-52 heavy bombers and F-22 Raptor stealth fighters around North Korea’s borders and missile-armed subs lurked at sea.
The Cardinal, muttering in a barely comprehensible way, admitted that he had perhaps made the mistake of sleeping in the same bed with some seminarians at his beach house, but he said this as if it had no importance.
“Perhaps it was written for him.” Well, why repeat it then?
Despite all this, even analysts critical of the Guardian’s behaviour have shown a glaring failure to understand that its latest coverage represents not an aberration by the paper but decisively fits with a pattern.
Date when erected: 1971
Nor was the idea of “rehabilitation” with possible re-entry into society ever entertained where crimes deserving death were concerned.
Thus to call for a moratorium .
No one did.
The price of a sanctuary city for illegal aliens is paid in abused children.
“Qui tacet consentit” surely applies here, for if they deny my testimony, they have only to say so, and provide documentation to support that denial.
I subsequently learned that the event at Georgetown had taken place for seven years.
Cardinal Henri de Lubac, writing in 1985, recalling that drama, said:
This is not a joke and needs to be investigated.
No one should be surprised by the crackdown on illegals entering the country, especially since it was one of the major campaign promises Donald Trump made before getting elected.
The only thing that changed was the administration.”
Of course, after each concession comes another demand.
One of its underground lairs was found littered with weapons and copies of the Qur’an.
Capitol Police “Accidentally” Gave Treasure Trove of Evidence To Muslim IT Spy's Defense Attorney
Why would the Vatican need a document giving extensive norms for the closure of monasteries that have too few nuns or do not follow their originally intended charisms if everything about the religious life since Vatican II has been hunky dory?
Her ex-husband heads up Teneo Strategy: the organization created by the same man who made the Clinton Foundation happen and which employed Huma Abedin.
That will never happen.
If Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination is pulled as a result of the smears and character assassination, President Trump should immediately nominate someone on his short list such as Amy Coney Barrett and the Senate Republican majority should then push through the new nominee’s confirmation as soon as possible.
Ebola is one of the world's most notorious diseases, being both highly infectious and extremely lethal.
In a new undercover video from Project Veritas, Omar Smith, who is a staffer for Gillum and claims to have also attended college with him, said that if Gillum is elected “None of the programs that people are hoping for would happen.”
“Other governments have separated mothers and children,” Former CIA and NSA chief Michael Hayden wrote on Saturday, along with a black and white photo of the Birkenau concentration and death-camp in Poland.
Frings, Archbishop of Cologne.
Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf claims to fight for women.
But we will.
President Trump ordered over 5,200 soldiers to be deployed at the southern border by the end of the week to aid some 2,000 National Guardsmen already in place.
Chairman Grassley had imposed a Thursday deadline for Ford to submit testimony after her team said Tuesday she wasn’t willing to testify until the FBI investigates her sexual abuse allegations against Kavanaugh.
On May 18, 2018, the Embassy learned that the clinical findings of this evaluation matched mild traumatic brain injury (MTBI),” Jinnie Lee, U.S. Embassy spokesperson in Beijing, told Gizmodo by email.
As Viganò notes, it was Bergoglio who made Martin a “Consultor of the Secretariat for Communications,” even though he is a “well-known activist who promotes the LGBT agenda, chosen to corrupt the young people who will soon gather in Dublin for the World Meeting of Families…”
I don't know about you, but I didn't actually like hearing the words "Speaker Paul Ryan."
"As Secretary Lew said in the testimony quoted in the report: 'Part of the agreement was to give Iran access to money that it has a right to.
Fox News’ Tucker Carlson read an internal email on Monday night’s show that outlined in a Google’ executive’s own words how the company was providing a “silent donation” to a group that was creating ads and donating funds to bus Latinos to voting stations in key swing states.
Former Head of DNC Aided & Abetted Muslim IT Spy, Imran Awan
The average Ebola fatality rate is about 50 percent.
Cardinal DiNardo and the other prelates should tell the Church in America and in the world: did the pope refuse to carry out a Vatican investigation into McCarrick’s crimes and of those responsible for covering them up?
“But they would be much happier dealing with a post-Mullah government.
I was in London recently and I couldn’t see him, although I spoke to people who had seen him.
Victoria, one of the things I’ve known about you, and I’ve interviewed you so many times over the years, you now have been doing a deep dive into all of this.
Senate Judiciary Committee Vote To Send Kavanaugh Nomination To The Floor
I look forward to testifying on Thursday about the truth, and defending my good name — and the reputation for character and integrity I have spent a lifetime building — against these last-minute allegations.”
No more hiding under your school desks or in dank basements.
To be sure, the Left's attacks on the David Horowitz Freedom Center continue unabated: just recently a hit piece in the Washington Post smeared a stand-up noble gentleman like Florida Gubernatorial Candidate Republican Ron DeSantis, libeling David Horowitz in the process.
Homeland Security Advisory Council (he “resigned” in Sept. 2014 under mysterious circumstances), and Muslim Brotherhood-linked individuals like Huma Abedin serving as the right-hand woman of Hillary Clinton, we need to bring in people who actually love America and want to protect it.
He told Noah, “For I will require the blood of your lives at the hand of every beast, and at the hand of man, at the hand of every man, and of his brother, will I require the life of man.
“Mohammad Abid, a victim of [Ashraf] Awan’s alleged high-profile swindling, said that [Ashraf] Awan’s son had easy access to the corridors of power and that’s why he was able to [pressure] the police to dance to his tunes,” Dawn reported.
On Monday, the sun spit out a slew of charged particles in a moderate solar flare.
Well, the entire event was actually put on by the People’s Mojahedin Organization of Iran, also known as the Mojahedin-e Khalq or MEK.
When Powell was at Goldman Sachs, her right-hand woman in the 10,000 Women program was Noa Meyer.
Unfortunately, these ABM systems don’t work very well.
“We received commitments that they would complete this (investigation), and I am counting on them to do that,” Pompeo said.
To deal with the perceived threat the US has deployed 5,200 troops to help more than 2,000 National Guardsmen thwart what President Trump describes as an impending migrant“invasion.”
Note that this is a net figure.
Trump fired Comey in May 2017 and Attorney General Jeff Sessions canned McCabe in March.
He was speaking at Hizb ut-Tahrir’s International Caliphate Conference; although Hizb ut-Tahrir is banned in many countries, it still has an international presence, and recently held a conference in Chicago.
Flake, with only 18 percent approval in Arizona, decided to pack it in rather than get waxed in his own primary.
“The president was expressing his opinion on his favored medium for asserting his First Amendment right of free speech,” Giuliani said in an interview.
The Vatican wants to force all religious congregations into the pants-wearing, Marxist anti-nun, LCWR pattern?
If Manafort had really visited Assange, it would have long been known:
You may opt out at anytime.
The Pope couldn’t resist an anti-Semitic shot at Israeli “occupation,” but he also seemed to denounce Islamic jihad activity, saying: “So many conflicts have been stoked too by forms of fundamentalism and fanaticism that, under the guise of religion, have profaned God’s name – which is peace – and persecuted age-old neighbors.” He decried the “thirst for profit that surreptitiously exploits oil and gas fields without regard for our common home, with no scruples about the fact that the energy market now dictates the law of coexistence among peoples!”
Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court?
They are people pleasers and nothing more.
“It’s a cracker state.”
In Greenwald’s mind, Trump is a fairly standard politician (when it comes to the policies he supports and implements), which is what makes the media’s constant flow of outrage so mystifying.
“Motive a mystery in car explosion at Travis Air Force Base,” by Phil Willon, Los Angeles Times, March 23, 2018:
Foolish Religion Author Gary Wills: ‘The Religion of the Qur’an Is a Religion of Peace’
We have shown the young people that abortion is murder and that 58 million babies have been murdered since 1973 under the guise of woman’s choice (Proverbs 6:17).
The Daily Mail reported that one diplomat described being jolted awake in a Havana hotel room by a grinding, blaring cacophony.
CBS News has confirmed that the U.S.
The FBI investigates federal crimes and/or national security issues.
But this is typical of the Dems and their useful idiots.
It never went to court.
This, of course, isn’t the first evidence of Google doing all they could to help Hillary win the election.
Given that this was three years or more from the abdication of Benedict and the installation of the New Paradigm of Francis/Kasper, one wonders what this “new dawn” was actually about.
This is why they should be honest about who they are and name themselves the Non-American Medical Association.
And of course, not a second thought on man's behalf is given concerning the victims in these two cities.
We are not violent.
The immigrant unemployment rate fell by 0.2 points; the native-born rate fell by 0.7 points.
I'm not sure if he should have.
1:33 pm on June 6, 2018
Elijah set the record straight when he answered, "I have not troubled Israel; but thou, and thy father's house, in that ye have forsaken the commandments of the LORD, and thou hast followed Baalim (1 Kings 18:18).
Despite President Trump signing an Executive Order suspending Syrian refugees from entering the US for 120 days on Jan. 26, 2017 while security measures were reviewed, the US still imported 110,000 refugees from Syria and various other countries into the US in 2017 alone, up from 85,000 the previous year.
France Gives Muslim Killer of Elderly Jewish Woman a Pass
CAPITOL POLICE ACCIDENTALLY GAVE EVIDENCE TO HOUSE HACKING SUSPECT’S DEFENSE ATTORNEY By Luke Rosiak on May 24, 2018:
One of the most prominent of those puzzle pieces is the apparent inability of these “conservative” prelates, to detect, let alone effectively oppose, these brazen enemies of the Faith within the episcopate and College of Cardinals.
It was not in my mind.
When 'western' intelligence get caught in spreading disinformation, they accuse Russia of being the source of the fake.
The behavior and the objectives of the regime are not going to change, and therefore the only solution is to change the regime itself.
In the meantime, it gives Wilson a unique license to publish data about those weapons anywhere he chooses.
The problems he spoke of are similar and as great now in the United States as they were then in Rome.
As I wrote elsewhere, since 2002, most Catholics know perfectly well, despite the lame whitewashing attempt, that “the US bishops gave themselves a pass” on clerical sex abuse with the Dallas Charter “a thing that brazenly shifted blame.” And it seems that though they’re still doing this, quite a few lay Catholics just aren’t having it.
With regard to the car, certainly the wish for heavenly protection – sometimes also expressed with the help of a medal of St. Christopher, the patron saint of car drivers.
Trump’s order to release the documents comes after months of requests from GOP lawmakers, while the DOJ has repeatedly denied their requests for more transparency.
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
They don’t care to see Trump vindicated.
Swisher asked her, "What do you think of Cory Booker… saying ‘kick them in the shins,’ essentially?"
The office that I held at the time was not informed of any measure taken by the Holy See after those charges were brought by Nuncio Montalvo at the end of 2000, when Cardinal Angelo Sodano was Secretary of State.
President Trump was delighted.
We brought the same research to the LATISM conference, where people were beyond thrilled to see Google’s support and acknowledgment of the Latino community.
But firing Mueller would likely send a signal to Democrats that the White House is worried about potential blowback from a Manafort conviction just three months before the congressional midterm elections.
The world was ablaze with tribalism and was raising up authoritarians to realize nationalist ends — Xi Jinping, Putin, Narendra Modi in India, Erdogan in Turkey, Gen. el-Sissi in Egypt — before he came down that escalator.
Peter therefore was kept in prison: but prayer was made without ceasing of the church unto God for him.
Trump ordered the “immediate declassification” of “pages 10-12 and 17-34 of the June 2017 application to the FISA court in the matter of Carter W. Page,” “all FBI reports of interviews with Bruce G. Ohr prepared in connection with the Russia investigation,” and “all FBI reports of interviews prepared in connection with all Carter Page FISA applications.”
You may opt out at anytime.
"Since the notification of the cases on May 3, no deaths have been reported," it said, without specifying when the first case came to light.
Unlike the Bourbons after the Revolution and the Terror, after Napoleon and the Empire, no restoration is in the cards.
Again, right now there is a lot of justified anger and passion coming from many holy and faithful lay people and clerics across the country, calling for real reform and “house cleaning” of this type of depravity.
Mr. Kirk discovered Ms. Powell’s unusual order in January 2004 and, over the past year, launched a series of behind-the-scenes moves that culminated in a blunt conversation with President Bush aboard Air Force One, the removal of the ambassador, and congressional approval for reinvigorating the hunt for Mr. bin Laden.
Democrat’s Friend Louis Farrakhan In Iran: “Death to America!” – America Is The “Great Satan”
On Monday, DOJ Inspector General Michael Horowitz testified with FBI boss Christopher Wray before the Senate Judiciary Committee.
Then, only when he was forced by the media, and a revolt by the Chilean victims and faithful, did he recognize his error and apologize, while stating that he had been misinformed, causing a disastrous situation for the Church in Chile, but continuing to protect the two Chilean Cardinals Errazuriz and Ezzati.
Imran, Abid and Jamal Awan — along with Imran’s wife, Hina Alvi, and a friend — worked as IT administrators for 1 out of every 5 House Democrats and could read all their emails and files until police banned them from the network in February 2017for “numerous violations of House security policies.” Months later, none of the family is in jail, and the stepmother and other witnesses have said Imran and Abid have used their freedom to try to steer the outcome of the case since, including by threatening them not to cooperate with authorities, TheDCNF previously reported.
(Jeremiah 22:3) God must be true and judgment must commence.
Pray for our seminarians.
(Rao, Black Legends, 147-148).
pic.twitter.com/JzYH3snmjM — Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus (@DrTedros) May 13, 2018
It did not allow Iranian parties to open accounts or correspondent accounts at US banks.
He again stressed the importance of Saudi Arabia as a strategic ally, in a relationship, he noted, that dates back more than 80 years.
Efforts to ensure the public is aware of the existence of laws that allow for the removal of firearms from high-risk individuals.
The Republican Jewish Coalition has already called on the seven other Democrats to resign over their ties to Farrakhan.
Instead, Senator Feinstein sat on the letter until late last week, when she issued a cryptic release stating that she had received the letter but did not want to give more details in deference to the woman’s wish to keep the matter confidential.
WATCH: Gillum Campaign Staff on gun control "I don't think he can say it [be]cause he's trying to get the moderates" ... "three day waiting period for everybody," "small steps" to ban assault rifles pic.twitter.com/nIwAUvz2YR — PVeritas Action (@PVeritas_Action) November 1, 2018
Yes, the worries arise out of the fact that the CAA shield is not available to them. If a Muslim cannot meet the eligibility criteria for NRC, once those are finalised, she will lose citizenship when the NRC is published without her name. A second concern is about the NRC process itself — if exclusion is going to take place due to absence of documents, or deficiencies in documents submitted. There is apprehension that the Muslim community, many of whom are backward, will get excluded due to deficiencies in the documents like spelling errors. This happened with many applicants (both Hindu and Muslim) during the NRC process in Assam — a state where Muslims of migrant ancestry are generally very careful about preserving their documents for generations.
We cannot help but wonder if these trivialised responses reveal some deep flaw that we had never suspected before.
If Ms. Ford and Judge Kavanaugh do testify, the senators deciding on whether to confirm Judge Kavanaugh as well as the American public following the testimony must remember one cardinal rule.
The US has spent over $200 billion on ballistic anti-missile systems in recent years designed to stop North Korean missiles.
There shall no longer be more intercourse between us than there is between two corpses: ‘The world is crucified to me and I to the world.’
And, by doing so, took on Trump publicly in a way few Republicans in Washington have during his turbulent 19-month-old presidency.
What they do not want to admit to is the fact that today's illegal immigration picture is one that follows the Obama plan on dealing with the influx of illegals to a carbon copy.
Trump’s tweets prompted Rep. Adam B. Schiff of California, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, to accuse the president of obstruction “hiding in plain sight.”
Norris-Weeks said she saw an early draft of the letter.
However, I also think that the IG has purposely left room in his conclusion to amend that decision after he’s concluded his Russia investigation.
Certainly, some of the facts that I was to reveal were covered by the pontifical secret that I had promised to observe and that I had faithfully observed from the beginning of my service to the Holy See.
“I do think he’s not saying specifically, like, I’m going to ban bump stocks or I’m against ARs, only because he’s running a race right now,” said Adrian Young, who serves as the Community Engagement Specialist for the Florida Democratic Party.
Solar flares and particle ejections are associated with sunspots — dark areas on the sun’s surface — that host intense magnetic activity.
McMaster subscribed to the Obama view that Islamic terrorism has nothing to do with Islam, despite the numerous Islamic texts and teachings that incite Muslims to wage war against unbelievers.
Articles 5-11 of the Constitution clearly lay down the criteria for citizenship. Several amendments have refined the criteria, notably the Citizenship (Amendment) Act of 2003 that defined an illegal immigrant and disallowed citizenship to their progeny. But these stipulations would be meaningless if there was no system to implement these requirements. So the CAA 2003 mandated the government to maintain a NRC. The NRC is not a new concept introduced by the BJP. In order to implement the Immigrants (Expulsion from Assam) Act, 1950, an NRC (Assam) was prepared in 1951 after the Census. The recent NRC update of 2019 was sanctioned by the Supreme Court.The NRC is a constitutionally mandated decree. Opposing it means opposing the Constitution and despite claims of upholding it, these protestors are sullying the sacred document and misleading the public. More egregious than this violation, which can be attributed to ignorance, are the combative resolutions passed by several state Assemblies; these hit Centre-state ties, the bedrock of our federal democracy by transgressing the seventh schedule of the Constitution. This poses the greatest threat to the fundamental structure of our democracy and our Constitution after 1975.
These swarmy power brokers have colluded far too long at the tragic expense of innocent boys and seminarians.
We find the article more relevant and urgent than ever due to the 17th anniversary of 9/11 approaching tomorrow:
And, as if to add a finishing touch to the poisoned cake that is Ratzinger’s involvement in the creation of the New Catholic Paradigm, Benedict is now being said to have deliberately timed his resignation in order to allow his old academic colleague to participate in the 2013 Conclave.
In his recent document, ostensibly on holiness, “Gaudete et Exultate,” the pope attacked the religious desire for silence and solitude, to be alone with God in prayer, seeking unity with Him, saying in essence that the Christian life is inherently about social activism, about material, worldly ends.
Supporting Local Efforts to Reduce and Combat Gun Crimes, including: Opposing concealed carry reciprocity policies and legislation that would circumvent city policies established to protect residents;
Present problems: have got very old.
In 2016 smart phones will be used to identify, meet, and update profiles on the voter.
The North Vietnamese torpedo boats then attacked with torpedoes and machine gun fire.
“Despite these claims, the U.S. Department of the Treasury, at the direction of the U.S. State Department, granted a specific license that authorized a conversion of Iranian assets worth billions of U.S. dollars using the U.S. financial system.
Molester McCarrick'll vouch for ya, Francis!
Although the particular inclination of the homosexual person is not a sin, it is a more or less strong tendency ordered toward an intrinsic moral evil; thus the inclination itself must be seen as an objective disorder.
President Trump had previously shuttered the Russian consulate in San Francisco and smaller annexes in Washington and New York.
His opinion is: “Take it seriously, but with a large grain of salt.” Which is just Allen’s more nuanced way of saying: “Don’t believe it.” Allen’s view is supported by such irrelevancies as the fact that Viganò’s account implicates “no fewer than 32 senior churchmen” (so what?
The caravan, made up mostly of Hondurans, but also nationals of other Central American countries, is now on the move towards the United States border.
In any case, this much is certain: barring Bergoglio’s conversion and reversal of course, the Church cannot abide this pontificate any longer.
* John Bolton Richard Grenell Dina Powell Heather Nauert Ivanka Trump
What has been done: there has been work on formation: each year, a course on on-going formation and one for those recently professed.
The world is so much bigger than Farrakhan and the Jewish question and his position on that and so forth.
We give out that universally available blessing.
“Do not distance yourself from the great lines of the Second Vatican Council.” “In fact, those that are distancing themselves from the council to make another path are killing themselves – sooner or later, they will die.
The environs of the Ecuadorian embassy are monitored especially heavily, with continuous filming by the UK and Ecuadorian authorities and most likely by the US and other actors with an interest in Assange’s fate.
No jihad video.
The Nazis suggested Madagascar, Ecuador, or an Arab country – Syria.
All three countries are Islamic republics; this is why we see citizens of minority communities (non-Muslim) pouring into India from these countries.
The bishop can, with the flick of a pen or a single phone call, render a priest homeless, penniless and jobless.
“Blessed be the God of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, who hath sent his angel, and delivered his servants that trusted in him, and have changed the king's word, and yielded their bodies, that they might not serve nor worship any god, except their own God.” Daniel 3:28
They have also paid $400,000 to the United States to settle a related civil suit.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
The immigrant population of working age increased by 2.0%; the comparable native population grew by 0.6%.
In the United States, these Chinese went through the liberal asylum process, but did not manage to fool even the credulous "judges" at the Executive Office for Immigration Review (EOIR), the immigration courts.
An American government employee stationed in the southern city of Guangzhou recently reported “subtle and vague, but abnormal, sensations of sound and pressure”, the embassy in China said yesterday.
And when a House Office of Inspector General cybersecurity investigation found that Awan made “unauthorized access” to House servers, including the House Democratic Caucus’ shortly before the election, Wasserman Schultz became “frantic, not normal,” “making the rounds” to House officials in an attempt to kill the investigation, one House employee told The Daily Caller News Foundation.
They thought he was just some kind of a circus sideshow act.
Refresh the page for updates.
The cascading revelations of papal sex scandals are toppling the barque of Peter.
However, according to Bloomberg, Powell isn't interested in the position.
After Treasury officials were examining whether the Iran deal's relevant sanctions permit currency exchange of rials to dollars, the report says a Treasury official wrote in an email, "Yikes.
The Times noted that when emergency responders approached the burning van after it crashed, “they found five propane tanks, three plastic one-gallon gas cans, several lighters, three phones and a gym bag with personal items, Ragan said.”
She and Tlaib will enjoy establishment media accolades as they pursue their hard-Left, anti-American, anti-Israel agenda.
Only 71% of Latinos voted for Hillary, and that wasn’t enough.”
Influential Roman: What about Bergoglio?
Once again this year we see that Ramadan is quintessentially the month of jihad.
According to Greenwald: “If Paul Manafort … visited Assange at the Embassy, there would be ample amounts of video and other photographic proof demonstrating that this happened.
Very little is said of any efforts being made to increase vocational outreach using the internet or through diocesan contacts.
The Daily Mail reported that one diplomat described being jolted awake in a Havana hotel room by a grinding, blaring cacophony.
“The Chinese government has assured us they are also investigating and taking appropriate measures,” Lee continued.
Penkoski and his daughter, Brielle, contested Branch’s claims.
Latinos voted in record-breaking numbers, particularly with early votes.
Don’t forget about Amos, who was prophesying judgment upon the corrupt priests and the corrupt king of his day (Amos 7:10-16).
But it is a profound tragedy, John, the way they are treating Julian Assange, this prolific journalist and publisher who so many other journalists have depended on in the past.
We need to worry about blowback from President Trump’s fully-neoconized Middle East policy!
So each time something like this happens, they’re back at Square One, trying to figure out motive.
“That’s just one segment of what goes on in our world.
The exchange was legal, the report notes.
This brings us to about article 155 of the document.
Federations as Vatican watchdogs
“If you see a Latino Googler in the office (California/New York), please give them a smile,” Murillo wrote.
Arianna Huffington praised the White House for bringing her in.
The prime minister of Australia was then Julia Gillard, a Labor Party politician who had declared WikiLeaks “illegal” and wanted to cancel Assange’s passport — until she was told she could not do this: that Assange had committed no crime: that WikiLeaks was a publisher, whose work was protected under Article 19 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, to which Australia was one of the original signatories.
However, the bill will not give these benefits to the illegal migrants of tribal areas of Assam, Meghalaya, Mizoram, and Tripura.
Bishop Thomas Tobin of Providence RI, - nicknamed the “Good Tobin” in contrast to the “Bad Tobin” and FrancisCardinal, Joseph Tobin of Newark – got quite an earful when he tweeted the other day, “Despite the egregious offenses of a few, and despite the faults and sins we all have, I’m very proud of my brother bishops and I admire and applaud the great work they do everyday for Christ and His Church.”
Following are criminal summaries of three offenders arrested during this operation:
But if thou do that which is evil, be afraid; for he beareth not the sword in vain: for he is the minister of God, a revenger to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil.
On December 22, Twitter user @IamOnir posed a video which shows the anti CAA NRC protests. He said, “Chicago against CAA NRC ! #IndiansAgainstCAA_NRC”
Ahrens tweeted, “In 1993, Farrakhan told women: “You’re a failure if you can’t keep a man.” In 1994, Farrakhan said: “Murder and lying comes easy for white people.” All this came *before* Ellison praised him as “a role model” in 1995, and was photographed selling Farrakhan’s newspaper in 1998.”
Although a grid failure is possible, it is unlikely.
The Hammond case is viewed by many in the West, and indeed across the nation, as a manifest miscarriage of justice akin to double jeopardy.
And the truth about our situation is revealed in that still-hidden part of the Secret to whose contents Pope Benedict alluded during his pilgrimage to Fatima in 2010, identifying elements that do not appear at all in the obscure vision published back in 2000, which Sodano and Bertone tried to pass of as the entirety of the Secret at the same time they were covering up homosexual corruption in high places:
This is federated Carmelite monastic life under Pope Francis’ New Paradigm of fully implemented VaticanTwoism.
Far from backing-away and making excuses for his early actions, as we’ve all become so accustomed to seeing in these rare cases where a hierarch breaks ranks, Archbishop Viganò is digging in with a 4-page bombshell that restates his initial accusations of abuse cover-up against Francis and other powerful members of the hierarchy, and even concludes with a suggestion that Francis is beginning to act as a “substitute of our Lord.”
And he saith unto him, Cast thy garment about thee, and follow me.
Thus, the idea that separating children from their parents as being something new, done only by the Trump Administration is absurd, since we really have no idea whether the children brought here during the Obama reign were intentionally separated from their parents by the US government at that time, or not.
Speaking of Mastercard, the David Horowitz Freedom Center just recently won a major battle with the credit card, defeating well-financed leftwing groups that are trying to run the Center out of business and suffocate free speech in America.
Fleet did not respond to a request for comment.
The banking system was more reluctant to help Iran launder money than he was.
The persecution of Julian Assange must end.
Ravi Nair: Countries have a process of population enumeration through a process of holding a regular Census. Census information is confidential and divulging of census data to other government institutions and agencies is a penal crime under the existent Census of India Act, 1948. Census enumeration is straight forward. The NPR and the NRC are a diabolical and devious stratagems to create a majoritarian security state. The National Population Register is another building block for a police state. And if the government grandiloquently claims it is only a census, why duplicate the existent Census process? It has worked well for all these decades.
“They used me as an example because of [the backlash over] Hillary Clinton,” he continued, alleging his life was ruined for political reasons.
Corruption in the misuse of the Church’s resources and of the offerings of the faithful must be fought against.
Kavanaugh testified separately after Ford’s testimony concluded.
With the leftist media entirely focused on the push to ban AR-15s and repeal the Second Amendment, practically no one noticed Louis Farrakhan's Saviours’ Day 2018 Address in which he told an approving audience that "powerful Jews are my enemy," and "white folks are going down," according to The Washington Examiner.
Publicly presented by Johannes zu Eltz, a high-ranking priest of the diocese, his so-called Frankfurt proposal has the public support of the local bishop, Georg Bätzing.
That is why Assange is in mortal danger.
Of the total arrests 135 were men and 10 were women.
The public treasure has been consumed, private wealth has been destroyed, the temples have been stripped of gold, silver, jewels, the relics of the saints, and other most precious ornaments.
Comey’s substitution of a legally meaningless phrase, “extremely careless,” for the “gross negligence” statutory legal standard he had originally used, had the effect of prejudging the facts in Hillary Clinton’s favor.
Email Link Embed Copy and paste this HTML code into your webpage to embed.
According to the New York Times, lawyers with the National Lawyers Guild, a Soros-backed organization, are aiding the caravan migrants before they attempt to seek asylum in the U.S.:
The city is a major transportation hub with routes to the capital Kinshasa.
He says that “that’s not for [voters] to know.”
That was true when he was in high school, and it has remained true to this day.
It details how the caucus server, run by then-caucus Chairman Rep. Xavier Becerra, was secretly copied by authorities after the House Inspector General (IG) identified suspicious activity on it, but the Awans’ physical access was not blocked.
Powell herself, is very comfortable with Hillary Clinton.
If someone saw Kavanaugh stumbling drunk at the party, that would obviously bolster Ford’s account.
Here’s a catalogue from the Daily Wire:
A Democratic mayor’s warning to illegal immigrants of an incoming ICE raid in northern California may have led to a number of illegal immigrants with violent and sex-related convictions evading capture and deportation.
Why a man like Weakland, the active homosexual who paid off his ex-lover, was not excommunicated?
They do not proceed from a genuine affective and sexual complementarity.
Remove the television cameras, and attention-craving, politically ambitious Senators will be gone like a cool breeze.
You are too good at your job.
Prosecutor Michael Marando alluded to the disclosure of evidence in court on Oct. 6, 2017.
The people at the forefront of the uprising in Tunisia credit WikiLeaks for informing them of what their repressive government was doing behind their backs.
Again and again it turns out that Wills has ignored key passages in order to make his case.
In fact, I've often said if we catch people close to the border, we should not even bring them into the system if they are not citizens, but walk them back over the border and make sure they keep walking.
The vaccination campaign will begin today.
It, along with Everytown for Gun Safety and Giffords Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence, tried unsuccessfully Friday to get a federal court in Texas to block what it called a “troubling” and “dangerous” settlement.
Therefore I did not immediately grasp the meaning of the encrypted message that McCarrick had communicated to me, but that would become clear to me in the days immediately following.
It is even expected to collide with the Milky Way years down the road.
She noticed that Latino voters did record-breaking numbers, especially in states like Florida, Nevada and Arizona – the last of which she describes as “a key state for us.” She brags that the company used its power to ensure that millions of people saw certain hashtags and social media impressions, with the goal of influencing their behavior during the election.”
Read the statement carefully yourselves and make your own judgment.
My understanding is that so many of these journalists are shamed.
Stütz also quotes in the article itself Father Franz Harant, “a pastoral worker in the field of marriage and the family” at the Ursulinenkirche in Linz.
©2018 Los Angeles Times, Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.
Also be aware that there a few racial slurs in the video.
Following the Father General’s address are notes from the language groups, including the following:
Our New Muslim Representatives
A penalty is the reaction required by law and justice in response to a fault: penalty and fault are action and reaction.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
A copy of your passport was taken and the passport details entered into the log.
Clearly, homosexuality was part of the reason God destroyed the two cities.
The opposition to the CAA has been minuscule. It is only vested, politically aligned groups owing allegiance to the Congress and Leftists who are fanning violence to derive political capital given their depleting political fortunes. Assam and Meghalaya saw normalcy after temporary imposition of curfew, preventing agenda-driven protests by vested groups from taking a grim turn.
Somehow the openly racist and anti-Semitic Farrakhan and his hateful organization have managed for decades to avoid being harshly denounced as such by the news media, which instead has spent the last two years attempting to smear Donald Trump as the new Hitler.
In formation: none
Rich Penkoski has alerted me to the latest development in the forced Islamization of his children’s school curriculum: after the Daily Caller and Geller Report exposed what was happening, Mountain Ridge administrators and teachers began messaging parents who were sharing the story, asking them to remove their posts.
They then threatened to hang my 3-year-old and 1-year-old and kidnap my 14-year-old.
The new document issued last week, “Cor orans,” is juridical, that is, it is not much more than a list of specific norms, or rules – 289 of them!
The timeline laid out in the letter also shows that Becerra — now California’s Democratic attorney general — failed to ensure that the Awans didn’t have access to House computer systems during the 2016 election, which was wrought with cybersecurity scandals.
In anticipation of potential clashes at the border, American soldiers have begun reinforcing their positions.
One of them was welcomed by the Archbishop of Canterbury.
Google didn’t try to get out the vote among say Christian Arabs in Michigan or say Persian Jews in Los Angeles—they sometimes vote Republican.
To dispel suspicions insinuated in several recent articles, I will immediately say that the Apostolic Nuncios in the United States, Gabriel Montalvo and Pietro Sambi, both prematurely deceased, did not fail to inform the Holy See immediately, as soon as they learned of Archbishop McCarrick’s gravely immoral behavior with seminarians and priests.
I also remember in particular the fact that I had to draw his attention to it, because I realized that in an archdiocesan publication, on the back cover in color, there was an announcement inviting young men who thought they had a vocation to the priesthood to a meeting with Cardinal McCarrick.
When he did speak to journalists, he asked them to exercise their professional maturity and draw their own conclusions.
There were 7 of them on the case, and they were comfortable enough with each other to express their biases openly and none of them ever chastised the others for expressing those biases!
To approach this as a dogmatic teaching is imprudent.
As Jansen pointed out, and Maike Hickson quoted in a piece for One Peter Five,
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
Flynn made the NSC into a tool that matched Trump’s vision.
Kavanaugh and Last-Minute Accusations
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
The successors of the Apostles, the only ones in a position to end his rampage, must demand his resignation and, should he refuse as expected, act in this unprecedented emergency to declare his removal from the office he has criminally abused and whose very credibility he threatens to destroy.
Gun-control advocates believe that the government "capitulated" too soon.
I'm not sure if he should have.
They raised one procedural issue after another while claiming that the committee majority was “bullying” Ms. Ford.
President Trump noted that President Obama and his advisers had information that the Russians had been working to interfere in the election and they ignored it, because they thought Hillary Clinton was going to win.
Justice was served, but not at the expense of charity, and there was no question of taking vengeance on the culprit.
….The assault on our country at our Southern Border, including the Criminal elements and DRUGS pouring in, is far more important to me, as President, than Trade or the USMCA.
An expert is warning the plague that has sickened over 2000 people in Madagascar since August is impossible to eradicate.
In this case, an autonomous monastery is alive and vital.
When an apostolic visitation, compelled by mounting public pressure, confirmed the charges against Pineda, he was forced to resign, even as Maradiaga dismissed the incontestable proofs against him as “slander.” Viganò notes that “the only thing that has been made public is that his resignation has simply been accepted, thus making any possible responsibility of his and Maradiaga vanish into nowhere.”
Our orders have been cut.
Our only Lord has addressed also to me the invitation, “Follow me!”, and I intend to follow him with the help of his grace until the end of my days.
It also included the false claim that Glenn Greenwald worked with Wikileaks on the Snowden papers.
“She is under consideration.
However, the materials are drafted in such a way that any Christian, Jewish, Muslim, or atheist parent can feel comfortable using the curriculum.
[10] We’ll pass over “dynamic fidelity” in silence for now…
unlimited distribution) in any form.”
“You can’t be both recused and making decisions about the investigation,” he said.
So, each time something like this happens, they’re back at Square One, trying to figure out motive.
I didn't think it could get any worse than that.
Wills’ naïve, inaccurate, misleadingly sunny view of the Qur’an, of course, accords with that of his fellow Leftist Catholic, Pope Francis.
This critical time in the history of the Catholic Church demands that the laity step forward to protect the Church, its children and seminarians from predators.
It may even prove a political masterstroke of sorts for Trump.
My guess is that one of two things will occur with the FBI investigation: (1) Absolutely nothing will be found, and this will have been a huge waste of time or (2) look for this thing to expand and the need will arise to make this more of a circus than it already is, which will dwarf anything Clarence Thomas had to face from the slanderous accusations of Anita Hill.
The source told the Beacon that Bolton is “acutely aware of the danger the Iranian regime poses to the region.”
Perhaps these are the reasons, but perhaps it is more or less complex than this.
And, if the necessary results aren’t computed, they will skewer the results.
The New Yorker article also noted that the magazine “has not confirmed with other eyewitnesses that Kavanaugh was present at the party.”
When the Libyan President was murdered publicly and gruesomely with a knife, Clinton was filmed whooping and cheering.
And now it’s going to be done to us.”
It is fake news about a fake news story.
Yet another Obama dirty deal with Iran that we're just learning about now.
Run for your lives!
In light of the McCarrick scandal, the conversation takes on new meaning...
He also conducts church services for homosexuals.
“Official School Records Support Claims That Rep. Ilhan Omar (D-MN) Married Her Brother,” by David Steinberg, PJ Media, October 23, 2018 (thanks to Mark):
Medicare for all, that will never happen.
Is it any wonder Habib Powell was a major White House source of the negative leaks to the enemedia?
The October Synod is yet another example of Church leaders exploiting Catholic youth for their own personal power agenda and selfish motives.
The unmasking of McCarrick exposed the pervasive prelate coverup of homosexual sexual predation in the American Catholic Church.
That is something that they need to decide.
“At the time of St. Teresa she was an example of someone balanced.
The length of the Mueller-McGahn sessions led Trump to the conclusion the special counsel is “looking for trouble” because they “they know there is no Russian Collusion.”
No items were lost during the evacuation.”
Even in dismay and sadness over the enormity of what is happening, let us not lose hope!
Islamic institutions have to be made to buffer their lip-service against terror with actually doing something about it.
But the system that keeps on protecting him is.
Nonetheless, this unverified allegation has been aggressively exploited by the Democratic leadership because it shifts attention away both from its failure to mount an effective electoral challenge to Trump and from the damaging contents of the emails.
Seminarians called for a more “participatory” administration.
He is a former professor of constitutional law at UMKC Law School.
My daughter is not doing that.’ My daughter told me that if she didn’t do the assignment, then she was going to get a [detention] slip,” Penkoski added….
* Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker
Indeed, I also knew how certain Cardinals such as Mahony, Levada and Wuerl, were closely linked to McCarrick; they had opposed the most recent appointments made by Pope Benedict, for important posts such as Philadelphia, Baltimore, Denver and San Francisco.
Medical treatment (which legally includes food and water) can be withdrawn from patients who fail to demonstrate that they will recover sufficiently to return to an autonomous lifestyle.
“The valiant and prophetic initiative of Pope Pius XII to create Associations and Federations opened up contemplative life, though it was also thought that it could harm cloister and autonomy.
You may opt out at anytime.
The FBI instead passed the material to the White House, as an update to Kavanaugh's background check, which already had been completed, the person said.
In his report on Monday night, Carlson then described the emails he obtained, which Breitbart News also obtained.
He had offered various options for her to testify publicly or privately or to be interviewed by committee staff in her home state of California, whichever setting would make her more comfortable.
A few jumped or crawled to openings in the fence onto U.S. soil but quickly ran back as Border Patrol agents approached.
I think that is very, very likely.
Broward County supervisor of elections Brenda Snipes’ office has admitted “they don’t know” how many ballots there are still to count.
She’s been one of the most powerful women in two Republican administrations.
Excuse the gay slang pun but, the chickens have come home to roost.
That the death penalty can become an instrument of revenge, and that unjust sentences are sometimes handed down can be dismissed as irrelevant to the argument.
The messages “potentially indicated or created the appearance that investigative decisions were impacted by bias or improper considerations,” the inspector general wrote…
[all emphasis in original]
It's going to infringe on the rights of those who don't commit crimes and need a gun to protect themselves or be part of the constitutional militia.
Pompeo said the Saudis “understand the serious nature” of Khashoggi’s disappearance, and would conduct a thorough and “timely” investigation.
In 2015, Collins handed O’Malley a letter addressed to the pope from Juan Carlos Cruz, a Chilean abused as a boy by Chilean prelate Fernando Karadima, who was sentenced by the Vatican to a lifetime of penance in 2010.
Blind to corruption and out of his depth, but there have been worse than he as well.
Louis Farrakhan Refers to the U.S. as "Great Satan" during a Tehran University Speech; Says to Iranians: If You Persevere in Your Revolution Despite the Sanctions, "Victory Will Be Yours."
As Paul Sperry writes at the New York Post, working with Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) and backed financially by George Soros’s money, Ford’s lawyers spent the last few days gaming the system.
DB: Among those who should be especially horrified are those of us in the journalistic community.
No, you can't act like a child and keep your pass.
Storms on Neptune appear as giant dark ovals, a bit like Jupiter’s Great Red Spot.
Everyone seems to have forgotten, or ignores, that North Korea, South Korea and the United States remain in a state of war.
“You know what they’ve said in their legacy papers? That they are residents of India. You are forcing them by law to lie that they were persecuted and came from Bangladesh,” Sibal said.
True or false?
Let us heed the most powerful message that St. John Paul II left us as an inheritance:Do not be afraid!
Today, President Donald J. Trump signed Executive Grants of Clemency (Full Pardons) for Dwight Lincoln Hammond, Jr., and his son, Steven Hammond.
“In addition to stopping all payments to these countries, which seem to have almost no control over their population, I must, in the strongest of terms, ask Mexico to stop this onslaught — and if unable to do so I will call up the U.S. Military and CLOSE OUR SOUTHERN BORDER!” Trump said on Twitter.
“The students read the chapter in our textbook that discusses Christianity’s belief that Jesus is the Son of God, and salvation.
I trust that the seminaries I choose, very discriminately, to help form our men will not ignore this type of scandalous behavior, and I will continue to verify that expectation.
The CAA and NRC are together for these reasons the greatest acts of social poisoning contrived by a government in India since the British introduced the census in 1872, which began the process of hardening religious boundaries, which set the stage for the Partition in 1947.
The GOP elite also played a crucial role in throwing open U.S. markets to China and ceding transnational corporations full freedom to move factories and jobs there and ship their Chinese-made goods back here, free of charge.
Neither Manafort nor these “Russians” are in the visitor logs.
You don't drain the swamp by appointing the swamp.
It is therefore my duty to reveal what I know about this, beginning with the Roman Curia.
Putting your legal hat on, objectively speaking, yes they knew, the evidence will prove it based on the documents and your client, crimes committed on a high level?
He also said that Soros has "ruined" millions of lives via his "mafia network."
The students received 2 pages for Christianity from this resource while all the Islamic sections were left intact.
That's exactly it.
“Any public discussion of these options, and any messaging about the Iranian regime in general, should make a bright line distinction between the theocratic regime along with its organs of oppression and the general populace,” according to the plan.
take our poll - story continues below
The whole world has seen what happens to religious life that takes on the VaticanTwoist New Paradigm.
For those still wondering, Bergoglio isn’t a shock, he isn’t even a surprise; he’s just the logical end result.
It causes others to sin in their thoughts, words, and deeds — which is the very definition of scandal.
Guns.com reported on some of the statements made by some of these mayors.
There is probably nothing more inhospitable than homosexual gang rape.
The immune system’s response to the virus is what’s deadly.
The IG also found that the FBI moved slowly on new evidence that could have damned Hillary Clinton, and did so for reasons that make no sense.
Who are these bishops that think they can play fast and loose not only with the moral theology of the Catholic Church, but also with the immortal souls of their flock?
We should never be letting any young man go into any diocesan seminary without being a property owner.
He didn’t provide any support for his claim, which is contrary to evidence Kiko and Irving presented to Congress.
take our poll - story continues below
Second, the Trump administration has been far tougher on Russia than President Obama ever dreamed of being.
And though she has a huge laundry list of things the AMA supports, she fails, like every other Socialist and Communist, to tell us exactly how these measures keep people safe and weapons out of the hands of criminals.
Ford obviously has mental issues and that was on display on Thursday during her testimony.
If this were done, the civil authority would no longer have to judge a cardinal, but a pastor with whom the Church had already taken appropriate measures to prevent the cardinal from abusing his authority and continuing to destroy innocent victims.
The first of that numberless host of Christian martyrs who would be put to death by constituted authority for testifying to the truth, Christ commanded His disciples to “Follow me!” Inviting all to Calvary to “suffer under Pontius Pilate” with Him, He granted a meritorious share in accomplishing “the mystery which hath been hidden for ages and generations, but is now made manifest to his saints” to all who, like St. Paul, would “now rejoice in my sufferings for you and fill up those things which are wanting of the sufferings of Christ in my flesh, for his body which is the church.
On the day the nuclear deal was implemented in 2015, Tehran had some $5.7 billion worth of assets at Bank Muscat in Muscat, Oman, according to Senate investigators, who said Tehran moved quickly to request access to the U.S. dollar.
Initial symptoms can include fever, headache, joint and muscle aches, weakness, diarrhoea, vomiting, stomach pain lack of appetite and in some cases internal and external bleeding, according to WHO.
Matt Dixon, bureau chief of Politico, tweeted on Wednesday that the Democratic party volunteer call came during Florida’s ballot recount after ballots were allowed to be amended.
Higgins and his well-staffed website Bellingcat have taken on for themselves the role of arbiters of truth on many foreign affairs issues, taking a prominent role in advocating for narratives that promote US and NATO hegemony while demonising Russia, especially in highly contested arenas such as Syria.
Another Sound Weapon Used To ATTACK US Diplomats: This Time In China
These numbers follow Obama's projections of the expected amount of refugees permitted to come to the US.
While the debate rages anew over familiar topics following such tragedies — tougher, more restrictive gun control laws and bolstering security at public schools — the revolution in homeschooling has been taking place quietly, behind the scenes and off the radar screens of most political organizations.
The timing is eerily propitious and providential based on the 5 year deadline.
There is also a group of people out there that have to be friends with everyone (and have to apologize to any that they may have told the truth lest they should convict them unto godly repentance (2 Corinthians 7:10) as they congregate week after week deceiving themselves into believing that they are demanding a lawful change just as long as it does not offend anyone (Matthew 5:10).
Three statewide races in Florida are headed to a recount and all depend on results from a county whose supervisor of elections has a history of losing ballots and breaking laws by allowing illegal immigrants and felons to vote, as well as illegally destroying ballots.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) is planning a procedural vote on Saturday to formally move to the nomination, followed by a potential confirmation vote by the full Senate as soon as Tuesday, Politico reports.
Image: The US recalled non-essential embassy staff from Havana, Cuba, after potential sonic attacks in 2017
The samples were gathered after health officials in Equateur Province notified Kinshasa on May 3 of about 21 cases of a hemorrhagic fever in the Ikoko Impenge area, including 17 deaths, according to WHO and Congo's government.
Article posted with permission from The Washington Standard
Path taken: for 15 years they have organized formation courses: on-going & initial formation, and for formators.
As Michel Martin pointed out in an article in Rome et d’Ailleurs for September-October 1983, “The truth is that the problem of the death penalty is insoluble except from a Christian point of view.” That it figured so prominently in Christian societies is due to the fact that, in the order of charity, atonement to God was sought above any atonement due to man, and the spiritual welfare of citizens above their physical well-being.
Moreover, a new question arises:
Give me another position.
“In emergency rooms across the country, the carnage of gun violence has become a too routine experience.
“Teen who made national news after having #MAGA hat stolen at a San Antonio fast food restaurant just got this in the mail.
Doesn’t that just mean there are two popes now?
At the Hammonds’ original sentencing, the judge noted that they are respected in the community and that imposing the mandatory minimum, 5-year prison sentence would “shock the conscience” and be “grossly disproportionate to the severity” of their conduct.
Everything that has happened has been in complete and perfect continuity between the Before Church and the After Church; there has been no rupture or break with the past.
Both Harris and Warren stand accused of breaking fundraising rules by sending out fundraising emails asking for donations to support their votes against Justice Brett M. Kavanaugh.
With the weather blessing, one prays explicitly for protection against hail, lightning and drought.
We must do this always with loving respect for individuals but with a clear understanding that true love can never exist without truth.
“I think this is a misplaced mercy.
Dina Powell, a Valerie Jarrett/Huma Abedin Pal, Should Not Be UN Ambassador
And just what kind of policies are we talking about?
take our poll - story continues below
“These contexts have changed.
What of the New Testament?
Smith says that “the rules in Florida are f***ed up” and that Florida is a “cracker state,” explaining that the Florida legislature has to become racially black for Gillum’s agenda to advance.
“So, we have to stop demonizing people and realize the biggest terror threat in this country is white men, most of them radicalized to the right.
Wasserman Schultz kept paying her until March 17 — 12 days after Alvi went to Pakistan with $12,000 in a suitcase.
In several statements, Shah has left out Muslims while talking about a nationwide NRC. “We (BJP) will remove every single infiltrator from the country except Buddha, Hindus and Sikhs,” Shah said on April 11 at a rally in West Bengal. A BJP handle tweeted this statement but subsequently deleted it.
So far, five states have passed “red flag” laws that allow police agencies to confiscate guns from someone deemed to be “dangerous” by either a law enforcement officer or a family member BEFORE the individual has committed any crime, and in one State (Rhode Island) the governor issued an executive order implementing a “red flag” law.
“Democratic staff was invited to participate and could have asked any questions they wanted to, but they declined.
The “Countering Violent Extremism” is trash and needs to be thrown in the garbage.
From the pulpits in America today we here the events unfold of Sodom and Gomorra and how Abraham should have prayed longer in hopes that God would have spared them rather than the righteous people in Sodom and Gomorra doing what God had commanded.
She said she would argue as a child advocate that Barros was involved in sexual exploitation of children.
Monsignor Jean-François Lantheaume, then first Counsellor of the Nunciature in Washington and Chargé d'Affaires a.i.
This is political theater over a man who is not an originalist and not a strict Constitutionalist.
Two guys on my ship did the same thing and weren’t treated as criminals.
"To be clear, no Whataburger employees were involved or witnessed the incident, and we ask that questions be directed to San Antonio PD as we continue supporting their efforts.”
Can any Hindu, if out of NRC, hold the Citizenship Amendment Act as a shield?
They’re helping me examine this document, having kindly volunteered to serve as consultants, to help me understand it from an inside position.
A wave of affection and admiration flowed from the council over the modern world of humanity….
That polemic seeks to shore up the collapsing Novus Ordo establishment lest it give way to the dreaded traditionalist revival.
It’s as simple as that,” Freeman-Wilson said.
Comrades, these jokes you have been listening to are thought crimes!
For though unpleasant, it is not unfair to say that if there was one desire common to Bernie Sanders, Ted Cruz and Donald Trump voters, it was be rid of the regime resting on top of all of us.
It is as if a one-way moral screen has been pushed back to expose the imperialism of liberal democracies: the commitment to endless warfare and the division and degradation of “unworthy” lives: from Grenfell Tower to Gaza.
And they know they’ll win, because this is their base today.
Because of the loss of income during his imprisonment, as well as earning below his potential when he collected garbage, he and his wife Sadie lost their home to foreclosure.
Political parties — or anyone else — can also get the publicly available cure affidavits and send them to voters who had a mail-in ballot rejected to encourage them to fix the ballots.
That apparently was too much for Facebook, which declared “only you can see this post” because it “goes against our Community Standards.”
It has been at the forefront of the relentless, and unhinged, attacks on Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn for prioritising the rights of Palestinians over Israel’s right to continue its belligerent occupation.
I think the question would not even occur to a man like Ratzinger.
Trending: WATCH: Lingerie Clad Hottie Attempts ‘The Cannonball’ On Lake In The Dead Of Winter – Pain Ensues
The embassy in Beijing said it could not link the case in China to the health issues suffered by its staff in Cuba.
But then, what was the Pope’s purpose in asking me that question: “What is Cardinal McCarrick like?” He clearly wanted to find out if I was an ally of McCarrick or not….
Influential Roman: I know you are his friend.
Circuit Court of Appeals.
“The car basically blew up,” said witness Kamren Hernandez.
No, it never happened.
You know what, guys?
And indeed, far from being an isolated “prisoner of the Vatican,” Benedict has received many guests all of whom report that, though frail, he appears content and never utters a word of criticism.
It is unclear why Manafort would have wanted to see Assange and what was discussed.
We never anticipated that 29% of Latinos would vote for Trump.
Liberals Agree – Trump Tougher on Putin than Obama Was
You also agree to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Investigators have yet to determine a motive for the Wednesday night attack or evidence that anyone else was involved.
While government schools — and even many private schools — pretend religion played no significant role in history, my curriculum addresses the crucial role religion played in the development of Western civilization.
Congress’ Top Cop: House Democratic Caucus Server VANISHED In Muslim Spy Ring Investigation
It was also clear that, from the time of Pope Francis’s election, McCarrick, now free from all constraints, had felt free to travel continuously, to give lectures and interviews.
So Davis then sorta disavowed his own statements.
Yet the police still failed to storm Sarah Halimi’s apartment and rescue her.
GOA Executive Director Erich Pratt writes:
Cardinal Angelo Sodano was Secretary of State until September 2006: all information was communicated to him.
“All of a sudden, the hearings are over, and the rumors start coming out,” Trump said.
He followed the advice of someone he knew well to be a pervert, thus multiplying exponentially with his supreme authority the evil done by McCarrick.
Is this not exactly what Cardinal Marx – and others who are thinking like him – are doing?
Patel joked that being gay cannot be a choice because “no one looks in the mirror and thinks, ‘this black thing is too easy, let me just add another thing to it.’”
An employee of the American embassy in Guangzhou was diagnosed with a mild traumatic brain injury
“There were a lot of us in the run-up to Sept. 11 who had seen warning signs that something devastating might be in the planning stages.
a DACA capitulation.
"A hearing on Monday is not possible and the Committee's insistence that it occur then is arbitrary in any event,” Katz wrote in a letter.
Given this, one would have expected the Guardian’s editors to have insisted on the most stringent checks imaginable before going to press with Harding’s story.
If Kavanaugh isn’t on the bench Monday, the Supreme Court will be shorthanded as it begins hearing cases in its new term.
Again, and I have asked this before, how do you fight the Deep State by putting Deep State operatives in these positions?
Genesis 19:4-5 The angels then proceed to blind all the men of Sodom and Gomorrah and urge Lot and his family to flee from the cities to escape the wrath that God was about to deliver.
And I think that has just been blown up and I think we are back to square one in the Vatican."
But on Tuesday, officials said that at least three of those who were targeted in the raid, but were not apprehended, had since been arrested for additional crimes.
Not since the Great Recession has the foreign-born working-age population declined for five consecutive months—but now, in telling contrast, the economy is expanding.
McCarrick is the last straw.
In the name of the transparency so hailed by the Pope, the report that the Visitator, Argentine bishop Alcides Casaretto, delivered more than a year ago only and directly to the Pope, must be made public.
Somehow I don't think a white congressman would get away with saying that he agrees with David Duke on the environment but isn't especially concerned about his racism.
One aspect of legislative analysis that I learned early was that the terms used are of utmost importance.
But doesn't believe white people are devils or Jews are satanic.
He was arrested and transported to Yuma Station.
“I’ve seen little that has changed.”
Although he is still in a foreign embassy and actually has Ecuadorian nationality, his right of passage out of that embassy should be guaranteed by the British government.
After the enactment of the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) on December 12, 2019, a wave of protests against the law began taking place in different parts of India. These were soon followed by protests in several other countries. While analyzing how various organisations covered the protests, Alt News found that the coverage of Asian News International (ANI), the New Delhi-based news agency, was skewed. ANI published multiple reports and tweets on pro-CAA demonstrations abroad but failed to report a single overseas anti-CAA protest.
Information has come out that the Crown Prosecution Service tried to prevent the Swedes from giving up the case against Julian on bogus sexual assault charges.
But she is already coming under criticism from some conservatives on social media who maintain that Powell is a “globalist” not closely enough aligned with Trump’s “America first” approach to foreign policy.
“He expressed an interest in seeing some of the latest statements made by Farrakhan vis-a-vis Jews, which we promptly shared with him.” The official said the ADL had shared information with Davis about Farrakhan’s anti-Semitic statements, and that the organization was waiting to hear back from him.
Trump praised Braun as a man who didn't need the position and is not a career politician.
According to the JTA, when Tlaib was asked if she would vote against military aid to Israel, Tlaib responded: “Absolutely, if it has something to do with inequality and not access to people having justice.
Then Peter, filled with the Holy Ghost, said unto them, Ye rulers of the people, and elders of Israel,
Yet, they have no testimony of the power of God unto salvation by the cross because they do not practice what Christ required: “Deny yourselves and take up your cross and follow Me” (Matthew 16:24; Romans 1:16; 2 Corinthians 5:15, 13:4-5; Galatians 2:21).
Well, why is that?
My own feeling is that there is a great deal of collusion between the Australian, the British and the US governments–meant to close down WikiLeaks completely and/or deliver Julian Assange to the Americans.
Comey’s follow-up letters to Congress on October 28 and November 6, 2016 were similarly criticized.
One Trillion Stars
They made money, often big money, while WikiLeaks and Assange struggled to survive.
Ridicule the Enemy.
And who is the biggest pusher of Common Core besides leftist progressives?
For, behold, I have made thee this day a defenced city, and an iron pillar, and brasen walls against the whole land, against the kings of Judah, against the princes thereof, against the priests thereof, and against the people of the land.
Later, a special counsel, Robert S. Mueller III, was appointed to carry out the investigation.
Faced with the backlash, the Guardian quickly – and very quietly – rowed back its initial certainty that its story was based on verified facts.
The UK Home Office meant that our visit could cause violence from Muslims.
Democrats are trying to drag the confirmation process into the next Congress where they hope to seize control from Republicans.
The group also passed a resolution backing red flag laws that allow “family members and law enforcement to seek court permission to temporarily remove guns from a person in crisis.”
Who am I to judge set the tone for merciful embrace of homosexual priests.
This is important as most actual "refugees" drop everything to flee their homelands if they are under threat of death.
Ford “really doesn’t want to testify,” he said.
He also blasted American support for Saudi Arabia, Iran’s arch-rival in the region, and added, “Satan seeks to divide Muslims and wants them to kill each other, while God tells us in the Quran to be united.”
Ms. Ford’s unsubstantiated accusation can completely destroy Judge Kavanaugh’s life by causing irreparable damage to his reputation for integrity and good character and to his career, which he has built up during decades of public service.
Patrick J. Buchanan: Boehner's Right—It's Trump's Party Now | Articles
Trump’s lawyers, Rudolph W. Giuliani and Jay A. Sekulow, said in a telephone interview that the president was not ordering the inquiry closed but simply expressing his opinion via the social media platform.
Is the FBI racist (and maybe a bit sexist)?
Preorder The History of Jihad From Muhammad to ISIS.
But this report of 2009 shows a clear picture of a Roman congregation determined to see the revolution through to its inevitable conclusion.
It also goes against everything that scientists thought they knew about how forms on Neptune live and die.
“He’s expressing his opinion, but he’s not talking of his special powers he has” as president, Giuliani said.
What does our propaganda war entail?
No background check would weed out felons, those with mental illness, domestic abusers or possible terrorists.
The attorney general had been accused of “softening or watering down his report,” Gowdy said, “When the reality is it was Jim Comey who softened and watered down his press release, announcing no charges against Secretary Clinton.
“They know to protect themselves by avoiding mass gatherings and mass funerals.
In fact, every single migrant who crosses over into our country will more than likely commit at least 28 crimes in order to present themselves as legal.
You may opt out at anytime.
Sources have said Manafort went to see Assange in 2013, 2015 and in spring 2016 – during the period when he was made a key figure in Trump’s push for the White House.
And if they can't whitewash this, they'll ignore it.
“This alleged event from 35 years ago did not happen,” the nominee said Sunday of Ford’s accusations.
From time to time he resumed Koranic recitation.
I am not saying that such a case has been proven.
Long live the Fifth Estate!”
So to that end, Gun Owners of America has released the recent voting records of your congressman and senators.
You may opt out at anytime.
It is sober fact that death sentences were liberally handed out in the heyday of Christendom, when the Faith was strong and governments legislated with an eye to the spiritual welfare of citizens whose sights were primarily on future bliss in heaven.
And if Trumpism is not the future of the GOP, it is hard to see what a promising GOP agenda might look like.
She did send it,” said Burnadette Norris-Weeks, an attorney who works as counsel to the Supervisor of Elections Office.
We will simply lose….We absolutely have to get that Muslim majority living in many of our towns and cities on our side, more attuned to Western values than some pretty hardline interpretations of the Qur’an.”
That has to be national security interest that should have been raised in CFIUS.
All the same, evil is part of ordinary life.
Under terms of the settlement, the government has agreed to waive its prior restraint against the plaintiffs, allowing them to freely publish the 3-D files and other information at issue.
Bikoro, however, is not far from the Congo river – an essential waterway used for transport and commerce.
overcome isolation and promote regular observance and contemplative life.
Perhaps it would be enough for him to be able to remain with his feet on the ground and not try to turn reality upside-down, blinded by his pro-gay ideology, as he stated in a recent interview with America Magazine.
(a). Such persons shall be deemed to be citizens of India from the date of their entry (on or before December 31, 2014) into India, and
The point is to delay confirmation by slandering Kavanaugh and baiting the Republicans into appearing to abuse victims of sexual assault.
This is nothing, it didn’t happen, and he didn’t rape me.” Even if one explains this behavior as the natural reaction of a frightened teenager to a highly traumatic incident, that does not explain why, by her own admission, she “told no one of the incident in any detail until 2012, when she was in couples therapy with her husband,” according to the Washington Post article.
If the Democrats take over the Congress, Nancy Pelosi has already said that passing gun control is one of her top priorities.
There has been a great deal of effort to keep separate acts which fall under the category of now-culturally-acceptable acts of homosexuality from the publically-deplorable acts of pedophilia.
You may opt out at anytime.
“It was a foolish mistake by a very young man,” Saucier’s lawyer, Greg Rinckey, said.
And 36 years can distort memories, one way or another.
That will never happen.
When it was my turn, I just had time to say to him, “I am the Nuncio to the United States.” He immediately assailed me with a tone of reproach, using these words: “The Bishops in the United States must not be ideologized!
A colossal Neptunian storm just vanished before our eyes
That clear partisanship should be no surprise, given that Higgins now enjoys an “academic” position at, and funding from, the Atlantic Council, a high-level, Washington-based think-tank founded to drum up support for NATO and justify its imperialist agenda.
And if you are unchastely propositioned, abused, or threatened (no matter by whom), or if you directly witness unchaste behavior, report it to me.
With these appointments the Nunciature in Washington was now out of the picture in the appointment of bishops….. By now the faithful have well understood Maradiaga’s strategy: insult the victims to save himself, lie to the bitter end to cover up a chasm of abuses of power, of mismanagement in the administration of Church property, and of financial disasters even against close friends, as in the case of the Ambassador of Honduras Alejandro Valladares, former Dean of the Diplomatic Corps to the Holy See….
let’s investigate my RAPE allegations against Bill Clinton, too.
Gun Control Is Now Truly Impossible
It depends on whether you are a resident of Assam, which has already had an NRC exercise, or whether you belong to another state. While Assam is the only state to have an NRC, first prepared in 1951 and finally updated in 2019, the proposed nationwide exercise would be a first for the rest of India. Legally, there is no paradigm yet for a nationwide NRC.
Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court?
“Christian Parent Furious After School Instructs Children To Write Out Their Submission To Allah,” by Joshua Gill, Daily Caller News Foundation, May 17, 2018 (thanks to the Geller Report):
The Kavkaz Center, a website operated by Chechen jihadists, explained in a 2010 article that the idea of Ramadan as a time for warfare against infidels went back to Muhammad’s time: “The month of Ramadan in the life of the Prophet (pbuh) and the righteous ancestors was a month of forthcoming.
A misconception is also being created that the minorities living in India will have to prove their citizenship now. The entire nation should know that no documents would be required to prove citizenship under the new law. It actually seems ridiculous that some people are talking about Rohingyas. As far as the Rohingyas are concerned, many of them have been involved in terror activities in Myanmar. Some people are also citing Article 14 and Article 21 in their bid to prove that the government has violated these two Articles of the Indian Constitution, whereas the fact is that CAA violates none of these Articles.
The apex court fixed January 22 for hearing 59 anti-CAA petitions, including those filed by the Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) and Congress leader Jairam Ramesh. RJD leader Manoj Jha, Trinamool Congress MP Mahua Moitra and AIMIM leader Asaduddin Owaisi have also filed pleas against the act.
The Diocesan Working Group on Pastoral Care for Homosexuals (dahop) is rejoicing about such a welcome from a parish.
Wills is no more trustworthy when he deals with the question of violence in the Qur’an.
President Trump had previously shuttered the Russian consulate in San Francisco and smaller annexes in Washington and New York.
The Justice Department inspector general on Thursday castigated former FBI Director James B. Comey for his actions during the Hillary Clinton email investigation and found that other senior bureau officials showed a “willingness to take official action” to prevent Donald Trump from becoming president… Some senior bureau officials, the report found, exhibited a disturbing “willingness to take official action” to hurt Trump’s chances to become president.
The Pope defends his man, Cardinal Rodriguez Maradiaga, to the bitter end, as he had done in Chile with Bishop Juan de la Cruz Barros, whom he himself had appointed Bishop of Osorno against the advice of the Chilean Bishops.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
And Ms. Ford may be overestimating the integrity of the "supportive" lawmakers and lawyers currently handling her.
“The JCPOA purposefully destroyed the carefully created global consensus against the Islamic Republic,” said the source, who would only speak to the Free Beacon on background about the sensitive issue.
Are we afraid of being disliked by people in this world?
The nuns were exhorted to “stay awake to welcome the dawn” of a bright new future:
Recommendations include further informing Congress about future negotiations with Iran, requiring the Treasury Department to give notice of specific licenses, reviewing all Iran deal-related licenses, and increasing policing of US sanctions policies.
2.3k SHARES Facebook Twitter
But it is also about freedom of speech, about our right to know, which is enshrined in the United States Constitution.
Furthermore, it would contradict what Scripture teaches us from Genesis all the way to Revelation every step of the way.
There is going to have to be a shift in attitude in our remaining faithful institutions.
At the outset of the hearing, Grassley provided an overview of what Kavanaugh had gone through –including the Democrats’ sordid behavior— since President Trump announced the judge’s nomination on July 9.
When he heard that the Council was being convened, then-Cardinal Montini is supposed to have sighed, “This holy old boy doesn’t realise what a hornet’s nest he’s stirring up.”
Indeed, once the government discerns and labels the elements of Islamic law that threaten the American Constitution, any preaching and spreading of those elements in America must be labelled as seditious.
Now in the United States a chorus of voices is rising especially from the lay faithful, and has recently been joined by several bishops and priests, asking that all those who, by their silence, covered up McCarrick’s criminal behavior, or who used him to advance their career or promote their intentions, ambitions and power in the Church, should resign.
We have seen a similar pattern in the Skripal affair.
As a consequence, the two pontifical documents are to be held as normative in force for monasteries of nuns and must be read in a unitary vision.
There's a part of me that thinks this may actually turn out to be one of the biggest turnouts for a mid-term election that we've ever seen, but that's just my gut feeling.
In his remarks to members of Congress Tuesday that were televised by the media, President Trump went on to admit that he realized he needed to clarify his statements in Helsinki.
Democrats are trying to drag the confirmation process into the next Congress where they may seize control from Republicans.
There has always been a so-called mainstream which really comes down to great power in media.
“That was a disgrace what we watched up there."
Professor Chinmay Tumbe, Professor of economics at Indian Institute of Management-Ahmedabad, and author of India Moving: A History of Migration
But, like the vaccine being administered, it has not been tested for safety or efficacy yet.
Khecharem is not some deluded fanatic raving on a Tunisian street corner.
I’ve been praying that prayer even more earnestly in these past weeks as the Church in the United States has once again come face-to-face with its sins, with reports that former cardinal Theodore McCarrick, one of the most prominent Churchmen in the United States in the last quarter century, has been accused of abusing two minors and sexually harassing or assaulting a number of seminarians and young priests.
WikiLeaks has done that all over the world.
The report shows how State Department and Treasury Deparment officials during the Obama era quietly gave a special license for a major Omani bank to do business with two U.S. banks.
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
WikiLeaks Exposed Clinton
What of that lone prophet, Elijah?
POGO co-signed a letter to Senator Dianne Feinstein and Senator Grassley along with a variety of lefty groups demanding Kavanaugh records.
Children are being used as human shields in a campaign to end national security forever.
She is facing federal re-entry after deportation charges.
I will not stand for this in my diocese any more than in our seminaries.
Last month, O’Malley denounced the pope’s controversial defense of the Chilean bishop.
CNN only mentioned it when it embedded Jake Tapper's tweets about the support for Farrakhan by Women's March leaders.
“This leaves us with very strong evidence that the Pope was, in fact, aware of what has happened,” Yore said.
“What’s often called political correctness is politeness,” Clinton said.
Many people were tortured and were starved to death there.
It suggests another word and that is “immunity.” It has a moral immunity, a cultural immunity, a geopolitical immunity, a legal immunity, and certainly a media immunity.
Our closest neighboring galaxy is also known as Messier 31 or M31.
Al Qaeda operative also were given safe refuge in Iran….
I think they will become an American hero out of all of this, but apparently, he was fighting and begging and pleading and saying the Russians are here, they are doing this, why are you paying attention?
If Said Khecharem were a non-Muslim saying that Muslims needed to destroy “the filthy Jewish entity” and conquer America, Britain, Russia, France, and Italy, he would be accused of “Islamophobia” and “bigotry.” But no one will take any particular notice of this.
A handful of Democratic lawmakers alarmed at the prospect of being exposed as frauds and publicly humiliated wrote Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, and FBI Director Christopher Wray on Tuesday.
In February 2017, Kiko and the House’s top law enforcement official, Paul Irving, outlined serious violations in a letter to the committee, and the family was banned from the House computer network.
We are a Church made of sinners, but we are sinners called to sanctity.
In her email, Mario touts Google’s multi-faceted efforts to boost Hispanic turnout in the election.
As his lawyer told reporters, Strzok had “played by the rules,” but been targeted by “unfounded personal attacks, political games and inappropriate information leaks.”
BACON Q: [redacted] is your email address, isn’t it?
Remember those photos of migrants taunting security forces while sitting on top of the border fence?
Some very strange things are being said by senior members of these two governments.
She is a hijab-wearing, devout Muslim, and Islamic Jew-hatred is in the Quran.
Because Trump had the temerity to mention jihad terrorism.
Quite simply: an orthodox Catholic who has had enough of the homosexual-infested regime of novelty imposed on the Church by the old men of the Council, Bergoglio merely being the latest, the highest placed, and one of the last.
In November 2000, Nunzio Montalvo sent him his report, passing on to him the aforementioned letter from Father Boniface Ramsey in which he denounced the serious abuses committed by McCarrick.
This makes the Trump Era immigrant workforce decline especially striking.
take our poll - story continues below
“They [Guardian editors] knew that publishing this story would cause partisan warriors to excitedly spread the story, and that cable news outlets would hyperventilate over it, and that they’d reap the rewards regardless of whether the story turned out to be true or false.”
The book illustrates how the Jihadist Psychopath has successfully built his totalitarian plantation -- on which many in the West are now enslaved and dutifully following his orders.
Special Ed: Voices fro... Dennis Bernstein Best Price: $2.49 Buy New $5.00 (as of 06:30 EDT - Details)
solemnly professed: 170
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Additionally, if the document submitted is in the name of an ancestor, then another document proving relationship was required to be submitted — such as a ration card, LIC/bank document or an educational certificate that contains the names of the applicant as well as the parent/ancestor.
North Korea can’t today seriously threaten North America with missile strikes, but it probably will by 2019.
No, he will not be confirmed.
For him, this was a big correction (and as I noted the day before, it was an absolutely necessary one).
Project Veritas Action Fund will continue to publish undercover reports in this series.
The inspector general made clear when he launched his investigation in January 2017 that “his review will not substitute the OIG's judgment for the judgments made by the FBI or the Department regarding the substantive merits of investigative or prosecutive decisions."
Of course, Swisher meant Eric Holder and Clinton corrected her, adding, “Yeah, I know they all look alike."
In 2013, Obama began bringing into the US literally over a hundred thousand people, mainly below age 21.
In the last months of his pontificate, Pope Benedict XVI had convened a meeting of all the apostolic nuncios in Rome, as Paul VI and St. John Paul II had done on several occasions.
The concept of making guns with 3D printers in an age where just one year can render much technology obsolete shouldn't surprise anyone.
Many of the Islamic groups that vet American public school textbooks for the accuracy of their material on Islamic doctrine and history are Saudi-funded.
There are many things that we heard from Ford on Thursday that indicate there is more going on than she was willing to say.
In the meantime, it’s important to prevent oneself from contracting the virus.
“When older generations say you need to stop being so sensitive, it’s like undermining what our generation is trying to do in accepting others and making it safer.”
The sisters have gone to other Carmels, except some who have gone to state geriatric homes.
I think a young man goes forward in great faith, spends ten to fifteen years studying philosophy and theology - fields that have almost no application in the workforce outside academia or the Church - with the honest, and frankly fair, expectation of a lifetime of employment and a safety net at the end.
Murillo’s email continues by including another headline, this time from the New Yorker’s Benjamin Wallace-Wells: “Latino Voters Show Trump What It Means to Be American.” That piece was written on Nov. 7, 2016, the day before the election.
I did not do this back in high school or at any time."
Since the loss of its empire after the Second World War, Britain has been eager to play a secondary role to the new imperial power.
Especially after the recent spate of sexual assault charges––many of them true, some false, others contested–– politicians consider bucking the narrative to be as politically suicidal as proposing to reform Social Security and Medicare.
Furthermore, this nightmare of a “sinod" is inviting youth from ages 16-29 to mingle with the Bishops to discuss the Church, faith and vocations.
And when Peter was come to himself, he said, Now I know of a surety, that the Lord hath sent his angel, and hath delivered me out of the hand of Herod, and from all the expectation of the people of the Jews.”
Outgoing Flake, and good riddance, said that he sided with his colleagues in having a "limited time and scope" investigation by the FBI into the allegations against Kavanaugh.
Ravi Nair: The present questionnaire designed for the National Population Register is meant for security purposes only. The creation of a surveillance state. The questionnaire is not based on the Census of India Rules. The welfare schemes delivery system is covered by the existing Ration cards, Below Poverty Line (BPL) cards, the MNREGA work cards, voter ID cards and the intrusive Aadhar card scheme. The government and ruling party argument that it is for delivery of welfare measure is specious to say the least
Despite Wasserman Schultz’s relationship with Awan, in April 2017 — two months after he was banned from the computer network — the IT aide appeared to put the congresswoman at risk.
Is it any wonder that priests and laity alike are changing their attitude on the "gay lifestyle" and violations of the Sixth Commandment when so many bishops are working to remove the stigma attached to this sin that Scripture tells us cries to heaven for vengeance?
Oliveira said that police seized 60 AK-47, AR-10 and G3 rifles Barbieri had sent to Rio’s international airport last May to supply drug traffickers operating in Rio de Janeiro slums.
The committee held a four-day public hearing from September 4 to September 7 during which Kavanaugh testified for more than 32 hours in public.
(Read the whole story HERE.)
Other anti-CAA petitioners include the Jamiat Ulama-i-Hind, All Assam Students Union (AASU), Peace Party, CPI, NGOs 'Rihai Manch' and Citizens Against Hate. Several law students have also approached the apex court challenging the Act.
“They are probably hurting right now.
where I was staying.
The Freedom Center emerged victorious, but it is clear that leftist hate groups such as the SPLC and Color of Change.org are preparing new attacks against the Freedom Center and other conservative groups and individuals 24/7.
As the DC roommate and protege of Ted McCarrick, Farrell so respected McCarrick, the Molester, that he fashioned his Coat of Arms as a tribute to Uncle Ted.
It was only when he was forced by the report of the abuse of a minor, again on the basis of media attention, that he took action [regarding McCarrick] to save his image in the media.
The non-Muslims are nothing but dirt.
Why can't America focus on it's own issues and solve those?
Fox News reported recently that in a February 2003 radio interview, Green Party activist Ernest Hancock said to Kyrsten Sinema, who is now Arizona’s Democrat candidate for Senate: “As an individual, if I want to go fight in the Taliban army, I go over there, and I’m fighting for the Taliban, I’m saying that’s a personal decision.” Sinema responded: “Fine.
With this story, it has done what it regularly does when supposedly vital western foreign policy interests are at stake – it simply regurgitates an elite-serving, western narrative.
In short, a monastery must be autonomous, but heaven help the community that asserts its independence.
The main email, headlined, “Election results and the Latino vote,” was sent on Nov. 9, 2016—the day after Clinton’s loss to Trump in the 2016 presidential election—by Eliana Murillo, Google’s Multicultural Marketing department head.
What Christ did was to sanctify the death penalty, transforming it into a sacrament of life for those who believe.
And hours after The Daily Caller News Foundation asked prosecutors about the disclosure, Awan’s lawyer said he had learned of the forthcoming story from a source on Capitol Hill.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
They range in age from 18 to 62 years old.
“As per our records, there are 31,313 persons belonging to minority communities (Hindus- 25447, Sikhs – 5807, Christians – 55, Buddhists – 2 and Parsis – 2) who have been given long term visa on the basis of their claim of religious persecution in their respective countries and want Indian Citizenship. Hence, these persons will be immediate beneficiaries.”
The letter was sent to U.S.
At that point, after the Ralston tweet, Murillo openly admits the partisan motives of Google’s electioneering efforts.
First, one way to help test the veracity of old claims is to ask whether there is any contemporaneous corroboration.
Indeed, by his action he has divided them, led them into error, and encouraged the wolves to continue to tear apart the sheep of Christ’s flock.
#Update: Teen who made national news after having #MAGA hat stolen at a San Antonio fast food restaurant just got this in the mail.
Now, many who have seen what took place both in the Oregon trials and the Bundy Ranch trials are calling on President Donald Trump to issue a pardon for Steve and Dwight Hammond.
It was if everyone there was embarrassed to recognize that one of their brethren was being brutalized.
We’re going to take strong action to secure our election systems and the process.”
Pro-Sharia Democrat Congressional Candidate Ilhan Omar Defends Tweet On “Evil Doings Of Israel”
The Bible then informs us, "Before they had gone to bed, all the men from every part of the city of Sodom — both young and old — surrounded the house.
After Gilani retained a lawyer, Bacon had offered a settlement where they’d split the money, but Gilani declined it.
The Cardinal told me that he knew nothing about it.
Why is he still allowed to call himself a “Catholic theologian”?
She was arrested Feb. 26, 2018 in Johnson County Kansas.
Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border?
Harding is not a defacement or a departure from the norm, but the personification of it.
Yet Mr. Horowitz saw no reason to doubt the sincerity of Comey's explanations for giving Hillary a free pass.
But Orbán’s defense of conservative values has led to breaking ties with Soros, whom he now criticizes as a foreigner meddling in his country’s affairs.
He corrupted generations of seminarians and priests and Pope Benedict ordered him to withdraw to a life of prayer and penance.” The Pope did not make the slightest comment about those very grave words of mine and did not show any expression of surprise on his face, as if he had already known the matter for some time, and he immediately changed the subject.
That said, President Trump made clear earlier in the week that US officials must make efforts to differentiate between the people of Iran and its ruling regime.
The native-born American employment index rose to 106.6 from 105.4 in April.
Now, the Church especially blesses people, but also deeds and objects.
Trump signed the order on Friday, and it went into effect on Saturday.
Is this not treason of the first order?
No other Catholic prelate has conducted such a blanket purge of his predecessors' legacies, The New York Times reports.
You would need a larger bakery.
A sense of alarm is also evident going by the arrests and the brutal crackdowns on students and protestors in Delhi and Uttar Pradesh. The number of protestors may be small but a determined counter-mobilisation in society has begun and nothing terrifies the party more than the power of a spectacle that can galvanise the public; it would, after all, have vivid recollections of what the India Against Corruption (IAC) movement did to UPA-II. Equally, the BJP will also be seeking a compelling image and a plausible narrative of protester excess and wait for the tide of majority opinion to change.
In the meantime, a delegation of the USCCB, headed by its president Cardinal DiNardo, went to Rome asking for a Vatican investigation into McCarrick.
Teen Who Had MAGA Hat Ripped Off Head Gets New One Signed By Trump
In another setback for the propaganda machine gearing up to impeach Viganò’s testimony, the Catholic Herald has just reported that Cardinal Wuerl must have known full well from Viganò himself that McCarrick was under Pope Benedict’s papal sanctions on account of his sexual misconduct because, as an Archdiocesan spokesman now confirms, at Viganò’s request as then papal nuncio Wuerl had to cancel a public appearance by McCarrick not long before Bergoglio’s election.
There are other consequences of the NRC to be mindful of. Those declared non-citizens will either be moved to detention camps or live out their lives as stateless citizens. This would entail stripping of voting rights for potentially millions, in effect turning the NRC into a vast gerrymandering exercise, in ways that can be beneficial for the BJP. BL Santosh, a BJP-RSS leader from Karnataka, recently said the concentration of Muslims and Christians in some areas is dangerous, and stated that “this has to be resolved.” Rendering minorities stateless in key constituencies and handing out citizenship to groups that can vote for the BJP, as the party plans to do in Bengal, would be one way of dealing with this.
Yet, beneath the savagery of the uncivil war in the party lies more than personal insults and personality clashes.
President Trump hired him knowing all of that.
There has been no pressure from media in the United States, Britain, Australia or pretty much anywhere except in programs like yours outside the mainstream.
The Obama administration — despite repeatedly assuring Congress that Iran would remain barred from the U.S. financial system — secretly mobilized to give Tehran access to American banks to convert the windfall of cash it received from sanctions relief under the 2015 nuclear deal into dollars, an investigative report by the Senate has revealed.
Even though Senator Feinstein had the letter in hand, she never brought up the charge during the public hearing, nor during her own meeting with the judge.
And he killed James the brother of John with the sword.
There is more.
There's also a quote from an Obama spokeswoman claiming that, “President Obama has denounced racism and anti-Semitism his entire life.
On his flight from Riyadh to Ankara, Pompeo reiterated his confidence that the Saudi government would conduct a “thorough, complete, and transparent investigation,” adding that they will “show the entire world” the results.
In June, the Supreme Court ruled specifically on this case noting that collecting such information actually does constitute a search and therefore requires a warrant.
As he sees it, “the bishops of Germany who will meet next week for the Spring Assembly of the Bishops' Conference find themselves in a complicated situation,” where they will have to show their colors.
The museum’s website tells us:
The King of Germany then appointed Clement II as Pope, who promptly crowned the King, Holy Roman Emperor.
Benedict reacted, despite Sodano’s strenuous defense, and Maciel was found guilty and irrevocably condemned.
Sentiment isn’t going to be much comfort when the young man is no longer so very young and finds himself standing on the street outside the chancery with no skills, no money, no job, (no health insurance) and no prospects.
Democrats, it turns out, used the extra time created through their delaying tactics to produce two new women with questionable claims against Kavanaugh.
Such circular “reasoning” would be amusing if it were not so emblematic of what one writer called “Kavanaugh Derangement Syndrome."
The only compelling “expression of the Church’s pastoral concern for the young” belongs in the full and transparent cooperation of criminal investigations into predatory homosexual predation.
While there are a couple of provinces in Indonesia that impose Sharia law on Muslims, most non-Muslims are exempt.
The pandemic was officially declared over back in January 2016, when Liberia was announced to be Ebola-free by the WHO.
As usual with the neocons, Israel’s interests came before those of the United States.
The first task Francis gave Carballo was the demolition of the Franciscan Friars of the Immaculate.
A word must be said on the full meaning of penalty.
“You didn’t give a damn back then.
Coincidentally, MEK was classified as a terrorist organization by the United States and its allies—during this training period—until none other than Hillary Clinton suddenly removed them from the list in 2012.
87 is the average Indonesian IQ , and note that average includes the higher average Chinese, so the locals really are a dull lot.
He therefore called for a prompt intervention by the Holy See.
Aiken was unqualified for her role, except in the ways that mattered to the Clintons and their Dem allies.
Abid’s attorney, Jim Bacon, used the life insurance lawsuit to force Gilani to sit for a sworn deposition Oct. 4, 2017 in which he told her to reveal what she told the FBI about the congressional criminal probe and tried to get her to find out details from investigators.
But, practically speaking--in the real world--this kind of "accompaniment" is only green-lighting vice and mortal sin, and as such constitutes a hideous violation of everything these bishops supposedly believe as Catholic priests.
The world and our worldly bishops were, unsurprisingly, of one mind.
The article stated falsely and maliciously that Horowitz's Restoration Weekend, that DeSantis had attended, was somehow “a racially charged event” -- a vicious lie that Frontpage has exposed and for which the Washington Post is still to apologize and issue a retraction.
But one must realize that this council, which exposed itself to human judgment, insisted very much more upon this pleasant side of man, rather than on his unpleasant one.
A Statement from the White House read as follows:
On January 26, 2020, ANI tweeted multiple images from a pro-CAA rally in Edinburg. The tweet said, “Scotland: Members of Indian diaspora demonstrate in Edinburgh, in support of #CitizenshipAmendmentAct.” ANI also uploaded a 90-second video on their website as well.
Eleven months of Trump has not come close to undoing the damage done by eight years of Obama.
Releasing instructions for their manufacture, which now only circulate on the dark Web, will lead directly to the loss of more innocent lives.
There are several guards, and visitors have to provide their identity to enter it.
She could do little else.
I worked for the Guardian for a number of years, and know well the layers of checks that any highly sensitive story has to go through before publication.
And how deeply has America been compromised?
Bush-Obama "open borders" brought in tens of millions of Third World peoples, legally and illegally, to rising resistance from Americans forced to bear the economic and social costs.
Muslims anxious to use schools and textbooks to proselytize for Islam have found a welcoming environment in American public schools that are indefatigably committed to multiculturalism.
This is how one explains that, as members of the Congregation for Bishops, the Pope replaced Cardinal Burke with Wuerl and immediately appointed Cupich right after he was made a cardinal.
Treasury's acting under secretary for terrorism and financial intelligence during the Obama administration, Adam Szubin, claimed that "Iranian banks will not be able to clear US dollars through New York, hold correspondent account relationships with US financial institutions, or enter into financing arrangements with US banks."
With the imperative to be “tolerant” robbing many educators of their ability to evaluate non-Western cultures critically, all too many public schools and individual teachers have proven to be susceptible to an organized campaign by U.S.-based Islamic organizations and their primary benefactor, Saudi Arabia, to present a view of Islam that whitewashes its violent history and intolerant doctrines.
A lack of vocations is with us as a reality in everyday life.
Do they believe their old agenda of open borders, amnesty, free trade globalism and democracy-crusading can become America's agenda again?
Yore, who has handled child abuse investigations and clergy abuse investigations throughout her legal career, was commenting on the latest sexual abuse case to touch the Francis papacy, in this case where the Pope appointed a bishop with a history of complicity in child sex abuse.
It is very similar to what happened to Ray McGovern.
The Left is driving more kids OUT of public schools
Hersh also reported additional names of former U.S. officials paid to speak in support of MEK, including former CIA directors James Woolsey and Porter Goss; New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani; former Vermont Governor Howard Dean; former Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation Louis Freeh and former U.N.
Justice is overdue for Dwight and Steven Hammond, both of whom are entirely deserving of these Grants of Executive Clemency.
“The only reason this transaction wasn’t executed was because two U.S. banks refused, even though the administration asked them to help convert the money.”
He has ruled out cancelling or suspending billions of dollars in arms deals with the oil-rich country.
You are so annoyingly good.
Viganò Doubles Down, Accuses Francis of Losing Sight of Christ
The CAA does not disturb the status quo of any Indian citizen. It simply gives legitimacy to persecuted religious minorities who are already residing or have been forced to seek refuge in India and were compelled to flee from their "home" countries after facing religious persecution. Muslims are not a minority in Pakistan, Bangladesh or Afghanistan, hence Muslims have been excluded from CAA.
“The probability the current Iranian theocracy will stop its nuclear program willingly or even under significant pressure is low,” the plan states.
The modern world’s values were not only respected but honored, its efforts approved, its aspirations purified and blessed.
But more significantly, it bolsters the otherwise risible claim that Assange is not a publisher – and thereby entitled to the protections of a free press, as enjoyed by the Guardian or the New York Times – but the head of an organisation engaged in espionage for a foreign power.
Not only was he slow-playing the Clinton investigation, he may be the only reason she was never charged with a crime.
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Those surveyed said by 40 percent to 31 percent that the Senate shouldn't vote to approve his nomination, the first time a plurality of Americans have opposed a Supreme Court nominee since polling on the issue began.
Smith adds that because not all Democratic voters are the same, that the Gillum campaign needs to appeal to “white guilt” to turn out the vote:
Ezekiel 16:49-50 declares, "Now this was the sin of your sister Sodom: She and her daughters were arrogant, overfed and unconcerned; they did not help the poor and needy.
Maury County Director of Schools, Chris Marczak, defended the curriculum: “It is our job as a public school system to educate our students on world history in order to be ready to compete in a global society, not to endorse one religion over another or indoctrinate.” Porterfield, however, shot back: “They are not going over anything else.
Meetings for prioresses.
All of the people named by Ford have already submitted statements that they have no memory of the event ever occurring, including a female friend of hers at the time.
Recently, I received a newspaper article from a confused, biblically illiterate friend asking me what my take was on an article titled, “Scripture teaches to submit to authorities” with reference to Romans Chapter 13.
I have watched Assange’s health deteriorate in his years of confinement without sunlight.
So it likely doesn't represent his views.
As we've found before, our older measure of American Worker Displacement understated the problem.
Prohibiting persons convicted of domestic violence crimes or subject to final domestic violence restraining orders from acquiring or possessing firearms; and
We must not think that we are at war with the entire religion.
It is not about the Faith at all.
On December 28, 2019, Twitter user @nasthu posted images from the protest in Warsaw and said, “#NRC_CAA#NRC_CAA_Protests A true patriot can’t sit as a mute spectator- Protest from Warsaw, Poland.”
Orbán and Soros have a history, beginning in partnership and ending in acrimony.
Trump To Sessions In Series Of Tweets: ‘Stop The Rigged Witch Hunt NOW!’
The diocese’s own media report makes a reference to Amoris Laetitia, as well as to Cardinal Reinhard Marx's recent initiative.
Florida Governor Rick Scott's office estimated that over 318,000 evacuees arrived in the state in the wake of the hurricane, and Federal Emergency Management Agency aid for Puerto Ricans living in Florida hotels will start to expire Friday.
Communist Door Boy Attacks Teen Trump Supporter
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Even Pope John Paul "The GREAT's" Vatican clarified the Church's teaching on October 31, 1986, in the “Letter to the Bishops of the Catholic Church on the Pastoral Care of Homosexual Persons”:
Fox News reports:
The organizers replied that the person in charge of tech had to leave early, but Patel continued to claim that he was being cut off because the audience didn’t like his jokes.
Their names were not among those presented by the Nunciature for Chicago and Newark.
Francis and Farrell’s 'Sinod' on the Youth, #StopThe Synod2018
Border Patrol statistics for May are not yet available.
As details continue to surface, the pontiff’s professed empathy for abuse victims has come into question as well.
We showed no care for the little ones; we abandoned them,” Francis said.
If you want to be loved, then know your place.
For now, Grassley needs to end this farce if Ford doesn’t show up on Thursday or continues to negotiate for more delays and concessions.
"The U.S. Conference of Mayors registers its strong support for extreme risk protection order laws and urges both states and the federal government to enact such laws," the group wrote.
But Mueller reportedly is keenly interested in a widely studied June 2016 Trump Tower meeting arranged by Donald Trump Jr., which included a Russian attorney who promised to hand over negative information about Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.
No one forced J Street to collaborate with anti-Semites.
Omar Smith, a Gillum campaign staffer who went to college with the candidate, says on video that if Gillum is elected, none of the things outlined in his platform would happen.
Voters have responded favourably and Orban is a clear leader of all polls.
Rather, what I am saying is that this hypothetical imperfect council could determine that it has been proven and act accordingly, and that the Church would judge any resulting deposition of Bergoglio in the same manner it judges the deposition of Benedict IX.
If there is anything to remember Gillard by, it a warmongering, sycophantic, embarrassing speech she made to the US Congress soon after she demanded the illegal cancellation of Julian’s passport.
The FBI agents told my client that they were briefing the President about his conduct.
Traditionalists have been told that for years.
In the days of Christendom, condemned criminals were given every opportunity to make their peace with God, in many cases the date of execution being delayed in order to accomplish this purpose.
This email leaked to Fox News and Breitbart News and is now likely to become a centerpiece in the case that Google is throwing its weight around to interfere in elections in the United States in a partisan manner against the duly elected President of the United States.
And then, sadly, the allegations were leaked to the press.”
As a result, anti-gun liberals all over the country are using Trump’s own words and proposed gun control policies as a rallying cry to enact gun confiscation laws.
Why would the autopsy report be something that needs to be withheld from the public or his family?
North Korea called his ‘or else’ bluff.
Defense Attorney : What are the names of the other boys and the girl who were present?
Meanwhile, the UK banned three bishops from areas of Iraq and Syria where Christians are persecuted from entering the country.
“They are not going to learn any other religion, doctrines or creeds and they are not going back over this chapter.
The Church’s teaching is clear that the homosexual inclination is not in itself sinful, but it is intrinsically disordered in a way that renders any man stably afflicted by it unfit to be a priest.
My partners have sent notes and are saying the same thing — time to keep working harder.”
The evils we encounter in our day-to-day lives might not be a spectacle, like jihadists beheading a journalist on live television.
These include his role in the case of Fr.
The leaders of the Islamic Republic of Iran order their people to chant “Death to America” in mosques every Friday, and repeatedly vow that they will ultimately destroy the United States of America and the state of Israel.
Persecution of religious minorities has mainly stopped in both Afghanistan and Bangladesh, but there are reports from immigrants from Pakistan, that this is not the case in that country.
(The exact message, time-stamped 1:50 p.m., reads "Yes, bc potus wants to know everything we are doing.")
Saucier, who lives in Vermont, pleaded guilty in 2016 to taking photos inside the USS Alexandria while it was stationed in Groton, Connecticut, in 2009.
FDR and LBJ gave us the modern welfare state and dependent classes automatically voting Democrat; the full bill on the damage they did hasn’t yet been presented.
Erdogan later complained that the interior walls had been repainted in recent days.
With just weeks to go till the 2018 midterm elections, there are lots of seats up for grabs.
Whether or not he is guilty of these allegations is left to be determined.
Blanc argued that the administration was transparent with Congress, referencing Lew's own testimony.
DB: What would be your strongest plea for Julian Assange?
Immigrations and Customs Enforcement (ICE) arrested more than 150 illegals in the San Francisco Bay Area this week -- no thanks to the Democrat mayor of Oakland, who tried to warn the constituents of her sanctuary city of impending ICE raids.
In the latest Project Veritas midterm election sting, staffers working for Florida Democratic candidate for governor Andrew Gillum are caught on camera revealing Gillum’s campaign promises are lies and making racist statements about Florida voters.
Teresa of Avila and John of the Cross - wanted.
Thus VDAWDI—VDARE.com's American Worker Displacement Index, unveiled in 2004 and still unique—fell to 126.2 in May from April's 127.0 level.
Trump’s newly named Secretary of State, Michael Pompeo, is also an ardent neocon.
SNL Indian Comedian Silenced for "Offensive Jokes" at Columbia
But the even the conservative non-Main Stream Media is currently too steeped in economic euphoria to notice.
It did not allow Iran to conduct commercial transactions in foreign currencies via the US banking system.
Carlson then pointed out how the Trump admin has reacted to fake news by attacking Syria—twice.
Judge Andrew #Napolitano on Brett #Kavanaugh and the #PatriotAct At Mises University, Judge Andrew Napolitano breaks down some of the troubling parts of Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh's legal career.
The incident, which was captured on video and has since gone viral, reportedly happened Tuesday at one of the burger chain’s restaurants in San Antonio.
An FBI official told the New York Daily News on Thursday that the letter has not yet resulted in a criminal investigation.
They threaten almost all of South Korea’s capital Seoul north of the Han River and some US military bases and key airfields, notably Osan.
#Immigration #CaravanaMigrantes #Border #undocumented #ARMY pic.twitter.com/eNsrqJz9Lu — John Moore (@jbmoorephoto) November 3, 2018
The arrests included 115 who "had prior felony convictions for serious or violent offenses, such as child sex crimes, weapons charges and assault, or had past convictions for significant or multiple misdemeanors."
But this calls for active diplomacy, not military action.
Commission members said bishops should call the police when they discovered predator priests, rather than phone the nearest religious retreat to “park” the priest out of harm’s way.
Over 100 Red Cross volunteers in #Equateur province (50 in #Mbandaka, 60 in #Bikoro) now mobilized to fight the spread of #Ebola in #DRCongo.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
I would love to believe that the fact Julian has never met Manafort is bound to be established.
I don’t know.
Et Tu, Benedict?
The duty is, therefore, not to suppress the Council, but to discover the real Council and delve deep into what it truly wants with regard to what has happened since then.
Hadeed: You’re not answering the question.
Iran Admits To Aiding Al-Qaeda and Facilitating 9/11 Jihad Terror Attacks
And the second mistrust harms the future of the Church, since our future priests are at stake.
Every one of those guys needs to be able to snap his fingers in the face of the rector and walk straight into a decent job, based not on any recommendation from a corrupt bishop, but on his solid skills.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
For those heavy into it, that’s their thing, but it ain’t my thing,” he said
Longtime Geller Report readers have been hearing about this cybersecurity breach by Muslim IT staffers for well over a year.
[…] “That is when the Final Solution began.
Does a monastery really need all of its members to have PhDs in philosophy and theology?
By the gift of the Spirit who sustains me with joy on the path that I am called to travel, I intend to do so until the end of my days.
- Bishop Thomas Olmsted of Phoenix, Arizona, issued a statement affirming that he has known Viganò for 39 years, has “always known and respected him as a man of truthfulness, faith and integrity” and that his testimony should “be taken seriously by all…”
In 1965, the year the Council closed, although the tally of murders had risen to 9,850, only 7 were executed.
I would like to make a special appeal to Cardinal Ouellet, because as nuncio I always worked in great harmony with him, and I have always had great esteem and affection towards him.
Because Bolton, as an arch neocon, was fanatically pro-Israel and feared that North Korea might provide nuclear technology to Israel’s foes.
Of course, Trump has inherited a problem that has existed for several administrations, both Republican and Democrat, for decades.
take our poll - story continues below
When visiting Egypt, Habib-Powell had assured the locals of how Bush, after September 11, “visited a mosque, took off his shoes and paid his respects.” “I see the president talk of Islam as a religion of peace, I see him host an iftar every year,” she gushed.
Asked if the Saudis had informed him whether Khashoggi was alive or dead, Pompeo said, “I don’t want to talk about any of the facts.
Francis’ wink and nod to the homosexual lifestyle landed him on the cover of the Advocate, the gay magazine, as its Man of the Year.
The failures that killed the Bush party, and that represented departures from Reaganite traditionalism and conservatism, are:
It will soften opposition when the UK moves to arrest Assange on self-serving bail violation charges and extradites him to the US.
While the letters and emails of recent days are sober reminders that there’s still a long way to go in restoring trust, I nonetheless welcome the efforts to hold me accountable to you, the faithful of this archdiocese.
But to be clear, in the specific situations at hand, we are talking about deviant sexual — almost exclusively homosexual — acts by clerics.
Similar blessings for homosexual couples are currently taking place, or are being considered, also in Gemany, some of them on the diocesan level, some of them on an individual level.
And we don’t know answers to that, quite frankly.”
Interactive forums allow students to engage with and learn from each other.
Julian Assange has never been more isolated.
Put to the test the Dems’ claims that a critical mass of women, many of them with sons they don’t want falsely accused, believes the fundamentalist feminist narrative and will vote accordingly.
The last-minute accusations from Christine Blasey Ford, a woman who claims that decades ago Kavanaugh groped her at a high school party, and Deborah Ramirez, who accused Kavanaugh of exposing himself to her at a frat party at Yale, are transparent acts of aggression against the judge and Republicans, one engineered by the Democrats.
They are rooted in bigotry toward a belief about what Muslims are stereotyped to believe.”
Its obsession with “modernization” leads it to only adopt the vices of modernity.
a) A community that has given good testimony of fraternal life in common with “” composed of at least eight nuns of solemn vows, “as long as most are not of advanced age”.
A common tactic of politicians who want to initiate changes is to “ask questions” rather than make suggestions, and Arostegui asked some very leading questions indeed in this closing address:
Scanlan said his reaction to hearing that Francis has revived the commission was “hopeful but cynical.” Like Saviano, he said the panel accomplished little in its first incarnation.
A litany of lives of total moral, physical, emotional devastation suffered by victims of homosexual clerics.
Now, Rep. Davis would really like to emphasize that the ADL is wrong and he loves Farrakhan.
She points to the extended length of formation for new nuns - previously six years for Carmelites and under Cor orans now nine years, as absurd, saying it will tend to impede new vocations.
Explain to Catholics why would you headline a homosexual affirming speaker at a Synod for youth and seminarians?
2. The Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2016 says that the citizenship of OCI cardholders can be cancelled on 5 grounds;
#CBP has reopened lanes for legitimate trade and travel.
One Malaysian Muslim said that the Qur’an led him to join the Islamic State.
It is probably the only journalistic organization that has a 100% record of accuracy and authenticity!
pic.twitter.com/MzQoN4mbrr — Andrew Dyer 🛴 (@SDUTdyer) November 13, 2018
President Donald Trump on Tuesday issued presidential pardons to two Oregon cattle ranchers, Dwight and Steven Hammond, convicted in 2012 of committing arson on federal lands near their ranch.
The health body has released £738,000 ($1m) from its Contingency Fund for Emergencies to support response activities for the next three months.
And now, some of the strange sounds have been now been recorded and released to the public.
And they laid hands on them, and put them in hold unto the next day: for it was now eventide.
Ravi Nair, Executive Director, South Asia Human Rights Documentation Centre, New Delhi
The letter, which is an attempt to usurp the powers vested in the president, asks the three agencies to defy the presidential directive.
These weren’t the actions of a “tiny minority of extremists,” abhorred by the vast majority of peaceful Muslims for “hijacking” their religion.
“No enactment of man can be considered law unless it conforms to the Law of God.” –William Blackstone, English Common Law
ZMapp is also an experimental drug that could aid in the recovery from the Ebola virus.
There is as of yet no proven cure available for Ebola, though some vaccines are being tested.
!” the lawyer, Lisa Page, wrote to Strzok.
One homework assignment in Walton County, Georgia, stated: “Allah is the [blank] worshiped by Jews & Christians,” with students having to fill in the blank with “same God.”
Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller
That’s when, on Clinton’s watch, we learned that the NSA was gathering personal information on members of the United Nations Security Council, including their credit card numbers.
“I can’t answer that,” Horowitz said, adding that it had been sent to Rod Rosenstein’s department at the DOJ.
In many parts of the world, Britain is still the biggest corporate investor.
As we have seen, the death penalty has a very long history.
So when, in 2016 he issued a document on contemplative nuns, the faithful braced for impact .
The report recalls that Facebook censored Glazov in April for posting screenshots of a Muslim’s threat to him.
Saying, What shall we do to these men?
Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back?
Now how does Farage propose to do that?
number of nuns: 178
The content of these course, of course, is to be formulated by teams of “experts” chosen by the Federation.
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
This allegedly occurred during the same period in 2016 the DNC was hacked.
Therefore, it is something of a thorn in the Bergoglian side, and he has repeatedly expressed his contempt for it.
Every one of us is born on Death Row and lives out his allotted lifespan in its shadow without hope of reprieve.
The other doesn't.
Suspiciously, Ford can’t –or won’t— say when or where the alleged incident happened and can provide few details.
Here’s a look what drove the panel’s creation and what to expect in the future.
It's difficult to see how "ghost guns" could ever be regulated by the government.
That’s just what they claimed about Pamela Geller and me: that our visit could cause violence and disrupt community cohesion.
The definition of treason is giving aid and comfort to the enemy.
The Dems are using Ford and Ramirez as part of the Democrats’ transparently dishonest delaying tactics because they know that most Republicans have accepted this duplicitous feminist narrative and fear challenging it.
The scope and one-week limitations were what Senator Jeff Flake proposed just prior to the vote that passed the Kavanaugh nomination out of committee and to the Senate for a vote on his confirmation.
Then he says it’s “ugly” to accuse others of sinning.
It just says he was “known.” And even if he did act weirdly or strangely, if we denied constitutional rights to everyone in that category, a majority of Americans would have no rights, and ALL of Congress would have no rights.
In 1757, he had begun searching for Halley’s Comet, but the calculations given to him had sent him to a different section of the sky.
Obama’s Treason: Even Worse Than We Thought
But he can’t be happy.
Luke Harding and the Guardian Publish Still More Blatant MI6 Lies
For the best part of a decade, any claims by Assange’s supporters that avoiding this fate was the reason Assange originally sought asylum in the embassy was ridiculed by corporate journalists, not least at the Guardian.
The obvious question I have is: Why are you not stopping those payments now, Mr. President?
BREAKING NEWS: TRUMP TELLS JEFF SESSIONS TO PUT AN END TO RUSSIA PROBE AS HE CLAIMS PROSECUTORS DOING MUELLER’S ‘DIRTY WORK ARE A DISGRACE’ TO AMERICA
They actually contradict her story on a key detail.
As the video begins, the man says, “… supporting the president.
“She knew this would have a huge effect on her life and she was incredibly brave to come forward.”
Then the princes, the governors, and captains, the judges, the treasurers, the counsellors, the sheriffs, and all the rulers of the provinces, were gathered together unto the dedication of the image that Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up; and they stood before the image that Nebuchadnezzar had set up.
Andromeda is located outside the galactic plane, and it does not contain any clusters or nebulae of the Milky Way; it does contain other visible galaxies, though.
It means that we have kept quiet.
In his 2005 book Memory and Identity, John Paul referred to homosexuality as an “ideology of evil,” insisting of so-called 'gay marriage' that:
Ford is already doing an excellent job destroying herself without Republican assistance.
Irmgard Lehner, the pastoral assistant of the Wels-St. Franziskus Church, the other of the two parishes that welcome homosexual couples, appreciates this blessing ritual for Valentine's Day, saying it has “an enormous power.” During the ceremony, couples come forward in church and receive a hand on their foreheads and a sign of the cross.
In sum, the Guardian published a story today that it knew would explode into all sorts of viral benefits for the paper and its reporters even though there are gaping holes and highly sketchy aspects to the story.
The government is not going to be able to ban guns, and limits on the size of bullet magazines will be even more laughable than before.
I am tired of sin.
Officials in Nigeria, Guinea and Gambia have incresaed screening measures along their airports and borders, measures which helped contain the virus during the West African epidemic that began in 2013.
“We thus stress the high value of relationships,” explains Lehner.
And finally, in a bizarre tweet, Greenwald opined, “I hope the story [maligning Assange] turns out true” – apparently because maintenance of the Guardian’s reputation is more important than Assange’s fate and the right of journalists to dig up embarrassing secrets without fear of being imprisoned.
“Being grieved that they taught the people, and preached through Jesus the resurrection from the dead.
And he said, I will not do it for forty's sake.
The Muslim Brotherhood document, the Explanatory Memorandum, has made it clear that the Brotherhood’s objective is to destroy our civilization from within by our own hands with the influence of these groups.
But he lashed out at Obama officials, saying that his prosecution was politically motivated, prompted by sensitivity about classified information amid the scandal involving Clinton's emails.
Article posted with permission from Constitution.com
The Muslim Brotherhood's leaders praising Hitler, calling for another Holocaust and killing Jews is nothing like the Holocaust.
“I’ll have to get back to you on that,” Horowitz said, and the IG was “not sure” if any of the communications had involved classified or top secret material.
Osama bin Laden made it clear why al-Qaeda sought to attack the US.
Wired has the story.
You may opt out at anytime.
"The people of Indiana do not have a one-week memory,” said Trump.
Francis has proclaimedpreposterously that “authentic Islam and the proper reading of the Koran are opposed to every form of violence.” Wills’ book accords well with the present-day Catholic Church’s head-in-the-sand posture toward Qur’an-based Islamic jihad violence and the Muslim persecution of the ancient Christian communities of the Middle East.
“I could have just taken the pardon by President Trump and gone on with my life,” Saucier said to Fox News, adding that he feels an obligation to get to the truth of what he sees as a double standard that let Clinton get off scot-free.
It is the DRC's ninth known outbreak of Ebola since 1976, when the deady viral disease was first identified in then-Zaire by a Belgian-led team.
Other anti-CAA protests ANI “missed out”
What would be the grounds for a declaration of deposition at such a gathering of prelates?
It has also triggered debate about whether statutes of limitations should be expanded.
It is a true disgrace.
In fact, as the National Catholic Reporter piece said, the meeting itself was “unprecedented,” 1200 formators of religious life gathered by the Congregation for Religious in order to hear the new marching orders.
This began driving away heterosexuals, as well as homosexuals who upheld the Church’s teachings on chastity and celibacy.
As a result, Robert "LaVoy" Finicum was killed by Oregon State Police.
Maybe she realizes the magnitude of what her accusations have unleashed.
Each Carmel has its own spirit, its own tempo, it’s own ‘feel.’ Each nun is called not just to the Order, but to a specific Carmel.
I demand the highest standards, and where they are not met, I take action,” Sessions added.
Many neighbours, woken by the old woman’s screams or the assaulter’s religious chanting, called the police Some gave details about the exact location of the assault, the attacker’s identity, the fact he vilified his victim as a Jewish person and as “a Satan” while hitting her, or even — as far as the Muslim neighbours were concerned — the Koranic portions he chanted.
You are a socialist, you are way out of left field…”
Therefore special concern and pastoral attention should be directed to those who have this condition, lest they be led to believe that the living out of this orientation in homosexual activity is a morally acceptable option.
Leading scholar of Islam and JihadWatch.org Director Robert Spencer, meanwhile, is not just a target at Facebook, where his referrals are down 90% from what they once were; he has been banned by Patreon at the behest of MasterCard -- and MasterCard has yet to respond to his lawyer’s letter.
What's even more amazing, but not surprising, is that Gillum has claimed that his opponent is a racist, but the video demonstrates the utter racism of Smith, which one can then conclude that Gillum knows about Smith's racism and keeps him on staff anyway.
And through the abandonment of his duty to shepherd the Church, he made way for the worst papacy of all time – one he steadfastly refuses to oppose in word, deed, or even the subtlest gesture.
You will notice all the faith elements were left out for Judaism and Christianity while the Islamic section was left the way it’s presented.
The Cuban government continues to deny they attacked U.S. diplomats with a sonic weapon, and very little additional information is known about those who suffered through the strange ordeal.
And if a blind man leads a blind man, both will fall into a pit.” (Matthew 15:14)
Since Obama planned to have over a million Muslim refugees brought into the US over a short period of time, along with the hundreds of thousands of illegal immigrants coming in, one can understand the reason the Feds had to have the Walmart stores and so much land, as they needed housing for the millions they planned to bring in.
After the commission’s three-year mandate expired in December, Francis relaunched it on Feb. 17 with some members reappointed and nine new members added, some of whom are victims of abuse, although the Vatican declined to say which, opting to respect their privacy.
So, let me get this straight (I know, lots of luck with that one): These are the people that are going to "accompany us" and our children in the "synodal Church" with its new orientation, overseen by a "God of Surprises" who is uber-merciful and doesn't judge, and headed up by a pope who, according to Father Thomas Rosica, "breaks Catholic traditions whenever he wants, because he is 'free from disordered attachments'?''
Now even the distinguished canonist Edward Peters, who is no less than a Referendary of the Apostolic Signatura appointed by Pope Benedict XVI, declares that if Viganò’s allegations are true then Bergoglio must go:
Kritarch Saris thought she knew better and has been running a deliberate campaign to prevent the deportation of these Chinese illegal aliens.
“The employee was sent to the United States for further evaluation.
Sagacious gun owners have always known that the ultimate goal of gun control extremists such as Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, Dianne Feinstein, et al., has always been gun confiscation.
They want to prosecute Assange and maybe hang him from the rafters in Congress, but what about Judith Miller and The New York Times lying the West into war?
Read more here about Ebola and how it is transmitted:
Among the criteria that can contribute to determine a judgment concerning the suppression of a monastery, after having examined all the circumstances, the following points should be considered as a whole: the number of nuns, the advanced age of the majority of the members, the real capacity for government and formation, lack of candidates for a number of years, lack of the necessary vitality in living and transmitting the charism in dynamic fidelity[10].
All the Dems have to do is squeal “sexism” and Republicans start negotiating and offering concessions.
The dissident journalist, who lived in Virginia, vanished Oct. 2 after he entered the Saudi Consulate in Istanbul, Turkey.
McFarland, who was qualified for the job, at the behest of H.R.
Bob Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 Angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to USA!
We saw high traffic for the search queries ‘votar,’ ‘como votar,’ and ‘donde voter,’ in key states like Florida and Nevada.
Pius excommunicated everyone involved in the Mindszenty trial.
A sweep of Northern California by federal immigration officials this week, which was partly thwarted when the Oakland mayor sounded the alarm, nabbed a number of illegal immigrants convicted of a variety of serious and violent crimes.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Archbishop Hebda and McCarrick's Scandal
... Secretary of State Rex Tillerson (has) affirmed that the U.S. seeks not only to ensure its allies' security but to deny Iran its 'dreams of a northern arch' from Tehran to Beirut.
Senator Lindsey Graham Unleashes Firestorm At Democrat Senators For "Most Unethical Sham" Since He's Been In Politics
Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.?
Of course, lawyers are masters of delay, and social justice warrior-lawyers hoping to torpedo President Trump’s agenda have an added incentive to drag the confirmation process out as long as possible.
Nevertheless, Senator Feinstein evidently bowed to pressure from her leftist colleagues to find a way to insert the allegation into the cesspool of public gossip at the eleventh hour.
Make your own the act of faith and complete confidence in Christ Jesus, our Savior, of Saint Paul in his second Letter to Timothy, Scio cui credidi, which I choose as my episcopal motto.
number of convents: 11 number of nuns: 122
One of Assange’s great tormentors, The Guardian‘s Luke Harding, made a great deal of money with a Hollywood version of a book that he and David Lee wrote in which they basically attacked their source.
The pope’s track record has been mixed, something some outsiders attribute to his learning curve or shortcomings and others chalk up to resistance from a notoriously change-averse institution.
It was as if they planned a war on a single human being and on the very principle of freedom of speech.
Give left-wingers an inch and they’ll take a mile.
As our friend Steve Skojec put it the other day, “We’ve got to stop pretending it’s just the progressive element in the Church.
During the last 5 years of this papacy, Francis and his Synodal Schemers masterfully manipulated, rigged, and exploited the synodal process.
take our poll - story continues below
You may opt out at anytime.
The procedure was very thorough.
Solemnly professed: 209
Democrats appear to want to keep the case out of court; a trial could expose their reckless IT practices
The next day the audience with Pope Francis took place.
They are looking into it.
Mariawald was consequently affiliated, in the manner this document describes, with a liberal house in the Netherlands whose superior, unsurprisingly, discovered that the house was hopelessly divided and could not be saved.
People are obsessed about words and they should maybe focus on the actions as well.
Trump could also try to replace Sessions as attorney general with someone who does not have a conflict of interest from the campaign, allowing that person to relieve Rosenstein of the responsibility to oversee Mueller, Vladeck said.
Can the same be said for the Obama Administration?
For example, the Italian moral theologian, Maurizio Chiodi, recently claimed in his talk at the Gregorian Pontifical University that contraception is sometimes not only not forbidden, but even demanded!
2 – Powell’s organization joined with the Clinton Global Initiative for globalist giving projects.
Mr. Portman said in a statement Tuesday night that “the Obama administration misled the American people and Congress because they were desperate to get a deal with Iran.”
The evidence at trial regarding the Hammonds’ responsibility for the fire was conflicting, and the jury acquitted them on most of the charges.
Become a Clash Insider!
Just listen to him.
Why, there’s only one possible explanation: the Second Vatican Council.
No, he will not be confirmed.
While President Trump fights to restrict Muslim immigration, at his side is the woman who had once bragged onCNN, “Over 90% of student visas are now issued in under a week, and that is in the Middle East.” (CFP)
Sessions recused himself from Russia-election-meddling matters in March 2017
The government has been no more effective at stopping criminals from getting guns than at stopping them from obtaining drugs.
Immigrations and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officials announced this week that the four-day raid led to the arrest of 232 illegal immigrants in the San Francisco Bay Area.
No, he is further to the Left and was an active member of the Green Party.
Nor can the pope, in calling for a cultural revolution, especially since he does not explain what he exactly means by it.
As we will see, the federations are now a multilayered system of internal surveillance and centralised control that leaves Orwell in the dust:
And, predictably, the killer gets a pass.
By no later than September 29, the inspector general alleged, the bureau had learned “virtually every fact” it would cite as justification late the next month to search Weiner’s laptop for messages of Clinton and top aide Huma Abedin.
“Glazov’s advice also involves the promotion of supporting moderate Muslims – a move that is, clearly, horrifying to Facebook’s masters and therefore also violates their ‘community standards,'” the report said.
So for the students to have to memorize this prayer, it does seem like it is indoctrination.”
How could the Beltway GOP not see that its defining policies — open borders, amnesty, free trade globalism, compulsive military intervention in foreign lands for ideological ends — were alienating its coalition?
In May 2018 there were 1.342 million more working-age immigrants than in May 2017.
https://t.co/FMUKzBU87c take our poll - story continues below Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.?
Where are the women and children?
Now consider this: even though, as President of the United States, Barack Obama had access to information that the general public does not have, and certainly knew of Iran’s involvement in the 9/11 attacks, Obama still pursued the Iran nuclear deal and gave billions to the Islamic Republic.
The word “fidelity” appears in the document four times, which may give an idea of how much interest the Vatican has in this issue.
In single file, I remember that I was among the last.
DB: His journalistic brethren are sounding like his prosecutors.
“We have no evidence of how these vortices are formed or how fast they rotate,” Agustín Sánchez-Lavega of the University of the Basque Country in Spain explains.
You may opt out at anytime.
“My case was usually something handled by military courts,” he said.
Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border?
It jogged a memory for me.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
Wasn’t pushing to run through one of his existing firms.
d. Damaging the sovereignty of India
The fact that they were trying to get my daughter to write that disturbed me.
I care little for the Saudi government as they help push Sharia and is the land where many of the 9-11 hijackers came from.
His brother bishops all knew and they all stayed silent.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
(A tyrant, moreover, who has ascended to the papacy in a manner reminiscent of the ascension of the corrupt Benedict IX, another “disgrace to the Chair of Peter,” following the machinations of a Roman cabal, as I discuss below.)
Feb. 13 – A previously deported 40-year-old illegal alien from Mexico was arrested in San Antonio.
Turkey is conducting its own probe, and Pompeo said those results will also be taken into consideration.
The BJP’s CAA move is both ideological and political. Ideologically, it believes that all Hindus have to be accommodated in India. Politically, the BJP’s eyes are firmly fixed on the Bengali Hindu electorate in Assam and West Bengal.
Hearing even one of these stories is, quite literally, enough to make someone sick.
Expectations were high in 2014 when the Pope created the abuse commission.
Messier documented many objects in the skies of the Northern Hemisphere, and they are collectively known as the Messier objects or the Messier Catalog.
Still more anger is rightly directed at those who have been complicit in keeping some of these serious sins from coming to light.
A Justice Department spokesperson told Fox News that the DOJ and FBI “are already working with the Director of National Intelligence to comply with the President’s order.”
* Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker
“The Guardian, an otherwise solid and reliable paper, has such a pervasive and unprofessionally personal hatred for Julian Assange that it has frequently dispensed with all journalistic standards in order to malign him.”
Thanks largely to her, tens of thousands of refugees fled in peril across the Mediterranean, and many drowned.
So he was being left, not left of center… For the primary.
“The city’s police department became the first law enforcement agency in the state to force the surrender of a firearm under a new law known as an ‘extreme risk protection order.’
We thought that once the vortex got too close to the equator, it would break up and perhaps create a spectacular outburst of cloud activity.”
In the decade from 1967 to 1977 a moratorium was declared during which not one single execution took place.
Military crews continue to put up razor wire at the border in San Ysidro as a migrant caravan is expected to reach Tijuana.
It is the most serious mistake of his presidency and must be corrected – immediately.”
Hogan was a Bush appointee who respected the law.
The inspector general concluded that Strzok’s text, along with others disparaging Trump, “is not only indicative of a biased state of mind but, even more seriously, implies a willingness to take official action to impact the presidential candidate’s electoral prospects.”
Today, President Donald J. Trump signed Executive Grants of Clemency (Full Pardons) for Dwight Lincoln Hammond, Jr., and his son, Steven Hammond.
©2018 Los Angeles Times, Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.
Gun control is the dream of every wannabe statist dictator and naive do-gooder alike.
DB: In the library, silence is golden.
“The U.S. Conference of Mayors will continue doing everything in our power to keep our communities safe so that children and families are able to live free of the fear of being gunned down.” St. Louis Mayor Lyda Krewson said the new resolutions show mayors will “lead the way in solving our gun violence crisis.” “We wouldn’t be doing our jobs as mayors if we weren’t focusing on gun violence — an issue that threatens the public safety of every community, big and small,” she said.
“And how honest the church has been about this crisis.
“On personal note, we really thought we had shown up to demonstrate our political power against a candidate who had vehemently offended our community by calling us rapists and drug dealers,” Murillo wrote.
They told my daughter “we are gonna get some people and kill your dad.” This student, who is known to me but whom I cannot name because she is a minor, has given students our address and is encouraging them to come to my home over this whole thing.
The Never-Trumpers Are Never Coming Back
Representatives are to magnify the law, not tear it down; and yet, this is what the biblically illiterate are teaching others to do, submit to the tyrants and resist God, His Church and His Word (Micah 3:5).
She’s friends with Valerie Jarrett….Habib Powell had all the right friends.
“We are now doing a recount, so we want to make sure you let your vote be counted,” Dixon quoted from the voicemail.
No one is demonizing an ethnicity but Don Lemon.
In the following, we shall present to our readers the essential parts of Bishop Laun's statement, in our English translation from the German.
“The Democratic Party is a much more diverse political party, attracting people who are African-American, Latino, LGBT, whatever the reason why people feel more comfortable where they are taken in, where they are included as part of a political movement or party.” “And I don’t think it’s politically correct to say we value that.
It normally has a complement of nine justices but with Anthony Kennedy’s retirement July 31, which cleared the way for Kavanaugh’s nomination, there have been only eight justices.
The regime change plan seeks to fundamentally shift U.S. policy towards Iran and has found a receptive audience in the Trump administration, which has been moving in this direction since Bolton—a longtime and vocal supporter of regime change—entered the White House.
Tlaib is a vociferous foe of Israel.
Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO.
And that is that there is a war going on.
Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
He is alleged to have beaten her to death while calling her a demon and shouting about Allah before throwing her body from the window of her third-story apartment.
A United States government employee assigned to the American consulate in Guangzhou, China suffered a mild traumatic brain injury similar to those reported by diplomats in Cuba.
There’s no doubt that this is an extremely strange and frankly fishy situation; something doesn’t add up, it’s true.
In this respect, what the neo-Catholics are defending at bottom is themselves—that is, the reputations they have all staked on their defense of the indefensible against the traditionalists they have arrogantly mocked and marginalized for decades only to see, to their horror, that traditionalism is ever more vindicated as the scandals of the Novus Ordo mount under this reckless Pope to an unsustainable, indeed apocalyptic, level.
- Bishop Athanasius Schneider declares: “Archbishop Viganò confirmed his statement by a sacred oath invoking the name of God.
Plus, if complaints had been received over the course of an entire year and police just now decided to act, the man must not have been considered much of a threat.
It was at the meeting with O’Malley that the abuse commission representatives reportedly gave the letter to the cardinal to deliver to Francis, and O’Malley later confirmed to a commission member that he had in fact personally delivered the letter to the Pope.
After 5 long years, his unrelenting mercy mantra seemingly extends only to homosexual clerics, not to the laity or clergy victims who protest the cover ups by prelates.
Officials are treating it as a possible attempted attack.
Orban has for years targeted Hungarian-born U.S. financier George Soros, whose philanthropy aims to bolster liberal and open-border values -- anathema to Orban, an advocate of a loose group of strong nation states that reject multiculturalism.
All of their stratagems are an obvious attempt to buy time in order to persuade any wavering senators that Judge Kavanaugh is too tainted by sexual assault charges – whether proven or not - to sit on the Supreme Court.
“This is a f***ed up state,” said Smith.
Another Ford attorney reportedly said Wednesday that there are “multiple witnesses” who need to testify.
We have no doubt, of course, that no “mistake” had actually occurred in this matter and that the ban has only been lifted because of the publicity that we engaged in -- and received.
She is seeking to slander a man's character for something she cannot prove that she claims happened over 36 years ago.
Chris Gowen — a former aide to Hillary Clinton who is now serving as Imran’s attorney — told TheDCNF, “There is no missing server and never was.”
If they make it here and Trump does nothing but arrest them and put them through the system rather than simply turning them away, then you know the words are empty and hollow.
Judge Kavanaugh has had extensive background checks performed on him in the past for his various federal government positions, including for his current position as a federal appellate court judge, without the accusation ever having surfaced.
BELLEVUE, WA – The Department of Justice and Second Amendment Foundation have reached a settlement in SAF’s lawsuit on behalf of Cody Wilson and Defense Distributed over free speech issues related to 3-D files and other information that may be used to manufacture lawful firearms.
She doesn’t know when or where the alleged incident took place, yet she is “one hundred percent” certain it was Kavanaugh who attacked her.
It just so happens that at least one of these calls for regime change in Iran was caught on video last year as Bolton gave a speech at the Grand Gathering of Iranians for Free Iran.
Did Christian martyrs violate God’s principles of submission to authority?
And only shameless Zionists would attempt to equate killing Jews with killing Jews.
Israel has hypnotized the world, may Allah awaken the people and help them see the evil doings of Israel.
In the early twelfth century, the Fatimid caliph Al-Amir bi-Ahkamillah issued this edict:
According to an interview transcript released Wednesday night by the Senate Judiciary Committee:
And we follow the money and it will reveal even more about Hillary Clinton and what she knew and when did she know it, and the other members of the CFIUS board.
Sources say the information gathered so far still does not point to a concrete motive, with one source calling the man a “mystery” still.
We know that Kazi, with all the propane and gas tanks in his car, was clearly trying to set off a major fire that would kill more people than just himself.
And we don’t know answers to that, quite frankly.” Kazi drove the Kia minivan through the front gate of the military base, which is near Fairfield, around 7 p.m. Wednesday.
They used Carter Page as a foil in order to surveil a candidate for the presidency of the United States.”
You may opt out at anytime.
But the Cardinal knew nothing about it!
The Delhi Police on November 22 filed a supplementary charge sheet before a Delhi court against Umar Khalid and Sharjeel Imam in connection with the Delhi riots that broke out in February 2020 in the northeastern part of the city.
It now seems obvious that one of those mysterious memos has gone out to the Main Stream Media saying that no-one can mention the immigration moratorium solution.
https://t.co/MC4Tlvy9gi — Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) November 15, 2018
60 The affiliated monastery can accept candidates, but the novitiate and initial formation must be performed in the affiliating monastery or in another monastery established by the Federation.”
The Guardian had to publish an apology.
This passage envisions some of the disbelievers becoming Muslim, and then turning away again, whereupon the Muslims are told to “kill them wherever you find them.” God’s inexhaustible mercy, indeed.
We know from 9/11 that blowback is real, even if Giuliani and the neocons refuse to understand it.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
And yet this piece seems to have been casually waved through, given a green light even though its profound shortcomings were evident to a range of well-placed analysts and journalists from the outset.
We must continue in our work of education for all and hold to the effective policies that have been implemented, requiring psychological exams for all candidates for ministry, as well as across-the-board background checks for anyone working with children or vulnerable individuals.
Some blessings are only to be made by priests and deacons, especially when it is about objects of worship such as chalices or vestments.
In J Street's home dimension of Oceania, supporter of Israel means Farrakhan supporter.
They can damage parts of the ear such as hairs that pick up sounds, but again it is reported that large equipment would be needed for such an attack.
Apart from the above exceptions, the law shall be applicable across all states. The Chief Ministers of Congress-ruled states like Punjab, West Bengal, Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh have stated that they will not implement the act in their respective states. However, states do not have the power to refuse implementation of the law, as it is enacted under the Union List of the Seventh Schedule of the Constitution.
Amazingly, more Ecuadorean Government documents have just been discovered for the Guardian, this time spy agency reports detailing visits of Paul Manafort and unspecified “Russians” to the Embassy.
They appealed to the US on Wednesday to exempt them from sanctions as they continue to do business with Tehran.
He studied physics.
As a result, the judge imposed significantly lesser sentences.
Look to their feigned strength that they profess to possess.
“He said ‘should,’ not ‘must,’ and no presidential order was issued or will be.”
“During every step of this process, I’ve found every single piece of information from Dr. Christine Blasey Ford eminently credible, sincere and believable,” tweeted Ms. Feinstein on Tuesday.
People complaining about other people happens all of the time.
This letter was followed on November 6, 2016 by Comey’s statement that the review of the additional information had been completed and that the FBI remained convinced that charges were not appropriate.
The rhetoric is becoming so strong, that Trump himself — without provocation — began tweeting threats to the sovereign nation.
Visit his site at JamieGlazov.com, follow him on Twitter: @JamieGlazov, and reach him at [email protected]
In fact, Pope Francis, by promulgating the Apostolic Constitution Vultum Dei quaerere, on June 29, 2016, to help the contemplatives reach the aim of their specific vocation, invited reflection and discernment on the precise content tied to consecrated life in general and to the monastic tradition in particular, but he did not intend to abrogate Sponsa Christi Ecclesia that was derogated only in some points.
Date when erected: 1955
The seizure of guns without any hearing at all.
“They put 40 members of Congress’s data on one server … That server, with that serial number, has disappeared,” he said.
Politico reported that they received audio of a Florida Democratic party volunteer leaving a voicemail to a voter in Palm Beach County to revise their mailed ballot after Election Day.
We kept our Google efforts non-partisan and followed our company’s protocols for the elections strategy.
That “humanitarian intervention” cost the lives of many hundreds of thousands of Iraqis and created a vacuum that destabilised much of the Middle East, sucked in Islamic jihadists like al-Qaeda and ISIS, and contributed to the migrant crisis in Europe that has fuelled the resurgence of the far-right.
Influential Roman: He could reform the Church.
To keep up everyone’s morale, the museum staff, while bombs were falling and they and their patrons were equally starving, continued to give tours and lectures, describing perfectly the artworks that had been removed.
The agency’s acting director, Thomas Homan, told “Fox & Friends” Wednesday morning that the DOJ is “reviewing” whether Schaaf broke any laws by telling her constituents ICE would be raiding the area in order to arrest people violating federal immigration laws.
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
The truth of the matter was that the Maddox was engaged in an aggressive intelligence gathering operation working hand in hand in coordinated attacks on North Vietnam by the South Vietnamese navy and the Laotian air force.
Habib-Powell had attended the Iftar dinner with members of Muslim Brotherhood front groups.
I can’t ask Victoria that question because she won’t tell me.
Glenn Greenwald noted that the Ecuadorian embassy is under heavy CCTV surveillance.
However, the totality of the evidence points to possible immigration fraud and student loan fraud.” What’s more, she swore to apparent falsehoods in court.
Furthermore it is impossible that the intelligence agency – who were in charge of the security – would not know the identity of these alleged “Russians”.
If you go back to when WikiLeaks started, when Julian was sitting in his hotel room in Paris beginning to put the whole thing together, one of the first things he wrote was that there is a morality in transparency, that we have a right to know what those who wish to control our lives are doing in secret.
God never gave them that authority and any, and all, government that oversteps the divine authority and its boundaries has no divine authority or protection.
Some sisters are in care-homes run by Franciscans.
Lest there be any doubt about the secret agenda and outcome of this Synod, Cardinal Baldisseri raises the exclusion rainbow flag.
It is an act of trust.
And then he talked to the Daily Caller again.
It’s clear that even the “good bishops” have simply no idea how close they are to being bodily chucked out of their own churches by furious mobs.
Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
What is Citizenship Amendment Act, (CAA) 2019?
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
pic.twitter.com/3Q3PwAAdsh — Helen Branswell (@HelenBranswell) May 11, 2018
I never had any sexual or physical encounter of any kind with Dr. Ford.
In April earlier this year, Jamie was suspended from Facebook for posting screenshots of a Muslim's threat to him on the platform.
Faggioli fretted that “[t]he abuse scandal and delegitimization of the episcopate has created a great power vacuum in the Church” that could be filled by the “neo-traditionalist Catholicism of the younger generations of American Catholics” who “attack American bishops and cardinals close to Pope Francis.” Accordingly, he rushed to the defense of Bergoglio and his corrupt regime against “a radicalization of religious conservatism in the neo-traditionalism sense...”
As Edward Pentin notes: “all 3 prelates have since been special advisors of Francis or rehabilitated by him.”
Charges must be made and her arrest should be imminent.
Father James Martin, S.J., acclaimed by the people mentioned above, in particular Cupich, Tobin, Farrell and McElroy, appointed Consultor of the Secretariat for Communications, well-known activist who promotes the LGBT agenda, chosen to corrupt the young people who will soon gather in Dublin for the World Meeting of Families, is nothing but a sad recent example of that deviated wing of the Society of Jesus.
The Dictator Pope must destroy his most potent critic thus far.
Other embassies have now reported the debilitating conditions of diplomats.
Federations in charge of formation
VICTORIA TOENSING, ATTORNEY REPRESENTING FBI INFORMANT: Let me go to number one first, that is the whole essence of what John and Sara and I are talking about is that in 2009, 2010, our FBI and presumably our Justice Department, and the White House, as my client was told, all knew about this corruption in the Russian nuclear energy area.
Putting all that context aside, it’s offensive and pretty much terrible.”
Wills concludes: “The Qur’an is not as absolute as this, because it always leaves room for God’s inexhaustible mercy and forgiveness” (p. 126).
And he went out, and followed him; and wist not that it was true which was done by the angel; but thought he saw a vision.
I want to ask as it relates to who knew what, and when.
He lapped up the accolades from the secular culture and main stream media.
Furthermore, I add my name to those calling for real and sustained reform in the episcopate, priesthood, our parishes, schools, universities, and seminaries that would root out and hold accountable any would-be sexual predator or accomplice;
Debt collectors called and his cars were repossessed.
Awan’s ID caused police to tie it to a criminal suspect and seize it, but the note kept them from looking at it.
No, he will not be confirmed.
Sen. Dianne Feinstein, California Democrat, has championed Brett Kavanaugh’s #MeToo accuser, but Juanita Broaddrick says the senator never showed any interest in her 1999 rape allegation against President Bill Clinton.
‘Responsible for Trump’
Progressive denial of their rights would soon follow: as I show in my book The History of Jihad From Muhammad to ISIS, there has never been a majority Muslim nation in which Jews enjoyed equality of rights with Muslims.
It should be noted that the protests that took place in Oregon a couple of years ago were a response to the injustice the Hammonds faced.
In the 2003 documentary The Fog of War , the former United States Secretary of Defense Robert S. McNamara admitted that the August 4 Gulf of Tonkin attack never happened.
Part of the hypocrisy of the US Conference of Mayors is that they actually push to infringe on law-abiding citizens' rights while claiming that it is consistent with the Second Amendment.
But we have an ace up our proverbial sleeve.
But this will not be enough to heal the situation of extremely grave immoral behavior by the clergy: bishops and priests.
Wasserman Schultz’ district includes much of Miami.
You may opt out at anytime.
Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Then you get painted like, oh, Gillum is being painted, no.
He was placed in a psychiatric hospital for weeks after his arrest in the April 2017 killing of Sarah Halimi despite having no history of mental illness.
So much time and money wasted, so many lives ruined...and Sessions knew better than most that there was No Collusion!"
Just keep that in mind the next time you see one of them on TV.
Does Ramadan remind us of “the richness Muslims add to the religious tapestry of American life,” or is Ramadan “a month of calamity everywhere for nonbelievers”?
But the Cardinal knew nothing about it!
A former Navy sailor, who is one of five people to receive a pardon from President Donald Trump, is planning to file a lawsuit against Obama administration officials.
Placing the burden on Judge Kavanaugh to prove that he was not involved in an uncorroborated incident from years ago, about which even his accuser does not recall key details, turns the fundamental constitutional principle of due process upside down.
Or they can act in the interests of justice and humanity and bring this remarkable Australian citizen home.
It's an ideological one that spans cultures, just like Don Lemon's and Chris Cuomo's statism.
Any business that tips off illegal aliens admits that it is aware of their status.
On the final day of the meeting, the “theme for the day” was offered by then-Father General Luis Arostegui: “Government: the need for change.
When Soviet tanks rolled back into Budapest, he fled to the U.S. embassy and was given immediate asylum by President Eisenhower.
Let’s stop lamenting and start doing practical things about it.
In discerning the foundation of a new monastery on the part of a single monastery, the Federal President and the religious Assistant intervene to help the Superior of the founding monastery.
We’re also normal people who happen to be Muslim and to see us and our history in America so narrowly is plain out offensive.”
The ATFP was originally Rashid Khalidi’s American Committee on Jerusalem.
Richard told media outlets that he’s been a bit surprised by everything that’s happened since the video was posted online.
For example, a Minnesota public school is forcing Kindergarten students to study ‘white privilege’.
Also the Left killed comedy.
Predictably, all 10 Democrat members of the Judiciary Committee urged President Trump to either "immediately withdraw the nomination or order an FBI investigation into all the allegations."
Did you notice?
Establish normal diplomatic relations.
* Yes, he will be confirmed.
Left-wing advocacy group J Street said it is re-evaluating its endorsement of a congressman who praised Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan.
Friday night, a drone, apparently modeled on a U.S. drone that fell into Iran's hands, intruded briefly into Israeli airspace over the Golan Heights, and was shot down by an Apache helicopter.
A share in making restitution for sin was thus accorded to all of us, for although our Lord’s ignominious death removed from us the guilt of the original transgression through Baptism, it did not remove its effects.
Sambi said, “Excuse me.” He got up, went out of the room, and came back with a book.
I think that will reveal a whole other layer of who knew what, where and when.
Furthermore, I said to this woman that this is how you can tell who the genuine Christians are that are in the fight and those who are counterfeits.
This could have restored some dignity to a Church so sorely tried and humiliated by so many abominable acts on the part of some pastors.
This is important in that while there was anti-Chinese and anti-Christian violence, the non-Chinese Christians mostly stuck around, though the Chinese used tourist and student visas to come to the United States in a leisurely manner, taking time to either bring or otherwise secure their wealth in Indonesia.
But good and evil have a supernatural ring we usually reserve for dramatic and abominable crimes, like genocide.
Not surprisingly Ford’s prepared testimony also found its way to reporters.
The OIG report was highly critical of the FBI’s failure to take immediate action on the Weiner laptop when they first learned about it in late September 2016, rather than waiting another month so close to the election.
Their presence in the House of Representatives may be evidence of “diversity,” but it is also a disquieting sign of the continued dominance of identity politics, and the increasing balkanization of the American body politic.
Farrakhan had praised Hitler and declared that the Jews, "can't say 'Never Again' to God, because when he puts you in the ovens, you're there forever.”
Supplies sent to Congo included more than 300 body bags for safe burials in affected communities.
That will likely change, however.
His objective – and those of his family predecessors for the past 60 years – was to normalize relations with the US, start trade, and end US efforts to overthrow the Marxist government in Pyongyang.
The devolution of authority of superiors of individual monasteries to federations was obviously on someone’s mind, as was a plan to see to it that monasteries change superiors frequently: “Essential autonomy can fail due to the relationships within the community: abuses by permanent superiors who decide on the freedom and decisions of the community,” the Father General warned.
Adding insult to injury, the bill even authorizes local law enforcement to charge the gun owner a storage fee for confiscating and storing his guns.
How inconvenient that during a global prelate homosexual coverup scandal, the 2018 Synodal Bishop Conferences are exploring for ways during the Synod to discuss ways in which homosexual youths want to be “closer” to the Church!
His manifest unreliability on this point casts a shadow on his primary assertions about the Qur’an.
Senator Feinstein called Ted “Chappaquiddick” Kennedy an "inspiration and a friend," presumably also based on their compatible ideologies.
The order means that migrants will have to present themselves at U.S. ports of entry to qualify for asylum and follow other rules unveiled on Thursday that seek to limit asylum claims.
This happened in “heavily Republican Bay County,” and Democrat gubernatorial candidate Andrew Gillum is outraged.
Patel, 32, was the first Indian-American writer for SNL, and has since been nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing.
But we’d be fools to wait for them.
— Adolfo Flores (@aflores) November 13, 2018
* Yes, he should have gotten it back.
Orbán painted an image of Western Europe being overwhelmed by the accelerating influx Muslim immigrants in recent years.
When the Russians retaliated, the Trump administration closed the Russian consulate in Seattle.
Instead of having Muslim Brotherhood sympathizers like Mohamed Elibiary serving on the U.S.
Ma’am, you lied to me, didn’t you?
Leaving alone the doctrinal issues.
Assange Never Met Manafort.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
He is standing alone now, and not only against the most dangerous pontificate in history, but also the forces of hell itself—forces which will do all in their power to silence this voice crying in the wilderness.
According to Fox News, Saucier argues that the same officials who sought out punishment to Saucier for his actions chose to be lenient with Hillary Clinton in her use of a private email server and mishandling of classified information.
Circuit Court of Appeals Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court.
Which Clinton quickly corrected:
Reprinted with permission from Consortiumnews.com.
Catholic bishop purges the names of his predecessors from church buildings for failing to protect children
According to DOS officials, they are less concerned with the inaccurate dates, and more concerned with the fact that the cure affidavits appear to have been deliberately altered.
If they slip up even once, their failure will be noted, and shared… And they will be made to understand that their lapse is remembered.
When he refused, she mulled attempting to restructuring the Capitol Police’s entire board so that her committee would have more leverage over it.
Second, in a reflexive response to 9/11, we invaded Afghanistan and Iraq, dumped over the regime in Libya, armed rebels to overthrow Bashar Assad in Syria, and backed Saudi intervention in a Yemeni civil war, creating a humanitarian crisis in that poorest of Arab countries that is exceeded in horrors only by the Syrian civil war.
And where are the Republicans responsible for building up this potentially malevolent power that thieves our technology?
House sources told TheDCNF these exchanges were only a public glimpse into numerous such interactions, which were frequently profane, with every official she could buttonhole.
Submit to those who lie continuously, to them that steal and even kill?
Issuing the license was not illegal.
Today that’s exactly what a federal judge did.
Trump undid the Iran deal, which Russia favored, while Obama worked with Russia in order to do the Iran deal.
Almost no national media outlet has covered the story.
* Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker
If Christians were equally as faithful to the Lord, separated from the world (2 Corinthians 6:17), and living so that their lives were a reproof to all ungodliness, the world would hate them as much as it ever did.
I’m talking about Obama, Mueller, Eric Holder, and Hillary Clinton.
CNN's Don Lemon Contradicts Himself In Just One Sentence: "We Have to Stop Demonizing People ... White Men, Most Of Them Radicalized"
“I hate to say this, but this is worse than Robert Bork, and I didn't think it could get any worse than that.
For heaven’s sake, the men who govern the Church today require a Vatican summit meeting to agonize over whether serial child molesters should be defrocked.
Hoping to stem a growing furor, Trump on Monday suggested “rogue killers,” not the Saudi royal family, may have carried out the murder.
The question remains: why would Facebook remove such a page, let alone in such a fascistic manner -- and never explain why?
I didn’t have a problem with the history of Islam being taught, but to go so far as to make my child write the Shahada, is unacceptable.” Another mother, Brandee Porterfield, observed: “It really did bother me that they skipped the whole chapter on the rise of Christianity and they spent three weeks just studying Islam….I spoke with the teacher and the principal,” she said.
NRC, which shall be extended to the rest of the country, does not discriminate based on religion, so Muslims have nothing to fear. Every sane country in the world has a national register of its citizens and India is no exception. Opposition parties like the Congress have amnesia and conveniently forgotten that the Assam accord inked by Rajiv Gandhi in 1985, provided for NRC exercise in Assam, to check illegal migrants and infiltrators.
The DNC emails were downloaded by an insider.
c. between two or more States, if and in so far as the dispute involves any question (whether of law or fact) on which the existence or extent of a legal right depends: Provided that the said jurisdiction shall not extend to a dispute arising out of any treaty, agreement, covenant, engagements, and or other similar instrument which, having been entered into or executed before the commencement of this Constitution, continues in operation after such commencement, or which provides that the said jurisdiction shall not extend to such a dispute
They could and very likely will be extended indefinitely.
“This has provoked noteworthy protests across the country in recent months” it further claims as an argument to push a “regime change” policy.
Rep. Bob Goodlatte said the committee would issue a subpoena for Strzok to testify “next week.”
notwithstanding the server setup, we have not seen classified information shared with a member of the media, an agent of a foreign power, a lover, etc.” In other words, Hillary may have been hacked but she didn’t intentionally give anything away.
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Kavanaugh Accuser's Lawyer is Vice Chair of Soros Funded Org Opposing Kavanaugh
You have dug so deep on this, this has been a deep dive and I applaud you both.
I have the same standard for Brett Kavanaugh as I did for Roy Moore, for Donald Trump, for Bill Clinton — or for any other politician who’s accused of misconduct.
It seems that Democrats may have called absentee voters about supplying them with cure affidavits after the permitted date.
And, as one who has tried — despite my many imperfections — to lay down my life for Christ and His Church, I am tired of the regular violation of sacred duties by those entrusted with immense responsibility from the Lord for the care of His people.
All the questions have gone ignored, or have received frivolous, jokey responses:
As the Senate has requested, this update must be limited in scope and completed in less than one week,” the president said in a statement.
It is the Federation that now has the power to monitor for compliance with the rules, to report non-compliance to the Holy See, to make new foundations and, apparently, to “encourage” individual monasteries to “communicate” their goods.
When Sen. Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) asked Ford “with what degree of certainty do you believe Brett Kavanaugh assaulted you?” Ford replied, “one hundred percent.”
Interestingly enough, it looks like the WOMEN in this country are currently responsible for more terrorism than WHITE MEN.
Hillary Cracks Racist Joke After Mixing Up Cory Booker & Eric Holder: "They All Look The Same"
WASHINGTON — On an emergency mission to resolve a diplomatic crisis, Secretary of State Michael R. Pompeo held delicate talks Tuesday with the rulers of Saudi Arabia amid growing suspicions that a Virginia-based Saudi columnist was killed on their orders.
That the mere sight of a law-abiding citizen openly carrying a sidearm would make someone “afraid” is not sufficient reason to deny the citizen his constitutional right to keep and “bear” arms.
(Reporting by Marton Dunai; Editing by Catherine Evans)
Instead of serving as ambassadors from the City of God, far too many of our priests and prelates have become agents of the City of Man.
Schaaf refuses to say how she learned about the ICE raids, only saying it was not from official sources.
The pope said he had seen no proof of Barros’s guilt, but the Associated Press reported that O’Malley and other members of the commission had in 2015 hand-delivered to him an eight-page letter from a survivor that graphically detailed his abuse and said Barros and other clergy had witnessed him being fondled but had not intervened.
Also on Tuesday Peter Strzok was “escorted” from the FBI building.
The special counsel himself is a Republican.
[7] Bioethicists take it as read that in order for a life to have sufficient “quality” it must demonstrate sufficient autonomy.
In fact, the FBI has no plans to pursue any investigation regarding the allegation.
Infected bats are believed to transmit the disease to humans, or indirectly through other animals that are hunted for their meat.
The worst of sins are Infidelity ( Kufr) and Polytheism ( shirk) which constitute rebellion against Allah, The Creator.
The faithful deserve to know.
The rest are similar, and I’ll be analysing this document in some detail in the next piece in this series, but the rest of the responses to the Father General’s questionnaire tell a similar story.
Or are we afraid of being called hypocrites because we are not striving tirelessly for holiness in our own lives?
The woman’s letter was in turn forwarded to Feinstein, D-Calif., who shared it with the FBI and her Democratic committee colleagues on Wednesday night.
Furthermore, the motto of the American Revolution was “No King but King Jesus.” America’s original national seal was “REBELLION TO TYRANTS IS OBEDIENCE TO GOD” with a picture on the inside of the seal showing the Pharaoh being overthrown by the sea with Moses and the children of Israel safe on the shore.
About seven hours later, the country’s top law enforcement officer fired back.
The caravan is here, illegally entering America This is a national disgrace Arrest and deport them all back to their home country pic.twitter.com/zmAvbC13eL — Charlie Kirk (@charliekirk11) November 14, 2018
How do we conceive today the relationship between autonomy and Federation-Association and between autonomy and Fr.
Break: Ex-Dem IT aide Imran Awan pleads guilty to loan application fraud in federal court, as part of plea agreement.
If the jihadis advance even into the FBI’s Sacramento offices, will agents there be struggling to determine the jihadis’ motive even as the machete begins to slice through their necks?
This would actually be the perfect time for Trump not to appoint an ambassador to the UN and call for the US to exit the anti-American organization and demand Congress stop funding it and evict the UN from US soil, but I'm not holding my breath.
That at the very least hints that the Guardian thought they had “insurance” on this story.
take our poll - story continues below
You may opt out at anytime.
average age: 75
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
She also met with Secretary of Defense James Mattis in Texas.
As of now, the Senate Judiciary Committee Republican majority plans to move forward with Judge Kavanaugh's nomination as scheduled.
SOLOMON: We are at a little disadvantage right now, because we don’t have those records, and also the records that Congress needs to go get, but I can tell you I have a person quoted in my story who has direct knowledge of what the Justice Department knew.
In this article, the author was calling out a Christian for protesting a corrupt representative in government, even going so far as to suggest this protestant ought to have stayed home to read their Bible rather than to protest corruption in government.
In any case, a larger point is being lost here.
First, the open carry of a firearm is LEGAL in the area where this took place.
Previously only voluntary and consultative, federations will now have the power to supervise and guide the formation of candidates, nuns and of their formators, as well as possess broad powers over temporal goods of individual monasteries and powers of suppression.
“The President of the United States just called on his Attorney General to put an end to an investigation in which the President, his family and campaign may be implicated,” Schiff tweeted.
According to statistics published in the National Review for September 16, 1983, out of 9,140 murders committed in the U.S. in 1960 just before the Council, 56 persons were executed.
President Donald Trump Proposes "Simple Immigration Plan": Illegals Have To Go!
Haley sent a message that UN members will be punished if they push the US around.
Facing his likely confirmation, the Dems, egged on by the mainstream media––especially The New Yorker, which published a story too badly sourced even for The New York Times–– are desperately attempting to obstruct and delay the process until after the midterm elections, when they hope they will retake the Senate and thus stop any more Constitutionalist judges from being confirmed to the Court for the rest of Trump’s term.
I think WikiLeaks has opened a world of transparency and put flesh on the expression “right to know.” This must explain why he is attacked so much, because that is so threatening.
The trivialising of the resignation seemed to go hand in hand with the modern concept of the pope-as-pop-star, something we had thought Benedict was too serious a man, too serious a Catholic, to believe himself.
Notice the late pope does not say, “Let the practicing homosexuals have a spiritual home among your faithful,” as Father James Martin and his episcopal fans are at least implying on a regular basis in the media.
Francis was also criticized when Australian Cardinal George Pell, whom he had brought to Rome to clean up Vatican finances, was forced to return to Australia last year to face charges of sexual assault.
The majority report by the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigation says that the US Treasury, at the instruction of the US State Department, granted a license to convert the $5.7 billion briefly into American dollars so it could be converted into euros.
When she tried to scream, she said, he put his hand over her mouth.
“Department of Defense personnel are installing concertina wire, and pre-positioning jersey barriers, barricades, and fencing,” US Customs and Border Protection (CBP) said in a statement.
Among the white collar classes there is a bias against blue collar work, but the trades are crying out for skilled men and a trade school diploma in fixing tractors is a lot cheaper and a lot faster to get than a university degree.
Wasserman Schultz became fixated on finding out everything investigators knew about Awan, the House sources said.
According to the Daily Wire, in 2012 Omar tweeted: “Israel has hypnotized the world, may Allah awaken the people and help them see the evil doings of Israel.
14 total and only 3 white men?
That would be good to know, were Wills a reliable witness.
“This means that the Islamic civilization, which always considers its vocation to convert Europe to what it calls the true faith, in the future will be knocking on the door of Central Europe not only from the south, but from the west, as well,” he said.
(It might be argued, however, that if the criminal is thought to have to have totally terminated his victim, why not do the same to him?)
The spread of cultural Marxism has contributed to the dumbing down of public education.
“The government shall inform the court whether petitioners, who are not detained, will have access to emergency procedures if they must file their original motions to reopen,” Saris wrote.
Powell would swiftly undo that.
What kind of hope is connected with a blessing?
And he said, I will not do it, if I find thirty there.
About 300,000 immigrants die annually, and an equal number leave (voluntarily or otherwise), according to a study by the Center for Immigration Studies.
Sen. Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) attacked Democrats, blaming them for the “circus atmosphere that has been created” since they first Ford's allegations to the media “two weeks ago, after sitting on them for six weeks.” This “has brought us the worst in our politics.”
When Julian came up to a bail hearing last year, it was an absolute disgrace.
If you appreciated it, or any of the others, please consider hitting the donate button in the right-hand margin (computer) or below (phone).
These are net figures.
As if that wasn’t enough, Ferguson’s executive producer, Sally Neighour, followed the interview with a vicious re-tweet: “Assange is Putin’s bitch.
This tired farce has dragged on.
If his contrition is perfect, it’s conceivable that he could go straight to heaven!
On January 16, 2020, India Todayreported about anti-CAA protests in Blackpool, England; Bern, Switzerland; Munich and Berlin in Germany; Krakow and Warsaw, Poland.
Change the oil in a car?
Grown-ups know all that and don’t have to be reminded every time the subject arises.
take our poll - story continues below
I never thought I’d see the day when a preening, Internet-created neo-Catholic doyenne such as Simcha Fisher, as notorious as Mark Shea for her crude and often unprintable invective against traditionalists, would unload on Pope Bergoglio with the following headline: “Does Francis know he sounds like an abuser?”
The deeper problem lies in homosexual networks within the clergy which must be eradicated.” These homosexual networks, which are now widespread in many dioceses, seminaries, religious orders, etc., act under the concealment of secrecy and lies with the power of octopus tentacles, and strangle innocent victims and priestly vocations, and are strangling the entire Church.
The Pope lamented the fact that in recent years the Middle East has been “covered by dark clouds of war, violence and destruction, instances of occupation and varieties of fundamentalism, forced migration and neglect.” And he deplored the fact that “all this has taken place amid the complicit silence of many.
In formation: 11
This is the death spiral.
These pardons cleanse another stain from our nation's history in the dark years of Obama.
“More than one third of Iran’s population is minority groups, many of whom already seek independence,” the paper explains.
NewsCatholic Church, Homosexuality
America's Immigration Voice.
And do not pretend that grave violations of office and of trust come without grave, lasting consequences.
It is transmitted between humans through blood, secretions and other bodily fluids (and surfaces) of those infected.
Is Don Lemon colorblind?
I ask, as I do with the issue concerning alcohol, what is magic about the age of 21?
Inevitably, this came to mean the acceptance of homosexuality.
He hasn’t been charged with anything.
Pompeo offers defense for Saudi rulers as Trump administration strategy shifts in Khashoggi case
DB: What would you say have been the contributions that Julian Assange has made in this age of censorship and cowardice in journalism?
On the same day, Outlook India and The New Indian Express reported about an anti-CAA protest at Times Square, New York. On January 27, Al Jazeera published a reported, “Thousands of Indian Americans, joined by several civil rights organisations, have staged protests across dozens of US cities against policies of Prime Minister Narendra Modi that critics say undermine the country’s secular constitution.” This protest was held outside the Indian Embassy.
China's foreign ministry and national health commission did not immediately respond to questions about the findings, the Associated Press reported.
Ratzinger: “Well, I’m an ‘emeritus,’ you see…”
Cain is told, “What hast thou done?
Part two to come.
The now well known McCarrick Villanova Speech on October 13, 2013 where he relayed the story about a prominent Italian man who met with McCarrick to ask him to lobby for the election of Bergoglio to the papacy.
In a sane political environment, Barack Obama would be tried for treason.
As St. Paul said:
The biggest obstacle to the progressive dream of government controlled and managed by a technocratic oligarchy has been the Constitution.
It’s all about Glazov’s new book, “Jihadist Psychopath: How He Is Charming, Seducing, and Devouring Us.”
take our poll - story continues below
The New Yorker could not find a single witness who could put Kavanaugh at the alleged party.
The Synod was convoked by Henry III, the German king and soon-to-be-crowned Holy Roman Emperor, a pious and austere Christian and an exponent of the Cluniac spirit of reform.
He said the class spent a week and a half on Christianity and Judaism — other religions took one week — and discussed each religion’s beliefs, history and practices.
In the future everyone will be the subject of social justice crybullying for 15 minutes.
Please consider that in anger and tragedy, the desire for revenge usually overrides reason and an honest answering of the question “must this person’s life be taken to preserve society?” The desire for swift and firm convictions has sent many to death who never deserved such a punishment, nor was such a punishment truly necessary for the safety of society.
No non-Muslim student should be forced to write or say the shahada without the qualifier “Muslims believe that…” This is because it is a statement of faith.
“The Chinese government has assured us they are also investigating and taking appropriate measures,” Lee continued.
In addition to sheer numbers, the US forces will have drones, helicopters with night-vision capabilities, and fixed-wing aircraft at their disposal to ensure the success of the military operation.
However, for some unclear reason, the BAC unit still refrained from breaking in.
They’re not content with power; they have to keep their victims doubting and blaming themselves constantly, so they don’t become a threat.
Do I hear the Pennsylvania Grand Jury Report?
“It is going against everything I’ve seen for 44 years," huffed committee member Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.).
The Senate Judiciary Committee voted 11-10 along party lines to advance the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh out of committee to the Senate floor for a vote.
Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
They would say that they are doing it all for tolerance, pluralism, and multiculturalism.
When I was a prosecutor, obstruction of justice was often hard to prove, requiring difficult-to-obtain evidence that the individual’s actions were truly intended to interfere with an ongoing criminal investigation.
Hungary's Orban calls for global anti-migrant alliance with eye on 2018 elections
Carlson noted that in communication with Google, the company “did not deny that the email was real or that it showed a clear political preference.”
About 30 minutes into Patel’s set, members of AAA interrupted the performance, denounced his jokes about racial identities and sexual orientation, and provided him with a few moments for closing remarks.
After his 16 months in office, it appears as though the Trump presidency, no matter how brief, is going to be a watershed moment in U.S. and world history, and in the future of the GOP.
Scientists believe Ebola is most often passed to humans by fruit bats, however porcupines, gorillas, antelope and chimpanzees could also be carriers.
1951 NRC; or
The Dems know that most Republicans come to this conflict with the huge disadvantage that results from accepting your opponent’s dubious ideology and dishonest narrative.
How can he contradict himself like that and not even bat an eyelid?
This is a very real threat – one that is largely immune to attack from the air.
In December of last year, Saleh Ali, a Syrian refugee wearing a keffiyah and waving a terrorist PLO flag, went up to a Jewish restaurant in Amsterdam, shouted “Allahu Akbar” and began smashing the windows.
Straight Talk on Armed... Best Price: $13.95 Buy New $13.95 (as of 03:40 EDT - Details)
Marshals custody pending the outcome of his criminal case.
Meanwhile, it would be dangerous, suicidal folly for Infidels to pretend that Ramadan is not the month of jihad.
An ADL official told JTA on Friday that the group had reached out to Rep. Danny Davis, a Democrat, after an article in The Daily Caller said he lauded Farrakhan on Monday as “an outstanding human being.” Farrakhan has calledJews “the enemy of God and the enemy of the righteous,” and said Jews were responsible for the 9/11 terror attacks and the rise of the Ku Klux Klan in the 20th century.
The delegates also modified existing policy to: Recognize the role of firearms in suicides.
All speak of nothing but bureaucratic responses: shared “formation courses,” meetings of superiors, amalgamations and suppression of houses and finally “care homes” and houses given over entirely as infirmaries.
“Mental illness is suspected, but that new law allowed police to legally disarm him.”
Why that investigation is needed is unclear since all the people Dr. Christine Ford named to be at the alleged house where the alleged attack took place all categorically denied the attack took place, including Ford's girl friend.
[Imran] threatened that he is very powerful and if I ever call the police again [he] will do harm to me.” She said that Imran eventually agreed to remove the listening devices and did so in front of her.
He actually is pretty tough on Russia.
Heroes of the neoliberal order
Conference of Mayors passes resolutions favoring gun control
Diplomats in at least seven cities in four different countries have sought testing for strange symptoms.
Delay is not an option.
However, in less than a minute she would insult both Booker and Holder, and every person with dark skin on the planet.
However, that temptation quickly passed, thanks be to God.
The labor-force participation rate (LPR), a sign of worker confidence and mobility, rose by 0.6 points for immigrants and was unchanged for native-born Americans.
It is not a minister of God for evil.
Gillum is not a lawful man as he does not support the right to keep and bear arms, but rather considers Americans as criminals who need to prove their innocence before obtaining a gun.
Number of nuns: 73
It said it had released $1 million (840,000 euros) from an emergency contingency fund, set up a coordination group and deployed more than 50 experts to work with the DRC government and health agencies.
You may opt out at anytime.
The email was sent by Eliana Murillo, the former head of Google’s multicultural marketing department.
The Synod declared that Benedict IX (who had refused to appear) was deposed notwithstanding his attempt to undo his resignation.
However, it was quickly contained due to swift action taken by the government and the WHO.
“This is a memo that describes how we’re going to take out seven countries in five years,” Clark said.
Central actors have suggested instead that the emails were leaked from within the Democratic party.
During the audience Bergoglio queried: “What is Cardinal McCarrick like?” and Viganò replied with the truth Bergoglio obviously did not want to hear:
“what do you think of Cory Booker… saying ‘kick them in the shins,’ essentially…” incorrectly recalling Eric Holder’s recent comments.
They are paper tigers.
Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
And just like that, the jargon of “tolerance” and the “big umbrella” is over and the purge of faithful, believing Catholic religious, seminarians, priests, and academics has begun.
This is a Moon of Alabama fundraiser week.
They were haughty and did detestable things before me..." The Hebrew word translated "detestable" refers to something that is morally disgusting and is the exact same word used in Leviticus 18:22 that refers to homosexuality as an "abomination."
The truth is indeed the important thing.
There is no better way to keep the Catholic family together and committed to the Catholic restoration than the Catholic home school.
The press are not on the side of the people, they are an instrument of elite control.
The evidence at trial regarding the Hammonds’ responsibility for the fire was conflicting, and the jury acquitted them on most of the charges.
The allegations against Brett Kavanaugh — outlined now on the record in the Washington Post by Palo Alto University professor Christine Blasey Ford — are substantial and serious.
This follows year-over-year drops of 138,000 in August, 143,000 in September, and 117,000 in October, and 64,000 in November.
Neither precaution was taken.
Even more eleventh-hour character-assassination attempts may be coming given the enraged Left’s determination to prevent the judge’s ascent to the Supreme Court at all costs.
Banning juvenile possession of semiautomatic assault rifles; and Holding gun owners criminally liable when children gain access to improperly stored guns.
support for these independence movements, both overt and covert, could force the regime to focus attention on them and limit its ability to conduct other malign activities.”
Omar’s initial tweet came three days after “Palestinian terrorists in Gaza launched more than 150 rockets at Israel” from November 10-13, 2012, reports the Jewish Virtual Library.
What is noteworthy also about The History of Jihad is something that it does not contain.
…sacked by the most inhuman barbarians and the most savage enemies of the Christian faith, by the fiercest of wild beasts.
Despite barbed wires and thousands of troops on the border, they have been undeterred.
But we, of course, have never advocated or approved of any violence.
President Trump nominated Bret Kavanaugh to the supreme court.
| M. Spencer Green/AP Photo Conference of Mayors passes resolutions favoring gun control
Orban is widely credited for reversing an economic slump in Hungary and controlling its public finances, culminating in a return to investment-grade for its debt, which was cut to 'junk' during the 2008 global economic crisis.
He remains in U.S.
The Vatican presents a choice: the world, or Christ.
So much for the much-vaunted Islamic “tolerance” in Europe, the tales of which Islamic scholar Akbar Ahmed is using to fool gullible Westerners today, and soften their resistance to mass Muslim migration into Europe and North America.
Some of this was published in the mainstream media, when there was still a collaboration with WikiLeaks.
take our poll - story continues below
(Psalm 40:8; Romans 3:31) Of course not!
We must be women of hope and faith.
Yet Wasserman Schultz said in a statement, “my office was provided no evidence to indicate that laws had been broken, which over time, raised troubling concerns about due process, fair treatment and potential ethnic and religious profiling.”
The Qur’an’s declarations that a woman’s testimony is worth half that of a man’s (2:282), that a daughter is to receive a smaller part of an inheritance than a son receives (4:11), that thieves are to have their hands amputated (5:38), and that those who “wage war against Allah and his messenger” are to be crucified or have a hand and foot amputated on opposite sides (5:33) are part of Sharia in all its various expressions.
JP: As you know, Dennis, governments do respond to pressure from powerful media interests.
Possible solutions: We do all what is in our hands in the area of the vocational promotion, collaborating in this way with Christ who calls by his Spirit.
“How dare you!” Attorney General Jeff Sessions said in California this month, addressing Schaaf.
Failing this, would it not be better for Your Holiness to renounce the Petrine office than to preside over what threatens to be a catastrophic compromise of the Church’s integrity?” Our petition was of course dismissed as “ridiculous” by the neo-Catholic commentariat.
By removing foreign competitors, Trump may have done more for blacks in 11 months than Obama did in eight years.
He needs medical attention, the kind of treatment you get only in a hospital.
In fact, in April 2012, Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist, Seymour Hersh reported that the U.S. Joint Special Operations Command had trained (Mojahedin-e Khalq) MEK operatives at a secret site in Nevada from 2005 to 2009.
He should never, ever been allowed to.....— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 1, 2018
Those are important discrepancies, and if six years ago she told the therapist four men and says two men now, that suggests that her memory of the event may be suspect.
What can the Church do when confronted by a Pope who, as a prominent cardinal declares to the whole world, “fail[s] to maintain and transmit faithfully … the deposit of faith contained in Sacred Tradition and Sacred Scripture” and is leading “an apostasy from the truth”?
"I think he's an extraordinary man – I think he's a man of great intellect, as I've been telling you, and he has an unblemished record," Trump said.
The embarrassment, regret, and even self-hatred that has been inculcated in American public school students for decades now has created a vacuum, which Muslims have shown themselves to be all too eager to fill.
We have yet to hear any report of any notes begging for rescue hidden under a lunch table placemat.
The plan is not to “control” the private ownership of firearms; it is to PROHIBIT the private ownership of firearms.
Francis made it clear that the Argentine bishops’ interpretation of AL allowing public adulterers to receive Holy Communion “explains precisely the meaning of Chapter VIII of ‘Amoris Laetitia.’ There are no other interpretations.”
The two men Ford named as possible witnesses to the assault have contradicter her claims under oath.
It is mercy for the predator priests,” she told EWTN’s Raymond Arroyo on the February 8 episode of World Over.
The previous administration, however, filed an overzealous appeal that resulted in the Hammonds being sentenced to five years in prison.
“I really dislike when people who are older say that our generation needs to be exposed to the real world.
Saudi leaders for two weeks denied knowing anything about the Khashoggi case.
Troops setting up barb wire under the Hidalgo Reynosa bridge #RGV -Miltares colocan cerca alámbrica en la frontera #Texas #Telemundo40 vid @AntonioNewsT40 pic.twitter.com/8cr3XfH2T6 — Iris Rodriguez (@IrisNews) November 2, 2018
Graham warned fellow GOPers about voting against the nomination.
But this is a case where Obama Inc. tried to get them to do the wrong thing.
The truth is the important thing...”
And that debate involved none other than Valerie Jarrett.
They interpret the current abuse crisis as fruit of the mistakes of the Council itself and not only of the post-Council…”
They, at least, do not harbour this insane contradiction, and understand – and frequently say out loud – that the New Paradigm and the Catholic Church are not the same.
Ali admitted to having fought with Jihadists in Syria.
Whataburger told Fox News that it is cooperating with the police investigation.
The immigrant employment index, set to 100.0 in January 2009, fell to 124.7 from 129.6 in April.
The US President wants every American citizen to see the full, unredacted version of the FISA documents used to spy on Carter Page.
At the click of a mouse, we can summon almost any information we could possibly need including instructions for making a bomb.
On November 14, the Israeli Air Force killed Ahmad Jabari in an air strike.
Rep. Danny Davis helped get the ball rolling by praising Farrakhan.
the necessary vitality in living and transmitting the charism,” composed of at least eight nuns of solemn vows, “as long as most are not of advanced age”.
Don Lemon wanted to defend the "peaceful" migrants who are headed toward the US border to illegally enter the country against our immigration laws, but said that the "biggest terror threat in this country is white men, most of them radicalized to the right."
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
You may opt out at anytime.
President Trump continues to support Kavanaugh, who maintains his innocence.
We do not want new figures but rather those that already exist (Associations, [federation] Presidents, Provincials...) be empowered in a legal way (canonically) to help communities in difficulty, for the mission to discern, to counsel, to accompany.” “...We are also concerned for those communities not affiliated to Federations, we see that we should be close to them.”
It has since been revealed that it was Joseph Ratzinger – the maverick “progressive” academic theologian Frings had brought to Rome as his secretary – who wrote that speech.
Without a shred of evidence, a highly qualified judge, with no other blemish on his record, is being smeared on the national stage by a political lynch mob out for blood.
There were no exceptions.
One kid wanted to join and told me they had recommended he go to some college or other to study philosophy first.
Sen. Bob Corker is another summertime soldier calling on colleagues to stand and fight Trump while he retires to Tennessee.
“Notice no Bible verses, no reciting the Ten Commandments or the Lord’s Prayer,” he said.
The FBI’s bafflement here is part of its deep, deep corruption.
Of course, if they did, then someone might actually have to act on something that actually was a crime.
The suspect, Traore Kobili, is scheduled to have a third evaluation to determine his ability to stand trial for the murder of Sarah Halimi in April 2017.
On the one hand, this “focus” is vague to the point of being meaningless and completely incapacitates us.
They heard Kobili Traore chanting Muslim prayers and Koranic verses.
Top Congressional Democrats Nancy Pelosi, Chuck Schumer, Adam Schiff and Mark Warner penned a joint letter to ODNI Director Dan Coates, Deputy AG Rod Rosenstein and FBI Director Christopher Wray demanding that the agencies defy President Trump.
Biblical Illiterates Reverse Romans 13: Teach Submit to Tyranny!
I don’t want to paint with a broad brush every immigrant is this, every African-American is that, every, you know, other person with different religious beliefs or whatever – that’s childish.”
“If you have concerns about any symptoms or medical problems that developed during or after a stay in China, consult a medical professional,” the State Department said in a public release.
As Faggioli puts it: “In the last fifteen years, the American Catholic Church has been traversed by a radicalization of religious conservatism in the neo-traditionalism sense, especially in the younger generations of priests and intellectuals.
Federal investigators on Friday said that the person who drove a burning minivan filled with propane and gas tanks into the front gate of Travis Air Force Base in Northern California was a 51-year-old Bay Area man originally from India.
He said a victory for Silvio Berlusconi's party in Italy's March 4 election would strengthen the nationalist fold.
It is no coincidence that, as I detail in my book on the Third Secret of Fatima, Sodano and Bertone have also taken the leading role in suppressing the integral Secret and reducing the Message of Fatima in general to a generic prescription for personal piety, stripped of its prophetic and admonitory content regarding the epochal malfeasance and corruption of the upper hierarchy to which they belong.
This reputation was cemented during his work as the peritus, the theological advisor, of one of the Council’s most influential of the bishops of the progressive camp, Cardinal Josef Frings of Cologne.
Even if he wasn’t on the phone to Baghdadi, the likelihood is that when a Muslim drives into a U.S. Air Force Base with a car full of incendiaries, probably this has something to do with the global jihad.
Pompeo did not report any progress following a day of meetings in Riyadh with Saudi King Salman and his powerful son, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, the country’s de facto ruler.
Federation: Belgium - Luxembourg.
In our efforts to be open to the world we have become all too willing to abandon the Way, the Truth, and the Life.
Personal Liberty Poll Exercise your right to vote.
Barely 30, Habib Powell had more power than many of the big Bush era names you do know.
No sign of breakthrough after Pompeo meets with Saudi rulers over missing journalist
And as schools continue to fail, and authoritarian policies continue to wreak havoc on our society, more will wake up to the absolute horror of what allowing the state to educate our children has done to the moral fabric of humanity.
There is no travel ban on them.
Let’s remember that this comes from the Congregation for Religious of Braz de’Aviz and Jose Rodriguez Carballo.
Branch has used my words against me by saying the teacher did tell the students about the Lord’s prayer (my daughter as well as 1 other said this is false)[.]
“This is also sexual exploitation of children in a grooming gang, a predator priest.
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution
Bob Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 Angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to USA!” Trump wrote.
In the run-up to Francis’ visit to Ireland, the head of the Irish Catholic Church, Archbishop Eamon Martin, said he expected the pope to meet with victims of clergy sex abuse and to promise effective remedies.
He’s open to a special prosecutor, but his responses come across as passive, lacking push, zeal and enthusiasm to delve deeply into Spygate.
Trump did not end up winning Nevada in the end, but he did beat Clinton in 30 and a half other states.
And still, he was the best of the post-conciliar popes, which is why he’s the only one who won’t be canonized.
Or did you mean all black people?
He said: “Soros has antagonised not only us but also England, President Trump and Israel too.
However this catastrophe plays out, there is one man who will suffer no consequences whatsoever: Barack Obama.
The Pope later said he would send Malta Archbishop Charles Scicluna – the former top Vatican abuse investigator - to Chile to investigate the matter.
After a sympathetic federal judge ruled the 5-year mandatory minimum sentence unconstitutional, the father and son walked away with sentences of three months and one year respectively.
The Northeastern states have for long faced large scale migration from infiltrators and illegal immigrants from neighbouring countries, thanks to years of lethargy displayed by successive Congress-led regimes. However, with Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Home Minister Amit Shah at the helm, Northeast is finally getting its due. It is precisely to prevent any further large scale demographic invasion by infiltrators like Bangladeshi Muslims or the Rohingyas that the NRC will step in.
But the last meeting is likely to come under scrutiny and could interest Robert Mueller, the special prosecutor who is investigating alleged collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia.
Many of the other arrested illegals had criminal convictions from Mexico and Guatemala throughout Northern California.
It's also a version of a Sammy Davis Jr joke about converting to Judaism.
For those heavy into it, that’s their thing, but it ain’t my thing,” he said
It wasn’t until Tuesday that the office revealed publicly that it had turned over information to federal prosecutors.
take our poll - story continues below
The United Nations Working Party on Unlawful Detentions has made that clear.
Now that last part is significant.
Cliff Eserman, who works for the Broward County Democratic Party adds that during the Democratic primary, Gillum had to campaign on values he does not really believe:
Finally, detention centres are not concentration camps and not unique to India. In fact, they are present in every sovereign nation including the US, UK and France. A compassionate law meant to provide succour to persecuted minorities from India’s neighbouring Islamic countries has been turned on its head. It has been craftily distorted by violence, misinformation and exploiting insecurity among Muslims to project it as a divisive instrument of hate.  It is imperative that those at the forefront of this travesty of truth look at themselves in the mirror: They will be surprised to see a grotesque demon covered with vitriol staring back at them.
Predictably, Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.) and other Democrats, including Senator Feinstein, have called for the Senate to postpone a vote on Judge Kavanaugh.
Patel, 32, was the first Indian-American writer for SNL, and has since been nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing.
They will either be in favor of the Catholic Church's teaching on sexuality and marriage and forbid such blessings, or “essentially accept them,” at least by “saying nothing.”
“I must, in the strongest of terms, ask Mexico to stop this onslaught – and if unable to do so I will call up the U.S. Military and CLOSE OUR SOUTHERN BORDER!” Trump wrote on Twitter.
The faithful may also take home holy water and sprinkle it on members of the family, but also the stable and the animals, thus blessing them.
And more than that, the potential priest needs to have job skills that have nothing to do with the priesthood.
The media has been hanging on every word the President says and arguing that his rhetoric is proof positive that he is some kind of Russian mole.
Comey’s initial draft statement, which he shared with FBI senior leadership on May 2, criticized Clinton’s handling of classified information as “grossly negligent,” but concluded that “no reasonable prosecutor” would bring a case based on the facts developed in the investigation.
Enacting ever-encroaching gun control laws is simply an incremental means to the ultimate end of gun confiscation and prohibition.
We seem to be slouching back to the old traditionalist trope: All the Church’s problems would be solved if we’d just go back to the Latin Mass.
A Dismal Record: Why Are They Destroying the Nuns?
And in the last couple of years, we’ve seen an increase in the military budget, we’ve seen an increase in the intelligence budget.
Sister writes that this was rejected “years ago” by Carmelite monasteries as undue interference.
“Even after the specific license was issued, U.S. government officials maintained in congressional testimony that Iran would not be granted access to the U.S. financial system,” the report said.
For Kim, these weapons are purely defensive, designed to prevent a US attack on his nation.
"I did what I believe was right for my community as well as to protect public safety," Schaaf said Friday, according to NBC Bay Area.
Custody and not before.”
No one pays me to write these blog posts.
The concerns, which the department says can be tied to the Florida Democratic Party, center around date changes on forms used to fix vote-by-mail ballots sent with incorrect or missing information.
Whoa!’ First of all, calligraphy was invented in China 3,000 years prior to Muhammad.
If you wanted a job, you went through her.
Employment Status by Nativity, May 2010-May 2011 (numbers in 1000s; not seasonally adjusted) May-10 May-11 Change % Change Foreign born, 16 years and older Civilian population 35,647 36,348 701 2.0% Civilian labor force 24,210 24,253 43 0.2% Participation rate (%) 67.9% 66.7% -1.2%pt.
Jimenez, who is 30, seems to have only had a part-time job.
Nah: his tax cuts and return to “normalcy” got the American economy, and the Twenties, roaring.
In fact, It’s got a whole new look now.
No editorial note was attached to inform the readers of the changes:
He established a tradition for the post of being anti-Muslim, pro-Israel and anti-Russian, a policy continued to this day by the current US UN rep, loud-mouthed neocon Nikki Haley.
President Donald Trump on Monday ordered Pompeo to rush to the desert kingdom to try to determine the fate of the missing journalist, Jamal Khashoggi, and the diplomat quickly hopped a plane.
Barack Hussein Obama has planted seeds that will be bearing bitter fruit for years, and probably decades, to come.
But how can journalists discover and know the truth if those directly involved with a matter refuse to answer any questions or to release any documents?
Ellison then concluded, "He made it very clear in the early 90s that his views and mine were absolutely incompatible, and I’ve been saying that ever since.”
The banning of free speech activists Martin Sellner and Brittany Pettibone from the UK is just the latest of many, many examples of how the British government bans foes of jihad terror while admitting its proponents.
There is no mention of this artillery threat in the final communiqué issued by Trump and Kim in Singapore.
Native-born American employment growth is represented by the black line, immigrant employment growth is in pink, and NVAWDI—the ratio of immigrant to native-born American job growth—is in blue.
Ratzinger, who did not change, continues it.”
As Delegate for Pontifical Representations I received worrisome information about him.
The aides named are Imran Awan, his wife Hina Alvi, his brothers Abid and Jamal, and his friend Rao Abbas, Pakistani-born aides.
WARNING: GRAPHIC LANGUAGE: Click here to watch the video.
Federation: Spain – Castile Burgos
Like a spurned lover, the Guardian aimed its personal, petty, inhuman and craven attacks at a man whose work it once published and profited from.
Non-Hispanic employment: up 190,000 (+0.16 percent)
A good way to achieve both objectives would be back Israel's response to Iran's aggression--now and in the future."
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 18, 2018
Only after the Flood, when Noah and his sons set about repopulating the earth, did God delegate to human society His exclusive authority to impose the death penalty for just cause.
It seemed as if two schoolyard bullies had been forced by the principal to shake hands.
Democrats like Oakland's Mayor Schaaf.
He then transferred the data to Pakistan.
“For years, anti-gunners have contended that modern semi-automatic sport-utility rifles are so-called ‘weapons of war,’ and with this settlement, the government has acknowledged they are nothing of the sort.
“‘I like taking the guns early, like in this crazy man’s case that just took place in Florida … to go to court would have taken a long time,’ Trump said at a meeting with lawmakers on school safety and gun violence.
The USMCA is a disaster and should be done away with without this threat of a caravan of migrants.
How are they to maintain themselves?
The world is changing.
And the Bishops know it.
Only Barack Obama did.
The Prince of this World has made a grand display of his authority in the last few centuries.
The natural question, “Why does Pope Francis keep such bad men around him?” is now easy to answer.
The NRC may not be foolproof and warrants further refinement to be more effective, but one thing it is not: an instrument that can be manipulated to discriminate against Muslims. By deliberate misinformation, an ideologically entrenched liberal lobby has wilfully fed into minority paranoia to stoke unwarranted concerns fuelling extremist elements.
Francis cleverly uses the synodal process to relax church doctrine by employing secular tools of surveys and focus groups.
Flake and Corker are being beatified by the Beltway elites, and George W. Bush and John McCain celebrated for their denunciations of Trumpism.
“At this time, we have not had cooperation from attorneys representing other clients, and they have made no attempt to substantiate their claims.”
“We have urban Ebola, which is a very different animal from rural Ebola.
We have previously shown that the Guardian even uses fascist propaganda tropes to smear the Russian people.
The World Health Organisation reports that the first Ebola outbreaks occurred in remote villages in Central Africa, near tropical rainforests.
Scientists are greatly concerned that this outbreak in the remote Bikoro region will travel 175 miles to the city of Mbandaka – the capital of Equateur province and home to around 1.2 million residents.
I am here because I believe it is my civic duty to tell you what happened to me while Brett Kavanaugh and I were in high school.”
President Trump seemed to be publicly siding with the Russian dictator against the American intelligence agencies.
Neither embraces nor the ghetto can resolve the problem of [relations with] the modern world for the Christian.
Election Day is November 6.
Another way of looking at American worker displacement: the immigrant share of total U.S. employment rose steadily, albeit erratically, throughout the Obama years.
The most that can be said is that their lives here on earth are shortened, and they must settle their accounts sooner than expected.
The other suggestion I have is for young men interested in the priesthood to fortify themselves not only spiritually but in the material sphere.
The length of their prison terms, in part, fueled outrage at their convictions.
Not only that, the team that handled Clinton’s investigation so poorly was almost the identical team that was then assigned to handle the Russia investigation!
The West falls as it fails to see Europe being overrun.”
Graham continued, "Would you say you've been through hell?"
Four members of the commission had met with Cardinal O’Malley in 2015, conveying their objections to Francis’s 2015 appointment of Barros as bishop of Osorno.
In his 2008 homily on the Feast of the Epiphany, Pope Benedict reminded us that the Father’s plan of salvation had been fully revealed and realized in the mystery of Christ’s death and resurrection, but it needs to be welcomed in human history, which is always a history of fidelity on God’s part and unfortunately also of infidelity on the part of us men.
Clearly, she was speaking of all black people and not being specific to Holder or Booker as they look nothing alike.
He adds that “you have to appeal to white guilt.”
From the neo-Catholic perspective, the events of recent days present a terrifying prospect: the final collapse of the Novus Ordo establishment, an end to the conciliar aggiornamento and a revival of integral Tradition, which growing numbers of young people are seeking.
We must always believe that God is the one who directs history.
Key Features of Citizenship Amendment Act, 2019
Talk about an absolute hypocrite!
To these foundations of the contemplative life – indeed of any form of religious life in the Church – Francis set up another of his false dichotomies, contemplation in opposition to serving others, giving a Jesuit maxim as an imperative for all Catholics: “We are called to be contemplatives even in the midst of action, and to grow in holiness by responsibly and generously carrying out our proper mission.”
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
“We're watching a period where what we have to understand is this is about raw power," former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich (R-Ga.) said Tuesday.
Do you agree with the call for a federal investigation?
House investigators found the House server was being used for nefarious purposes: the alleged Muslim spies were removing information and sending it for foreign actors.
As I understand Julian, this is something he would not even contemplate.
How much anti-Semitism is too much even for it.
It is said that they annihilated 50-100 hundred million, but nobody ever mentions this.
Thermal guns to detect anyone with a fever have been put in place along its border with Uganda and at the Jomo Kenyatta International Airport.
In addition, the judge is forced to rush his decision and issue the confiscation order on the same day of the ex parte hearing.
O’Malley, the archbishop of Boston, said in the statement that the pope had “given much prayerful consideration” to the membership of the panel.
In his communication to the bishops, McCarrick had manipulated a letter of then-Cardinal Ratzinger who prohibited giving them Communion.
The pressure was on from London to keep it going.
We were all united in the praise of the Spirit who had brought us there together from different languages and nations.”
It continues to be the wages of sin (Rom 6:23), and men must still submit to it sooner or later by forfeiting their lives, either willingly or unwillingly.
Don’t give Ramirez the time of day.
Two months ago, Trump tweeted that he should have chosen a different person as attorney general who wouldn’t have needed to recuse himself.
DOJ May Hit #Resistance Mayor Who Warned Illegal Criminals w/Obstruction of Justice
“A third development is that the document shows that Vatican officials paid attention to concerns about LGBT issues which were raised by youth at a pre-synod meeting in Rome during March of this year, and also from youth around the world who made their views known to the Vatican online.”
The president also continued to push a line first floated by his attorney, former New York mayor and U.S. attorney Rudolph Giuliani, tweeting that campaign collusion with Russia would be a “phony crime.” He’s right, there is no specific collusion statute.
While this settlement is a victory for First Amendment rights, it will be difficult, if not impossible, for the government to regulate either the printers or the guns that are made with them.
On January 5, ANI tweeted images of the people who gathered in support of CAA in Washington on January 4 and said, “Washington: Members of Indian diaspora demonstrate in Seattle, in support of #CitizenshipAmendmentAct. #USA (4.1.2020).” Alt News could also find a report about this gathering on ANI’s website.
Not with the changes they’ve made in response to the border-crashers that pushed their way into Mexico.
The time to take a stand against this radical hijacking of Holy Mother Church is now.
Viganò concludes his testimony by declaring that all of the prelates involved (many others are implicated), including Bergoglio, should resign their offices for the good of the Church.
In short, not only can a bad bishop harry a man out of his ministry, he has complete control over the priest’s material life.
In any case, a larger point is being lost here.
Previously Harding and the Guardian have published documents faked by the Moreno government regarding a diplomatic appointment to Russia for Assange of which he had no knowledge.
It includes all of that.”
And your addition “in individual cases” is absolutely worthless, it has no argumentative force.
Jamie outlines the frameworks of this tyrannical plantation and how those who are trapped on it, and yearn for freedom, can best escape.]
Juanita Broaddrick, who accused Bill Clinton of rape — and who’s never ever recanted her story, in all the years she’s made the accusation — had a blunt message for Sen. Dianna Feinstein about the supposed “due process” that needs to be given to Brett Kavanaugh’s accuser, and it’s one that goes like this: Where was mine?
Breitbart News has exclusively published several of Epstein’s reports, including a recent one showing that Google search manipulation can swing huge swaths of voters.
Assange does not ask for special treatment.
The Cross which was its instrument is the very sign of Christianity, the only means of salvation.
The other type is an "ultrasound" attack, whereby a high frequency noise inaudible to human ears can be targeted easily at potential victims.
But the administration’s amateur foreign policymakers failed to understand that the only “deal” that could get China to disarm the North was by agreeing to remove all US military bases from the region – South Korea, Japan and Guam – and also moving the US Seventh Fleet far from China’s coasts.
Abid: That was my father’s request…
Multiculturalism, after all, amounts to respect for every culture except one’s own.
And there would be no problem getting past metal detectors with a gun molded from high-quality plastic.
But why is Fisher still “working hard not to assume the worst” when there is no longer anything to assume as the ever-mounting evidence of malintent has been in plain view for years?
How do you drain the swamp by adding to it?
This wasn’t a get-out-the-vote effort or whatever they say.
“I have fought all my life to advance the cause of social justice and equality, and I have always opposed bigotry in all its forms,” Clyburn said in the statement.
More Honduran migrants tried to join a caravan of several thousand trekking through Guatemala on Wednesday, defying calls by authorities not to make the journey after U.S. President Donald Trump threatened to cut off regional aid in reprisal.
She noticed that Latino voters did record-breaking numbers, especially in states like Florida, Nevada and Arizona — the last of which she describes as “a key state for us.” She brags that the company used its power to ensure that millions of people saw certain hashtags and social media impressions, with the goal of influencing their behavior during the election.”
“However, no nation has a more talented, more dedicated group of law enforcement investigators and prosecutors than the United States.”
Pope Francis vs Contemplative Orders
Newt Gingrich: The truth about Trump, Putin, and Obama
I believe it was due to the Pope’s first collaborator at the time, Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone, who notoriously favored promoting homosexuals into positions of responsibility, and was accustomed to managing the information he thought appropriate to convey to the Pope.
Border security is national security, and @DHSgov will enforce our nation's laws.
Establishment Democrats are all over the mainstream media channels calling the act of releasing documents criminal.
Another email from February 2015 suggested that the Google Chairman remained active in its collaboration with the Clinton campaign: John Podesta wrote that Eric Schmidt met with HR “about the business he proposes to do with the campaign.
The Trump administration is taking real actions designed to weaken Russia and force Putin to change his aggressive behavior.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
In 1993, Farrakhan told women: "You're a failure if you can't keep a man."
“You are the Pope’s representative in the US, and you are urging me to read a book that questions what the secretary of state wrote?” Sambi replied, “All I am saying is that there are interesting things worth reading in this book.
The Swedish episode was bogus and farcical and he has been vindicated.
Orban said on Sunday that Europe faces a critical fissure between nation states of the East and the West, which he called an "immigrant zone, a mixed population world that heads in a direction different from ours".
“You ain’t supporting s--- n----!” the man is heard saying on camera after tossing a large drink in the direction of the person filming the video.
Before her arrest, Winner called Trump an “orange fascist” on Twitter.
We must cast out sin from our own lives and run toward holiness.
Warren said that AAA made the right decision to remove Patel from the stage due to the nature of his jokes, which contradicted the sensitive nature of the event itself.
“As though the Church is going to ask laypeople to be engaged for nine years before they marry.
On December 30, 2019, ANItweeted, “New York: Members of Indian diaspora demonstrate at Times Square in support of #CitizenshipAmendmentAct (29.12.19) #USA”
JP:I think it comes down to information.
“It seems altogether fitting and proper that this year’s award be presented in London, where Edmund Burke coined the expression “Fourth Estate.” Comparing the function of the press to that of the three Houses then in Parliament, Burke said: “…but in the Reporters Gallery yonder, there sits a Fourth Estate more important far then they all.” The year was 1787—the year the U.S. Constitution was adopted.
Does the inclusion of completely subjective criteria belong in a juridical document?
Nor could Cardinals Giovanni Lajolo and Dominique Mamberti have failed to know.
Color me skeptical.
You may opt out at anytime.
The GOP currently controls the Senate, which has the final say on judicial nominations, by an uncomfortably close margin of 51 to 49.
As the old saying goes, "If you like down with dogs, you're going to get fleas."
Bishop Morlino does this in a moment when he is under heavy attack as a “hater” for defending the Church’s teaching on marriage—an attack, by the way, which prompted us here at The Remnant to join the fight to DEFEND BISHOP MORLINO last year.
At its close the number of murders had more than doubled, and in any six month period, more Americans were being murdered than those executed during the whole course of the century.
We will be pulling in more info in the coming hours/days but so far we definitely know there was high traffic on search in Spanish.
“We were shocked to see this video and certainly don’t condone this type of customer behavior in our restaurants," the company said.
You may opt out at anytime.
Another Carmel was renewed in 1990.
A week has already gone by since Ms. Ford went public with her story in an interview with the Washington Post while Ms. Ford and her attorneys stalled for time.
When he says that Muslims never killed Jews just for being Jews, he is lying, and relying on the historical ignorance of his audience.
The unnamed worker reported, “subtle and vague, but abnormal, sensations of sound and pressure.”
Your job is to answer the question.
It looks like Democrats may have hurt their own interests by misleading their voters.
Photo credit: Keilana, Roberta Mura
Read the 5 books of Moses.
Farrell’s pathetic and laughable defense “I never knew anything about McCarrick” video highlights the continuing conspiracy of denial by the U.S. Catholic hierarchy.
A jihad group explained it back in 2012: “The month of Ramadan is a month of holy war and death for Allah.
Candidate’s True Politics: “Gillum is a Progressive” and “He is a part of the crazy, crazy, crazies.”
Feb. 15 – A 42- year-old illegal alien from Mexico was arrested in San Antonio.
While his friend watched, she said, Kavanaugh pinned her to a bed on her back and groped her over her clothes, grinding his body against hers and clumsily attempting to pull off her one-piece bathing suit and the clothing she wore over it.
“Judge Kavanaugh has denied this allegation and over 60 women – with a broad range of political views – who’ve known him since high school, have sent a letter to the Senate Judiciary Committee vouching for his integrity and respect for women over that time,” says Carrie Severino, chief counsel for the Judicial Crisis Network.
That the penalty is due primarily as expiation to God in justice, and only secondarily to man has been lost sight of altogether.
Kavanaugh responded, "I've been through hell and then some."
And now that the rebels have been defeated and the civil war is almost over, what would be the cost and what would be the prospects of fighting a new and wider war?
Hundreds of migrants who had split off from the main ‘caravan’ of thousands arrived in Tijuana early Tuesday on nine buses.
We need to build, using the Gospel and the Council as a departure point.”
The last five months of 2017 saw the foreign-born population fall by an average 100,000 from the same month of the prior year (shown in red on our chart).
“We read the headline and thought WOW, we did it!”
They’ve become so by making themselves the enemies of Christ and His Holy Church.
From, among other sources, George Soros and his Open Society Foundation tentacles.
"For the first time I felt that someone is listening," Cruz said after the meeting.
Avenatti’s Freak Show
Without translating our tools the users wouldn’t have found the information they needed.
Yes, there is an argument to be made that Islam cannot be Islam without Jihad.
If not for that one case, McCarrick’s sixty years of homosexual debauchery might well have gone unpunished in this world and he would have died still possessed of all the phony honors that had been heaped upon him throughout his career as a parasite in the Body of Christ, including the favor shown to him by Bergoglio.
It’s funny that the buzzword of the day in Rome should be “autonomy”.
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
America’s media was quick to retail the story and burnish Trump’s credentials among the seriously credulous.
Tucker Carlson just blew the cover off the 2016 election influence charade, after he read an internal email on Monday night’s show from a senior Google employee who admitted to using company resources to make a “silent donation” to a liberal group that was creating ads and donating funds to bus Latinos to voting stations during the 2016 election in key swing states, in an effort to help Hillary Clinton win.
The Cardinal electors shall further abstain from any form of pact, agreement, promise or other commitment of any kind which could oblige them to give or deny their vote to a person or persons.
Just keep that in mind.
The mysterious illnesses reported by U.S. government employees in Cuba are allegedly thought to be either a “sonic attack” or perhaps malfunctioning surveillance gear.
Now, the prior degradation of the infidels in this world before the life to come—where it is their lot—is considered an act of piety; and the imposition of their poll tax [jizya], “until they pay the tribute out of hand and have been humbled” (Koran 9:29) is a divinely ordained obligation….The dhimmi’s payment of his dues by a bill drawn on a Muslim, or by delegating a real believer to pay it in his name will not be tolerated.
In October 2017, he was convicted for DUI and sentenced to 15 months in prison.
You may opt out at anytime.
While events have overtaken Faggioli’s piece, it will remain useful here as a prime example of the neo-Catholic polemic.
The angels agreed.
New outbreak of Ebola kills 17 in northwest DR Congo
There is a lot that’s riding on the line.
take our poll - story continues below
Among the counties involved with the altered affidavits is Broward, which has been a hotspot for controversy as many Florida races have led to a recount.
The New York Times is part of the establishment.
Fourth Estate on Life Support
She is part of the swamp, part of the willfully ignorant McMaster crowd that clearly opposed Trump’s agenda.
The Trump administration is taking real actions designed to weaken Russia and force Putin to change his aggressive behavior.
“Go back that far, let’s investigate my situation,” she said on Wednesday.
The Iranian government “uses shell and front companies to conceal its tracks” as part of an elaborate scheme designed to procure cash for the Quds Force of Iran’s militant Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, which the U.S. designates as a terrorist organization, Ms. Mandelker said.
You may opt out at anytime.
Trump, as president, has the power to override the agencies and declassify material on his own.
Ms. Ford : I don't remember.
The blessing is also not limited to rosaries or religious medal, but one may also bless cars, factory halls, animals, herbs, and much more.
In Europe, he cited as allies Hungary's fellow Visegrad countries Slovakia, the Czech Republic and Poland, whose ruling Law and Justice (PiS) party is also often at loggerheads with the EU.
A watchdog group filed a Senate ethics complaint Monday against Sens.
Against the State: An ... Llewellyn H. Rockwell Jr. Best Price: $9.95 Buy New $9.95 (as of 06:00 EDT - Details)
Banning large capacity ammunition feeding devices and the importation of all large capacity ammunition clips.
Here's what that might look like:
JUST WATCHED Pompeo lays out US list of demands for Iran Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Pompeo lays out US list of demands for Iran 02:40
He has been totally left out in the cold to fend for himself.
Over that same period Hispanic employment rose by 3.9 million, up a whopping 24.2%.
I met with #SecDef in #Texas today to highlight the work that we are doing together to secure our borders.
In an interview with Hill.TV yesterday, the president said he ordered the mass declassification to show the public that the FBI investigation of the conspiracy theory began as a “hoax.” Exposing it could be one of the “crowning achievements” of his presidency, he said.
The Nazis called it the ‘Final Solution’ of the Jews.
Whether or not justice involves the resignation of the most wayward Pope in Church history, the inevitable season of justice will culminate in the triumph of the Immaculate Heart of Mary and the Church’s restoration.
Back in Washington everything became very clear to me, thanks also to a new event that occurred only a few days after my meeting with Pope Francis.
Where does he come into the picture?
Below are the 14 profiles currently listed as the “Most Wanted Domestic Terrorists”
First of all, the authority given to our representative government is derived from “We the People.”
take our poll - story continues below
Its intention is mopping up; either to herd the remaining recalcitrants – those who have resisted even to the softened and conciliating degrees typical of “conservatives” – into the full post-conciliar “reform” instituted by the revolutionaries in the 1960s – or to close them.
Date when erected: 1996
What did they know, when did they know it, John Solomon?
A student in the school threatened to get her adult friends to come to my home and kill me by stabbing me in the chest and ripping my organs out.
The video shows the man throwing his fountain drink at the table and shouting a racial slur.
Therefore it is clear that one may not bless a relationship which is sinful; [one may not bless] the mafia; no blessing for organizations or institutions which promote or procure abortions or which propagate ideologies which are against the Faith, antisemitic contents, or other forms of racist thought.
TOENSING: Did Bob Mueller go to the White House and tell him?
Sessions is a weak sister.
Using a very low standard of proof.
This does not apply to Assam, due to the cutoff of 1971. For the rest of the country, those born outside the country after January 26, 1950, and residing in India without proper documents is an illegal immigrant.
His minions and bootlickers are promoting Trump for the Nobel Prize – rather ahead of events.
No, keep the military out of it.
Dibyesh Anand: Indian government seems to be going for one identification exercise after another, on speed. Each one of them on their own may have merits, but put together, they point toward a blatant attempt to disenfranchise Muslim minorities to start with. Transgender people, adivasis, homeless persons, and several others will also become a collateral damage in this battle of BJP against Muslims. There is no evidence of census exercise in India, respected worldwide for its mammoth task, being insufficient. With CAA in place, the main identity group that is put in precarious position of being rendered stateless because they may struggle to provide documents are Indian Muslims. Other groups at least will have recourse to citizenship through CAA; Muslims won't. Security is an excuse, disenfranchisement of Muslims is the purpose, and asserting Hindu identity for India is the main aim.
Like the invasion of Iraq, it was based on lies.
* Yes, he should have gotten it back.
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump continued bashing Robert S. Mueller III’s Russia investigation, saying cryptically Monday the special counsel is “looking for trouble.”
May God save His Church MJM
Even blessing bishops cannot change that.
Of course, as with the number of illegal immigrants entering our county, the Feds downplay the actual number which always ends up to be more than quadruple their stated number.
Autonomy and Association; autonomy and Fr.
Get Fast Forward in your inbox: Forget yesterday's news.
"The one who designed it was me," she said.
The craziness over transgender students and bathrooms/locker rooms, allowing students to “take a knee” during the playing of the National Anthem, the Left-wing curriculum, and refusing to allow students to wear shirts that praise POTUS Trump or feature the American flag are also driving parents into homeschooling.
Cried the speaker- May profit by their example.
And she was quoted as saying that Abedin “feels a deep responsibility to encourage more mutual understanding between her beliefs and culture and American culture.”
This period was at the peak of the power of the grotesquely corrupt Fr.
Please, put yourself in the position of these humble ranchers and consider if you would appreciate someone simply taking the time to put their name on a petition to which the President of the united States might have to respond to by setting these men free.
According to two officials who spoke anonymously with the New York Times, the incident involved possible sexual misconduct between Kavanaugh and the woman.
Glazov has written about the subject in previous books, including “High Noon for America: The Coming Showdown” and “United in Hate.”
He was convicted in 2011 of indecency with a child, a felony, and was sentenced to 10 years’ probation.
However, he failed to acknowledge receipt of my two letters, contrary to what he customarily did.
It is on all of us to debunk them and to educate the public about their scheme.
"Thus, there exists a dispute, involving questions of law and fact, between the plaintiff state of Kerala and the defendant Union of India, regarding the enforcement of legal rights as a State and as well for the enforcement of the fundamental, statutory constitutional and other legal rights of the inhabitants of the State of Kerala. Hence, this Original Suit under Article 131 of the Constitution is being preferred," the plea said.
According to Breitbart, “Sellner, who described the detention centre as looking akin to a typical American prison, said he was told by authorities that his speaking at Hyde Park could cause violence and disrupt community cohesion.”
But after a while, the Nazis discovered that there were groups of Jews calling for the establishment of a state.
* Yes, he will be confirmed.
He immediately said to me, in a tone somewhere between ambiguous and triumphant: “The Pope received me yesterday, tomorrow I am going to China.”
By Jamie Glazov
What was the GOP establishment's reply to the opposition to amnesty for illegals and calls for a moratorium on legal immigration, to assimilate the tens of millions already here?
Lashing out at Democrats, Graham said, “If you wanted an FBI investigation, you could have come to us.
Think of this, the meekest man alive was sent to the face of the Pharaoh to tell him to obey or else.
Tags: breaking, columbia university asian american alliance, cultureSHOCK, nimesh patel
Yes, Frontpage editor Jamie Glazov has had his ban lifted at Facebook, but this is clearly only a brief reprieve for him on that platform -- and it is only, obviously, a very tiny space in the Stalinist Left's war on America and on everything on which it stands.
She said she ran from the room, briefly locked herself in a bathroom and then fled the house.
Austrian bishop forcefully rejects German Bishops’ idea of blessing homosexual unions
– Shakespeare, As You Like It Pope Francis and Cardinal Farrell sit with students at the 2018 pre-synodal meeting for young people.
But a judge requested a second series of tests, which determined that the Malian immigrant was not able to stand trial, 20 Minutes reported Wednesday.
By this measure also, May 2011 is notable for some catching up on the part of native-born workers—at least when compared to the same month of 2010:
Patel joked that being gay cannot be a choice because “no one looks in the mirror and thinks, ‘this black thing is too easy, let me just add another thing to it.’”
Now, with the pope having forbidden bishops to exercise this ancient right, according to this document, the federations themselves can make foundations.
It's about politics."
President Donald Trump said he’ll mobilize the U.S. military to close the border with Mexico to stop an “assault” on the nation by a caravan of migrants from Central America, according to a report by Bloomberg.com.
They were esteemed academic colleagues.
(2 Tim 1:12)
On December 18, 2019, the top court had issued a notice to the Centre and sought its response by the second week of January on a batch of pleas challenging the CAA's legality.
“It’s not being rude and insulting to people.
First, the very people who have been loudest in attacking President Trump about his performance at the Helsinki summit are the people who failed to protect America from Russian meddling in 2016.
I tell you this with all seriousness: At some point, the American people will be forced to view these governmental attacks against our Second Amendment liberties as a declaration of war.
Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.?
Both claim to have reluctantly been drawn into confirmation battles.
Cardinal Wuerl also clearly lied on another occasion.
Don’t we all want to know why Hans Kung is still a priest?
Two months ago, the Department of Justice quietly offered Wilson a settlement to end a lawsuit he and a group of co-plaintiffs have pursued since 2015 against the United States government.
Assange’s crime is to have broken a silence.
The little green shoots of hope that the faithful Catholic world so rejoiced to see are to be stamped back into the frost of Vatican II’s perpetual winter.
It is to wonder what this man would make of a comment by the great Dom Paul Delatte, the second abbot of Solesmes and successor to the refounder, Dom Gueranger, who wrote in his commentary on the Rule of St. Benedict:
They can write all big and bad but when it comes to what someone else should do.
Elijah took Ahab and the false prophets to the top of Mount Carmel where the God of Israel consumed the sacrifice by fire, and the false prophets were killed (1 Kings 18:38-40).
But Democrats claim they were never told about any of the cybersecurity issues itemized in the urgent memo.
Facebook’s Unholy Alliance masters are, without doubt, accelerating their totalitarian suffocation of free thought and expression.
In October 2008, the President, the Religious Assistant and a Lawyer were in Rome where they explained the proposals.
No, you can't act like a child and keep your pass.
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
Willfully Ignorant FBI Can't Discover Motive For Muslim Jihadi Who Drove Into Propane Tanks At Travis Air Force Base
Ray said the top three reasons that parents choose homeschooling are a desire to provide religious instruction or different values than those offered in public schools; dissatisfaction with the academic curriculum, and worries about the school environment.
“The problem is not the Iran nuclear deal it’s the Iranian regime,” said the source.
This was unjust.
The man in the video allegedly was fired from his part-time job at a San Antonio bar after the footage began circulating on social media.
665 SHARES Facebook Twitter
Out of the five samples sent to the National Institute of Biological Research in Kinshasa, two tested positive for Ebola.
In emails we obtained through a public records request, we didn’t find out who her sources were, but we do know who she was talking to before she made her big announcement.
Two separate National Security Council sources have confirmed that National Security Advisor H. R. McMaster and Deputy National Security Advisor Dina Powell have been leaking negative material about President Donald J. Trump to their allies in the anti-Trump media,
Following a morally unacceptable event authorized by the academic authorities of Georgetown University, I brought it to the attention of its President, Dr. John DeGioia, sending him two subsequent letters.
But whether it’s a special counsel or whether it’s a prosecutor that is investigating this, they will be able to follow the money.
CBS News reports that Judge Kavanaugh's wife, Ashley Kavanaugh, has received multiple threats.
Downstream lies Kinshasa and Brazzaville – the DRC’s capital.
Her strong preference continues to be for the Senate Judiciary Committee to allow for a full investigation prior to her testimony.”
Bon Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to [sic] USA!” Trump wrote.
Wills, not surprisingly, does not offer any quotation from me to back up his false claim.
ESERMAN: “In order to win he had to be… He’s really left of center.
I also remember in particular the fact that I had to draw his attention to it, because I realized that in an archdiocesan publication, on the back cover in color, there was an announcement inviting young men who thought they had a vocation to the priesthood to a meeting with Cardinal McCarrick.
I have been hearing from priests who are saying in effect, “We’re trapped in this situation and forced to remain silent because if we don’t we’ll not only be unable to function as priests, but we’ll be homeless and penniless.
I knew the US security services were conducting a fake investigation the moment it became clear that the FBI did not even themselves look at the DNC servers, instead accepting a report from the Clinton linked DNC “security consultants” Crowdstrike.
“Do you know this book?
Power was a senior adviser to President Barack Obama.
April data showed illegal immigration had rebounded dramatically, after running below the previous year’s level for most of 2017.
Immediately after, the Pope asked me in a deceitful way: “What is Cardinal McCarrick like?” I answered him with complete frankness and, if you want, with great naiveté: “Holy Father, I don’t know if you know Cardinal McCarrick, but if you ask the Congregation for Bishops there is a dossier this thick about him.
Leftists have said the connection is unfair, because Waters’ was only calling for accosting Trump administration officials.
By an amazing coincidence, January 2009—the month President Obama took office—is also the earliest month of data published in BLS's new foreign and native-born employment table.
Article posted with permission from The Free Thought Project
Today we honor WikiLeaks, and one of its leaders, Julian Assange, for their ingenuity in creating a new highway by which important documentary evidence can make its way, quickly and confidentially, through the ether and into our in-boxes.
Maybe that’s why they refused to appear before Congress last week?https://t.co/1YELagt8hH — Andrew Surabian (@Surabees) September 11, 2018
I don't doubt it.
You may opt out at anytime.
American employment grew 57% faster than immigrant employment: 1.27% versus 0.81%.
At the Angelus on Sunday, August 12, 2018 Pope Francis said these words: “Everyone is guilty for the good he could have done and did not do ...
I think it’s only reasonable that those who also want to maintain the Faith should reach out to them and offer what shelter we can.
We’ve updated this map.
Other parents do not wish to have their children indoctrinated with views that contradict the parents’ political, social, or even religious beliefs.
“The sacrifice of our personal liberty for security is and will forever be a false choice,” Senator Rand Paul said of Kavanaugh’s views on the disposable nature of the constitution.
Similarly, Obama-era national security officials seem determined to use the harshest possible language to attack President Trump.
Last year, Orbán also criticized liberals and encouraged citizens to give life to more children during the 11th conference of the World Congress of Families.
Investigators have drawn theories including that were targeted by sonic attacks, where the symptoms included dizziness, headaches and vomiting.
Juanita Broaddrick: Senator Feinstein Had No Interest In My Rape Allegation
We're talking ARs, 1911s and a host of other guns.
“We must constantly reinforce our support for removing the iron sandal from the necks of the people to allow them the freedom they deserve.”
If the IG did know the subject of the president’s communications with Clinton, he failed to reveal any details.
That is to say, until recently the problems of the Church have been painted purely as problems of pedophilia — this despite clear evidence to the contrary.
In 2014, 66 were infected out of which 49 died – a 74% fatality rate.
“The heart-wrenching pain of these victims, which cries out to heaven, was long ignored, kept quiet or silenced,” Francis said in a Letter to the People of God, a rarely-issued address to the world’s 1.3 billion Catholics.
“They are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights… Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their powers from the consent of the governed.” -The Declaration of Independence
She offered no evidence — nor was asked for any — to back her grave allegations.
National Data | December Jobs—TRUMP EFFECT!
Suffering the penalty not only allows the criminal to render expiation to God and to society, but if accepted in Christ’s grace with due repentance, it preserves his soul from hell and eliminates much of his purgatory.
The ability to build an untraceable, unregistered gun is definitely a game changer.
As the assistant Democratic leader, Clyburn is the third-highest ranked Democrat in the House.
Not much in my mind.
Ford can choose to state her case on Monday or not, but she is not in a position to be calling the shots.
Why do you continue to call yourself Benedict XVI if you are no longer pope?
He went onto say that we are commanded by Scripture to submit to the authorities that have been elected.
With an entire chapter dedicated to the virtues of Islam and not a single chapter for Christianity, the textbook had Floridians in a frenzy.
Of course, when the CFIUS decision was made.
While the BJP plays out its political and ideological agenda, it would do well to keep in mind India’s security considerations. A Bangladesh which turns against India is not good news. China which is encircling India’s periphery can easily use the situation to its advantage and spread its footprints firmly in Bangladesh, as it has done in Myanmar and Nepal. So far, none of that has happened, but the danger is very much there.
The Daily Caller News Foundation was present at the court hearing.
Just like his promotion of voting for Republicans in the House would lead to defeating Democrats and keep the words "Speaker Pelosi" off our lips, Trump also said that a vote for Braun's opponent, incumbent Democrat Sen. Joe Donnelly, would lead to Senator Chuck Schumer (D-NY) becoming the Senate Majority leader should the Democrats regain control of the Senate.
Ms. Ford : At a house in our town.
The two-year outbreak in West Africa that began in 2014 involved major urban areas as well as rural ones.
The fever can cause severe internal bleeding that is often fatal.
“John is someone who understands the danger of Iran viscerally, and knows that you’re never going to fundamentally change its behavior—and the threats against Israel and the Saudis especially—until that revolutionary regime is gone,” the source said, adding that “nothing’s off the table right now if Israel is attacked.”
If you find that fascinating, then you are going to enjoy these ten amazing facts about the Andromeda Galaxy.
The report by the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations revealed that under President Barack Obama, the Treasury Department issued a license in February 2016, never previously disclosed, that would have allowed Iran to convert $5.7 billion it held at a bank in Oman from Omani rials into euros by exchanging them first into U.S. dollars.
Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers.
“The teacher has told her class several times that this is a study of world religions and that she is not trying to advocate for any religion over another.
Well, the federation and the Holy See between them work it out:
The Democrat leadership collusion with Muslim spies is the biggest story of treason and espionage in the recent memory.
By playing along, by pretending that we could be “conservative Catholics” in this New Paradigm that also includes “liberal Catholics” we have helped them perpetrate one the most monstrous frauds in human history.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
“With a pardon, there’s no magic wand that gets waved and makes everything right,” Saucier said, “But I try to stay positive and look forward.” Saucier has had cars repossessed and is in debt due to the loss of income after having a felony on his record.
He renders one key passage in this way: “Fight then until there is no more persecution, and worship [at the shrine] is devoted to God” (2:193; p. 133).
Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back?
Starting with Comey’s public announcement on July 5, 2016 criticizing Hillary Clinton and her staff for being “extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information,” but also announcing that the FBI was “expressing to Justice our view that no charges are appropriate in this case,” Comey was taken to task for insubordination and usurping the authority of the attorney general.
“The Chilean Archbishop conference told him to revoke this appointment.
It all started in the fall of 2016.
For example, the organization writes in support of David Hogg's #NeverAgain movement, "WHEREAS, the U.S. Conference of Mayors has a 50-year history of formally adopting and aggressively promoting strong policies to reduce gun violence, all consistent with its support for the Second Amendment to the Constitution."
Saucier said that he realizes he had erred in taking the photos of the submarine, which he said he wanted to show only to his family so that they could see where he worked.
What was billed as a second-coming extravaganza between the two leaders – who have been trading insults of ‘little rocket man’ and ‘dotard’ (someone who is senile) turned out to be a very expensive photo op for both publicity seekers that made much noise but produced very little – at least so far.
Hannity asks, "Why are people willing to throw out due process, equal justice under the law and the presumption of innocence?"
Do you want to kick in to our ‘war chest’ so that we Happy Warriors can maximize the size of the footprint we leave on Leftism’s backside?
Immigrant employment fell by 246,000, down by 0.93%
Everything that the President is DOING belies their argument.
Troops getting ready to close off three NB vehicle lanes at the San Ysidro Port Entry and one at the Otay Mesa Port of Entry.
Was that monastery “isolated”?
Banning semi-automatic weapons doesn't stop crime either, as we've pointed out before, and the statistics are available for anyone to see that gun violence didn't go down one bit during the decade of the Clinton/Feinstein assault weapons ban.
The statement though is full of conspiracy theories and blames everyone else for Davis' behavior except him.
However, having the text in front of us made it easier to follow the recitation in other languages.
And these, remember, are men, often well on in years, whose only education and employment training has likely been academic degrees in philosophy and theology, and whose only professional contacts are ecclesiastical.
The US has deployed 5,200 troops to help border protection thwart what Donald Trump has described as an impending migrant “invasion.” Troops setting up barb wire under the Hidalgo Reynosa bridge #RGV -Miltares colocan cerca alámbrica en la frontera #Texas #Telemundo40 vid @AntonioNewsT40 pic.twitter.com/8cr3XfH2T6 — Iris Rodriguez (@IrisNews) November 2, 2018 For now, the active-duty servicemen have mainly been erecting barbed-wire fences along the border and building shelter accommodation for customs and border protection staff.
In addition to signing off on the public release of the 3-D printing tutorials, the State Department also agreed to pay nearly $40,000 of Mr. Wilson’s legal fees.
Indeed, the CHA issued only one public statement on the case and titled it the “House Theft Investigation” — wording that avoids cybersecurity words while political news coverage raged about other cybersecurity issues in the 2016 election.
Two overstayed lawful visits to the U.S.
They wanted to hurl the wild claims like a grenade at the last minute to blow up the process.
In a key sentence in my remarks, I said the word ‘would’ instead of “wouldn’t.” The sentence should have been: I don’t see any reason why I wouldn’t – or why it wouldn’t be Russia.
Hillary lied repeatedly when she first denied there were any classified e-mails on her system and then described some of the e-mails involved in the investigation as having been classified after the fact.
Where did those fifth columnists enter?
We label this "The New VDAWDI".
Sixthly, the man quoted in the news story who had complained about the armed fellow did so because he said he didn’t like the sight of the man carrying a firearm, as it made him “afraid.”
I have just received a document that was issued privately summarising the findings of a meeting of federated Discalced Carmelite nuns in Europe in 2009.
Obama has given a tremendous boost to these initiatives, as well as to Iran’s nuclear program, with his nuclear deal that has given the Iranians hundreds of billions of dollars and essentially a green light to manufacture nuclear weapons, in exchange for absolutely nothing.
Of the seven people given the drug so far, two have died.
To keep alive and strengthen the union of monasteries, implementing one of the aims of the Federation, a certain communication of goods is encouraged among the monasteries, coordinated by the Federal President.
The administration’s reluctance to condemn the Saudi government has fueled criticism from Democrats and Republicans in Congress, from diplomats and from even some corporations that long have profited from close relations with the Saudi royal family.
In a newly released FBI email, we learned that “foreign actors” gained at least some access to Hillary Clinton’s unsecure email system.
“That’s just one segment of what goes on in our world.
Depending on how you do the counting, there may even be a fifth and sixth accusation against Kavanaugh.
The spread of Ebola from a rural area to Mbandaka has raised alarm as Ebola can spread more quickly in urban centers.
In 1994, Farrakhan said: "Murder and lying comes easy for white people."
Cardinal Müller: Blessing homosexual couples would be an ‘atrocity’
Instead, President Trump’s POLICIES have actually made life more difficult for Putin at every turn.
Nor must we join the neo-Catholics in their mindless applause when one of these incompetents attempts to repoint a brick or two in the crumbling façade they have erected to obscure the Church of old.
What does NRC mean to you?
"I barely put a million bucks into this and I got you the Second Amendment forever," he told The Daily Wire in a phone interview.
“It was a breach.
It gets worse though.
However, as Michael Ahrens of GOP.com tweeted, Ellison knew what kind of man Farrakhan was then and what kind of man he still is today.
Clyburn told the Final Call, a Nation of Islam publication, that he was “not bothered in the least bit” by criticisms of his attendance at the event.
Those they pose a danger to, namely Saudi Arabia and Israel can both fend perfectly well for themselves and have demonstrated that ability to do it.
Instead, move to a location where the sounds are not present,” the release said.
The new sensational claim was immediately picked up by prominent reporters and major main stream outlets.
3D printers make the already extremely difficult job of controlling access to guns practically impossible.
They are donating the Google plane for the Africa trip”
Something unprecedented for such an important position!
Q. How serious is the issue of illegal immigration to India? How do we know the real count, as securing documents is quite easy in India? Don't you think it's important to detect the illegal ones?
“I consider it a truly grand thing,” Wilson says.
Pamela Geller also pointed out why Powell should not be the UN ambassador.
Possible solutions: The Federation Council, the Religious Assistant, together with a canon lawyer of the Dutch Conference of Religious, have worked hard on a completely new structure, in which in its first draft the autonomy of the Carmel has been constantly kept in mind.
Certainly this record of the European Carmelites’ meeting is jammed with hints that Cor orans was on the way.
The cut-off date for citizenship is December 31, 2014, which means the applicant should have intruded into India on or before this date.
Nd anyway, they almost never report the immigration dimension.
Altered Election Documents Tied To Florida Democrats Reviewed By Federal Prosecutors
“Let us be on our guard against thinking that it may sometimes be proper to soften the differences, to lessen the distance which separates us.
To go in, you had to submit your passport (no other type of document was accepted).
But nothing basic has been resolved.
The answer is, ultimately, demonic.
God bless you, Your Excellency, and Mary keep you.
I ask, are Christians to submit to those who have sanctioned the murder of the innocent in the womb (Exodus 20:13; Proverbs 6:17)?
8:7).” It is an act of love to hate sin and to call others to turn away from sin.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
“The confiscations only last a year, although they can be renewed.”
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
Whatever happened or did not happen, it's difficult to feel sorry for someone who comes forward at such a politically opportune moment.
Contradictory conceptions concerning the Sacraments, said the cardinal, lead into chaotic conditions.
Flynn made the NSC into a tool that matched Trump’s vision.
Articles 54-64 offer an interim measure in the case of “incapacity” that is really just more of the second thing.
Of course there are some who don’t fit this mould; there are a lot of second careers in the priesthood and plenty of people go into seminary after some years in the normal workforce and can go back to it at need.
“I support my President and if you don’t, let’s have a conversation about it instead of ripping my hat off.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
“No investigative journalism in my lifetime can equal the importance of what WikiLeaks has done in calling rapacious power to account.
How ironic it must have seemed to those who remembered this history that Ratzinger would himself be given the office he had “destroyed” and would gain the media-generated reputation as an “arch-conservative”.
That was a very important piece of information for people to know and understand.
https://t.co/mQH6eqrBNy pic.twitter.com/4IXGNAfSem — Danielle Radin (@danielleradin) November 13, 2018
Present problems: there are big differences between the various convents.
We have additional concertina wire that we can string with over 150 miles available,” the head of the Northern Command, Terrence O’Shaughnessy told reporters earlier this week, RT reports.
The virus is transmitted to people from wild animals and spreads in the human population through human-to-human transmission.
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
"This doesn’t put the rifle in everyone’s hand, but it does that in essence" he added.
So the evidence about this corruption was known to our government in 2009, 2010, and why is it that CFIUS either wasn’t told, or CFIUS people knowing about it —
Why did you, apparently deliberately, ensure that he was able to enter the Conclave to decide who your successor was going to be?
In fact, the Guardian obtained the embassy’s logs in May, and has never made any mention of either Manafort or “Russians” being identified in them.
“Doesn’t mean we’re going to do them.”
Of course, this could be affected by statistical noise—and it could be undone by e.g.
Kavanaugh may have made a pass at her as 17-year-old boys (and even some 17-year-old girls) are known to do.
Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back?
After the prayer was over, I had a minister come up to me and tell me that I could not be dropping the “J” (Jesus) word in the capital.
Or is it not so that it is both negligent and uncharitable for some bishops to refuse to inform their faithful that according to the Church's own infallible teaching, everlasting damnation is the price to be paid for this kind of inclusivity and toleration?
You are a hateful sad man, I pray to Allah you get the help you need and find happiness.”
For those who may not be paying attention, the plan to overthrow Iran has long been in the works.
After the great theophany on Sinai, Moses codified the death penalty as part of the old law of talion, which in strict justice required “life for life, eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot” (Deut.
First, the very people who have been loudest in attacking President Trump about his performance at the Helsinki summit are the people who failed to protect America from Russian meddling in 2016.
It used to be that this fact was dismissed as hysterical hyperbole.
When asked whether that would be important for voters to know that or not, Smith said, “That’s not for them to know.”
According to Kavanaugh, the Fourth Amendment allows for searches “without individualized suspicion” when the government demonstrates a “special need” that “outweighs the intrusion on individual liberty.”
Queenship of the Blessed Virgin Mary
I think the Guardian is an important paper with great journalists.
You can take your 'Church of Accompaniment" to prison with you.
That seemed to set the stage for Saudi officials to find a way to explain away the alleged shocking death.
This is virtually the same road map that the US has followed in Iraq, Libya, Syria, and so on.
Solemnly professed: 268
Following an interview with the FBI in 2012, he destroyed all evidence of the pictures, meaning the Naval Criminal Investigative Service could not confirm his claims that he did not share the photos with unauthorized people.
While Iran told the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency on Tuesday that it plans only to increase enrichment within limits set by 2015 deal, the announcement came with threats from a top Iranian official that the activities could be quickly expanded.
She is part of the swamp, part of the willfully ignorant McMaster crowd that clearly opposed Trump’s agenda.
They know it and it’s time we stopped imagining otherwise.
Wouldn’t it also be useful to have an electrician, a plumber, a carpenter, a cook, someone who knows how to fix a car or a tractor?
JUST WATCHED Bolton: US will impose all pre-deal Iran sanctions Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Bolton: US will impose all pre-deal Iran sanctions 03:05
Trump Pardons Hammonds!
The aliens have no emergency, there are no emergency procedures, and their original motions to reopen were denied for lack of legal basis in law or any changed conditions in the country they are being deported to that would avail them of another claim.
There are those who say, “It was their money.
John Paul II, stopping just short of declaring it wrong in principle, has declared that it should be imposed very seldom, if ever.
- [And just two days ago, Archbishop Salvatore Cordileone of San Francisco wrote a letter to his faithful which "speaks to Vigano's integrity and sincere love of the Church."]
Prosecutors Called in After FL Democrats Caught Altering Election Documents.
All for spreading unwelcome truth around.
Does this all sound a bit, well, schismatic?
Because I can't seem to think of a darn thing, apart from heretical homilies, sodomitical clergy and an increasingly lavender liturgy.
The immigrant employment index, set to 100.0 in January 2009, fell from 122.0 to 120.9.
The first order of business is to scuttle the upcoming October Synod on Young People, the Faith, and Vocational Discernment.
The only question is will the Senate confirm one who is really bad on the #4thAmendment, when so much is at stake in upcoming digital privacy battles.”
We can’t… We cannot… You alienate everybody.
Unfortunately other 'western' media are not much better.
H/T Gateway Pundit
The streets outside the embassy are virtually empty, whereas they should be full of people saying that we are with you.
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Remind me again: What exactly has Vatican II and the last fifty years of aggiornamento given us?
President Donald Trump tweeted late last week, “Mayor Gillum conceded on Election Day and now Broward County has put him ‘back in play.’ Bill Nelson conceded Election — now he’s back in play!?
To prove their or their ancestors’ presence before 1971, applicants in Assam had to produce any one of 14 possible documents:
Here, take a look!
The structure of the Federation that we have had till now is thus no longer possible.
Today I had the chance to see first-hand the #Ebola response in #DRC.
However, he failed to acknowledge receipt of my two letters, contrary to what he customarily did.
Conference of monasteries means a structure of communion among autonomous monasteries, belonging to diverse Institutes and present in the same region... in particular geographical or linguistic contexts.
Often, the American mainstream media becomes a de facto government employee, taking the claims of U.S. officials and reporting them as proven fact — and nothing exemplifies this penchant better than reporting on the Gulf of Tonkin incident — perhaps one of most flagrant lies ever dreamed up as a justification for war.
Two months ago, the Department of Justice quietly offered Wilson a settlement to end a lawsuit he and a group of co-plaintiffs have pursued since 2015 against the United States government.
But we have repeatedly heard from him that he was under no constraint, that he had resigned freely.
When asked for closing remarks, Patel responded: “I’m a generation older than all of you I know comedy,” and called the organizers incorrect in ending his set.
Basically Saris wants these illegals to never leave.
Frontpage is most confident that the suggested steps below will continue to be the overall focus of the new administration -- which, thankfully, is now taking many of the crucial and constructive steps vis-à-vis our enemy.
This is in West Virginia, not Baghdad.
The witch-hunt included voices who described themselves as on the left and as feminist.
Here’s the core of her story:
We are women who have known Brett Kavanaugh for more than 35 years and knew him while he attended high school between 1979 and 1983.
“We’ll highlight the differences in the way Hillary Clinton was prosecuted and how my client was prosecuted,” Daigle said.
We’ll all be waiting with bated breath.
One hundred thousand persons were killed in Fez on that occasion, and 120,000 in Marrakesh.
“My client, Patrick J. Smyth, is happy to cooperate fully with this FBI investigation,” said attorney Eric B. Bruce.
4 communities are in a care-home run by the Brothers of the Immaculate Conception.
Ford and Dianne Feinstein also keep demanding an FBI investigation, even though no federal crime is being alleged, and any investigation 36 years after the offense is impossible.
Oh my gosh, they did not want to know about it.” She pointed to the discrepancy between Democratic lack of interest in her case and the party’s outrage over allegations of sexual assault leveled last week against Mr. Kavanaugh.
Now then, one of these interventions became memorable: it was a radical criticism of the methods of the Holy Office.
* Yes, he will be confirmed.
- and that, since this matter had to do with a cardinal, and according to can.
“Our bipartisan network of mayors knows how to work together and compromise on policies that save lives.
Bush-Boehner Republicanism appears to be as dead today as was Harding-Coolidge Republicanism after 1933.
Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border?
It’s not coming back.
We’re dealing with probably between 1,200 and 1,400 calls and emails per month, and prior to that it was 600 to 700.”
Now, that would be something to really look into, but not with the corrupt DOJ and FBI we currently have.
There, armed occupiers — including Ammon Bundy, whose father Cliven Bundy participated in a similar 2014 standoff — faced off with federal agents for 41 days in dispute of the jail time, which they saw as punishment for the Hammond family’s refusal to sell the government its land.
“‘Or, Mike, take the firearms first, and then go to court,’ Trump responded.”
Heres’ what he had to say.
Since Y2K, hundreds of thousands in the Middle East have perished, the ancient Christian community has all but ceased to exist, and the refugees now number in the millions.
Freedomists in the 50 states had better keep a close eye on their State legislatures this year and next, because, thanks to Donald Trump, gun confiscation is going to be on the agenda in virtually every single State in the country.
The progressive party can dare the Republicans to ignore the endless specious demands, stop the show-trial, and proceed to a vote on Kavanaugh, because they know the Republicans, fearful of the “optics,” will cave.
Another said, ‘I’ve never cried after an election until last night.’ Same here.
“The results of this operation are a clear indication of ICE’s commitment regarding the role we play in keeping our communities safe by locating, arresting and ultimately removing at-large criminal aliens who pose a threat to public safety, and other immigration fugitives,” said Daniel Bible, field office director for ERO in San Antonio.
While questioning Kavanaugh, Graham lambasted the confirmation process the judge has been put through, calling it “the most unethical sham since I've been in politics.”
The CJC is a human rights and pro-national security group that is dedicated to protecting America and the West from Jihad -- and Muslim and non-Muslim people from Sharia oppression.
An aggravated element of a hate crime was added to Traore’s indictment following vocal protests by CRIF, which said that the omission of such charges may have part of a “cover up” by French authorities.
As the jihadis move against non-Muslim states without any letup, pause, period of coexistence, period of tolerance, reformation, or reconsideration, there never appears any force of Muslims to oppose them.
In an email chain released as part of the Department of State’s Tuesday document dump, Citrus County Supervisor of Elections Susan Gill last week told DOS officials that a voter who received one of the cure affidavits with the wrong date had also received a call from a number identified as the Tallahassee office of the Florida Democratic Party, an indication the party was reaching out about her vote by mail ballot.
It detailed how subversion should work.
-1.8% Employed 22,125 22,216 91 0.4% Employment/population % 62.1% 61.1% -1.0%pt.
And as I said, they buried it because they thought that Hillary Clinton was going to win.
On Thursday, following the hearings where Dr. Christine Ford provided testimony under oath without any evidence at all of a 36-year-old alleged sexual attack by Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh and his friend Mark Judge, Kavanaugh denied the allegations and blasted Senate Democrats for their involvement in ruining his good name.
She wasn't angry it was made public.
MAJOR NEW STUDY: Homeschooling Spikes Due to School Violence, Far-Left Bias
Is it simply that his conception of the Church, of the papacy, was never what Catholics believed about it?
Her achievements under Bush included cultural exchanges with Iran, as well as cash for the Palestinian Authority and for Lebanon after the Hezbollah war with Israel.
Kazi had lived in the Bay Area, including Sausalito, Ragan said, but his most recent place of residence was not known.
The CAA and NRC will also play into Bangladesh’s internal politics. The BNP, though the main opposition, is in a bad shape at the moment, with Begum Khaleda Zia in prison in connection with corruption cases and her son Tarique Rahman living in exile in London. The BNP had in the past dubbed Sheikh Hasina as an Indian stooge. Islamists and anti-Indian forces are lurking on the sidelines. The Jamaat-e-Islami and other militant Islamic groups will play the CAA and NRC cards against the ruling party. India has provided them with an excellent opportunity to work against the Awami League.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
The Times added:The Lubbock-based organization has been swamped with inquiries for months from parents seeking safer options for their kids in the aftermath of this year’s deadly school massacres, first in Parkland and then in Santa Fe, Texas.
Immigrant Population Hit Record 43.7 Million in 2016, By Steven A. Camarota and Karen Zeigler,October 16, 2017] So the 77,000 reduction in working-age immigrants from December 2016 to December 2017 is consistent with a gross inflow of about 500,000 new foreign-born workers (legal and illegal) over that period—the gross inflow more than offset by the gross reduction of 600,000 due to deaths, deportations, and immigrant emigrants.
But Congress has taken no action on its own.
Following a morally unacceptable event authorized by the academic authorities of Georgetown University, I brought it to the attention of its President, Dr. John DeGioia, sending him two subsequent letters.
All this and rampant homosexuality in the priesthood, too... along with a "trivialized liturgy" (according to Pope Benedict XVI) and widespread apostasy among the faithful?
First, the hubristic drive, despite the warnings of statesmen like George Kennan, to exploit our Cold War victory and pursue a policy of permanent containment of a Russia that had lost a third of its territory and half its people.
He is using my arguments I made to him yesterday to protect the teacher.
In the letter, the lawmakers “express profound alarm” at the decision to “intervene in an ongoing law enforcement investigation that may implicate the President himself or those around him.”
It has been noted by prison chaplains in our century that swift execution in most cases leads to admission of guilt and sincere repentance, whereas those who receive life sentences or suffer long delays are likely to maintain their innocence in hopes of a parole and eventually die in their sins.
Some people are sure it is there, though it isn’t.
But that’s collusion with silence.
According to the Middle East Media Research Institute (MEMRI), Khecharem also said: “After the laws of Allah were abandoned, and the heretic regimes were imposed on the Muslims, the most important thing to do is to restore the rule of the Muslims, through the Quran and the Sunna, in order to renew Islamic life and to deliver the Islamic message to the world.
Let us all renew faith in the Church our Mother: “I believe in one, holy, catholic and apostolic Church!”
This was done, over Ottaviani’s futile objections, and new documents were rapidly cobbled together by a coalition of German and French “progressives” who rejoiced that they had, in effect, seized control of the Council from that moment, before it had even started.
What is a nexus of terrorism?
Of course I also came to Rome from Washington.
That’s because the bacteria that causes plague is now so widespread in wildlife, that humans can’t do anything to get rid of it, said Dr. Allen Cheng, Professor of Infectious Diseases Epidemiology at Monash University in Melbourne.
Launch Our Own Counter-propaganda Campaign.
It is indeed shocking information but it informs people, and we have Chelsea Manning’s courage to thank for that.
There are too many contrary instances of popes the Holy Spirit obviously would not have picked!” Bergoglio is undeniably one of them.
Step back further and the picture is still bleaker.
Archbishop Viganò now provides his own decisive summary of the situation, based on firsthand experience with a now endemic homosexual corruption of the Church:
“There is exactly a zero percent chance that [Senate Majority Leader] Mitch McConnell and Chuck Grassley will allow this thing to get past the lame-duck” congressional session after Election Day, said the co-founder of SCOTUSblog who has appeared before the Supreme Court many times.
On the morning of Thursday, June 20, 2013, I went to the Domus Sanctae Marthae, to join my colleagues who were staying there.
A group of migrants is gathered on the Mexico side of the U.S/Mexico border fence in San Diego.
That did not hinder other outlets to add to its smear.
Based on the testimony of one unrelated person.
In a recent debate over the Helsinki Hulabaloo, Greenwald told the leftists at Democracy Now!
The plan, authored by the Security Studies Group, or SSG, a national security think-tank that has close ties to senior White House national security officials, including National Security Adviser John Bolton, seeks to reshape longstanding American foreign policy toward Iran by emphasizing an explicit policy of regime change, something the Obama administration opposed when popular protests gripped Iran in 2009.
A spokesman for Kiko declined to comment on this story.
No, keep the military out of it.
Or it could perhaps be described as a handle; a place where a person who wants to effect a particular outcome can grasp a piece of legislation to use it like an axe.
If Julian is allowed to be spirited away to some super-max hellhole, it will be a great atrocity.
The star pattern was named after the mythical princess Andromeda, the wife of the Greek hero Perseus.
I believe it is more likely than not that Roy Moore engaged in sexual misconduct with underage girls.
But when they opened the doors to the minivan they found five propane tanks, three plastic one-gallon gas cans, several lighters, three phones and a gym bag with personal items, Ragan said….
The only problem with this thesis?
We know that the Islamic State, al-Qaeda and other groups have called upon Muslims in the U.S. to try to kill military personnel and police, as well as civilians.
The constant hand-wringing, from the left-wing media, over President Trump’s loyalties and his connection with Russia is just silly.
As a result, the judge imposed significantly lesser sentences.
Many people did.
While this has not been defined, citizenship laws are in place. According to the Citizenship Act, 1955, amended in 1986, anyone born in India up to July 1, 1987 is an Indian citizen by birth. For those born on or after July 1, 1987, the law set out a fresh condition: one of the parents must be an Indian citizen. By a 2003 amendment, for any individual born on or after December 3, 2004 to be considered an Indian citizen, one parent must be an Indian citizen while the other must not be an illegal immigrant.
“Now about that time Herod the king stretched forth his hands to vex certain of the church.
Her disillusionment about his election was part of her reason for leaving the Air Force, her mother told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution in an interview last year.
Emails reviewed in the investigation show that OFAC officials worked to encourage banks to take part in the deal by proposing to bring in senior officials.
The Pontifical Commission for the Protection of Minors lapsed in December, when its members’ terms expired, prompting concerns that the advisory body could be disbanded.
As a result of the news, President Donald Trump has threatened to send the military to the border to block them.
The GOP report offers recommendations on how best to proceed with its relationship with Iran.
In no circumstance in the country does that happen."
And the Lord said, Because the cry of Sodom and Gomorrah is great, and because their sin is very grievous; I will go down now, and see whether they have done altogether according to the cry of it, which is come unto me; and if not, I will know.
Dear brothers and sisters in Christ of the Diocese of Madison,
McMaster went so far as to claim that devout jihadis were “irreligious.”
So what is new?
Saudi King Salman and his son, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, the country’s de facto ruler, have denied to both Trump and Pompeo any knowledge of the alleged murder or having ordered it.
“When the president issues such an order, it triggers a declassification review process that is conducted by various agencies within the intelligence community, in conjunction with the White House counsel, to seek to ensure the safety of America’s national security interests,” a Justice Department spokesman said in a statement.
Can it last?, The Economist, Magazine, November 14th 2017
And when Herod would have brought him forth, the same night Peter was sleeping between two soldiers, bound with two chains: and the keepers before the door kept the prison.
Trump criticized how the FBI handled the Russia probe, accusing it of misleading the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) court, and of spying on his campaign.
Jean Jack Muyembe, head of the national institute for biological research, said that at least ten more cases were also suspected in the northwestern town of Bikoro.
One of them just actually has the nerve to say it.
She may very well believe everything she’s saying, and that is one of the signs of lunacy, believing something that isn’t real.” And her lawyer is “even loonier.”
While Kenya, which does not border the country, has issued warnings over the possible spread of Ebola.
The right wing Ecuadorean government of President Moreno continues to churn out its production line of fake documents regarding Julian Assange, and channel them straight to MI6 mouthpiece Luke Harding of the Guardian.
Of the many allegations of ballot mishandling in Florida, this is the first that has been referred to the federal government.
“I have, on numerous occasions, noted our intelligence findings that Russians attempted to interfere in our elections.
“Rush Limbaugh to Republicans: ‘You can kiss the MIDTERMS goodbye if you don’t get highly qualified Kavanaugh approved.’”
Auburn, Alabama; 16 July 2018.
“You have no control over [Gilani], do you?
Whoever the JTA has on the "explain away Farrakhan's Dem fandom" beat is going to be busy again.
It goes without saying that this retraction and surrender by Facebook occurred only because of the wide publicity that Jamie's banning had received.
So much for “I am woman, hear me roar.”
Iran state TV news presenter: Listen to leader of Nation of Islam chanting "Death to America" Farrakhan [in Farsi]: "Death to…"
Florida gubernatorial candidate and George Soros-backed Andrew Gillum may have just been completely undercut by a member of his own staff.
Now, Julian Assange is a long way from taking his own life.
But now, the sonic attacks have progressed beyond Cuba.
While some don't believe that Trump's base is all that energized, it seems pretty energetic to me and attacks on conservatives on social media and in search engine results have only furthered their outrage at the establishment, both Democrat and Republican.
As a former trial lawyer, I can tell you that while neither notes nor memories are infallible, in a contest between contemporaneous notes and later verbal testimony about those notes, the content of the written notes usually prevails.
I’m the victim, here, not you.
“The probability the current Iranian theocracy will stop its nuclear program willingly or even under significant pressure is low,” the plan states.
While the current Iranian regime is certainly no bastion of freedom, the idea that US intervention or a violent revolution would be beneficial for the people of Iran is outright insane.
Iran does not threaten the United States.
(See original The World Over program segment on this issue that begins at 47 seconds into the video below)
Benedict reacted, despite Sodano’s strenuous defense, and Maciel was found guilty and irrevocably condemned.
Where did it originate from?
It should probably be noted that up to the time he left over a “difference of opinion” with the group’s leadership, Cardinal Kevin Farrell as also deeply involved in the Legionaries of Christ.
In fact, there are already signs of him doing that in this report.
Those, however, who maintain its continued use often see it more as a tool for revenge.
It is intervention in another country’s affairs.
A Palestinian state would be a new base for renewed jihad attacks against Israel.
The idea that Manafort or “Russians” could have wandered into the embassy to meet Assange even once without their trail, entry and meeting being intimately scrutinised and recorded is simply preposterous.
A House official close to the probe said the employee was Abid, who was not on Becerra or the Caucus’s payroll.
54 Years Ago Today: Government & Media Created & Spread ‘Fake News’ to Start Vietnam War
Uranium, why was that decision made?
Archbishop Jeanbart was not the first to say this.
There is a kind of coverup at work here in which important Republicans do not want to bolster Trump by adding substance to Spygate, and they do not want to clean up the FBI by aggressively investigating Spygate further.
Schaaf said she issued the alert after receiving confidential tips from “credible sources,” and conferring with attorneys to make sure she wasn’t opening herself up to federal prosecution.
Federations will now have extremely broad powers both over money and property and, crucially, over formation of nuns.
Raise teachers’ pay to $50,000; that will never happen.
All of which seems to be a planned event.
SOLOMON: yes listen, I think even Sessions and Rosenstein have questions to answer.
Webb’s “Dark Alliance” series contained evidence that cocaine trafficking was going on with the connivance of the CIA.
Its job is to shore up a consensus on the left for attacks on leading threats to the existing, neoliberal order: whether they are a platform like Wikileaks promoting whistle-blowing against a corrupt western elite; or a politician like Jeremy Corbyn seeking to break apart the status quo on the rapacious financial industries or Israel-Palestine; or a radical leader like Hugo Chavez who threatened to overturn a damaging and exploitative US dominance of “America’s backyard”; or social media dissidents who have started to chip away at the elite-friendly narratives of corporate media, including the Guardian.
Murillo wrote at the outset of the lengthy message:
If you are to believe the official story, one of America’s deadliest wars in history, Vietnam, was started after the United States had been attacked in the Gulf of Tonkin in the South China Sea.
Seemingly heedless of these hard facts, President Trump – who himself avoided national military service in the 1960’s – keeps beating the war drums over North Korea and needling its thin-skinned regime with naval exercises, over-flights, and intensifying bombast.
I will report on this, and on wage growth data, in the next couple weeks..
The Democrat leadership collusion with Muslim spies is the biggest story of treason and espionage in the recent memory, and yet for month after month the media has refused to cover it.
He’ll be eating cat food forever.”
Yet, fame is and predation is unrelenting, even for Popes.
The McCarrick scandal created an earthquake in the Catholic Church with aftershocks that will last for years.
Never has there been a collusion like the one between the U.S. and Israel.
Yore called the child sex abuse case involving infamous Chilean priest abuser Father Fernando Karadima and Bishop Juan Barros “a scandal of epic proportions.”
“They know this is one of the great scandals in the history of our country because basically what they did is, they used [former Trump campaign aide] Carter Page, who nobody even knew, who I feel very badly for, I think he’s been treated very badly.
Wuerl, says Faggioli, “faces a complex situation: on the one hand Wuerl was not afraid of clashing with the tribunal over the Apostolic Signatura in the Vatican which wanted to readmit a priest from the Pittsburgh diocese to ministry… while in other cases he seems to have collaborated in covering up some cases… It is a very difficult position also because Wuerl became a symbol… beyond the specific accusations against him, from which he could not publicly defend himself.”
No evidence of fraud in #FloridaElection?
No, you can't act like a child and keep your pass.
For a quick run down of the political hit on Kavanaugh, take a look at this short synopsis by Paul Joseph Watson.
The US reduced its workforce in Havana, Cuba, in 2017 after its personnel and their families reported experiencing a range of health issues.
U.S. politics have indeed been coarsened, with Trump playing a lead role.
Brett Kavanaugh’s confirmation hearings for the Supreme Court illustrate that this false assumption leads only to more demands, and ultimately to defeat.
Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.?
They wanted to hold off as long as possible on identifying this terrorist as another Muslim, and this as another jihad terror attack.
With Trump’s capture of the party they were repudiated.
Whether Francis knows it or not, this is how he sounds.
The vaccine requires storage at a temperature between -60 and -80 degrees C, tricky in a country with unreliable electricity.
The Guardian also has an especial soft spot for blogger Elliot Higgins, who, aided by the Guardian, has shot to unlikely prominence as a self-styled “weapons expert”.
Well, Trump’s statements are now the rallying cry for gun grabbers all over America to enact gun confiscation laws.
3. Citizenship by Registration
Looks like they’re already starting to deploy troops at the border.
“‘There’s certainly a big concern of the connection between mental health and people exhibiting violent behavior and whether or not they should have access to firearms.
I think we made the mistake of believing the press.
Common sense does come into play here.
take our poll - story continues below
Turkish crime scene investigators and forensic specialists were allowed to search for evidence in the Saudi consulate and a nearby residence on Tuesday.
pic.twitter.com/7ZVloq2cXL — MEMRI (@MEMRIReports) November 5, 2018
Pope Francis has repeatedly asked for total transparency in the Church and for bishops and faithful to act with parrhesia.
“I will add: the FBI already performed and has reported on a background investigation on the nominee and thhttp://ericposner.com/is-brett-kavanaugh-an-originalist/is has been made available to all Senators on the Judiciary Committee,” Cornyn wrote.
Kept on going.” Travis Air Force Base officials are investigating a security incident that occurred at the main gate on Wednesday….
As I wrote in my first analysis piece, the document itself – that we must remember is a piece of legislation, a legal document laying out what all monasteries of contemplative nuns must now do – starts by laying out its working premise:
And if the episcopal retort is going to be that this acceptance refers only to chaste homosexuals, then we call FOUL even louder since this crosses the line into willful deception.
This man is a domestic terrorist and he assimilates with avowed enemies of the US, many of them US Democrats.
We're all sinners, of course--- and the Church already accepts repentant homosexuals as they are, just as she accepts repentant practitioners of ANY sins of the flesh.
Qur’an 9:29); in justifying the execution of accused spies; and in its various videos.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said President Trump had ordered the documents released by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI) and the Justice Department “[a]t the request of a number of committees of Congress, and for reasons of transparency.”
I ask all the faithful of the diocese to assist in keeping us accountable to civil authorities, the faithful in the pews, and to God Almighty, not only to protect children and the youth from sexual predators in the Church, but our seminarians, university students, and all the faithful as well.
It's incredible the amount of hypocrisy Senator Dianne Feinstein puts on display for the American people to see, and yet, the people in her state continue to put her in office.
What would St. John the Baptist have said if Herod, taking for himself his brother's wife, would have excusingly called himself an “individual case”!
Katrin Axelsson and Lisa Longstaff of Women Against Rape summed it up when they wrote, “The allegations against [Assange] are a smokescreen behind which a number of governments are trying to clamp down on WikiLeaks for having audaciously revealed to the public their secret planning of wars and occupations with their attendant rape, murder and destruction… The authorities care so little about violence against women that they manipulate rape allegations at will.”
“Whip up” the poor into a “frenzy in order for them to vote.”
The Guardian piece came at a critical moment.
There are many other examples of Vichy journalism.
The Indian culture has always contributed significantly towards social, economic and spiritual development of human civilisation since time immemorial. It is the soul of this country. This culture is like an incessant flow, inspiring the world after evolving into a banyan tree, nurtured through meditation and philosophy of ancient sages and Sufi saints. Equality of religions, compassion, love, tolerance, harmony, dedication, sacrifice and benevolence are the key elements of this culture. The Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) 2019 has been introduced with an objective of putting an end to the long-standing atrocities of the minority refugees. Prime Minister Narendra Modi has articulated the basic tenets of this Act in a beautiful manner. He said: “CAA is not a favour. It will protect the interests of people reposing faith in Bharat Mata.”
"There's over 800 significant public safety threat criminals ... that we are unable to locate because of that warning, so that community's a lot less safe than it would've been."
The ATFP was originally Rashid Khalidi’s American Committee on Jerusalem.
Pompeo later told reporters that he had urged the president to give the Saudi government “a few more days” to explain what happened to Jamal Khashoggi, who vanished after he entered the Saudi Consulate in Istanbul, Turkey, on Oct. 2.
The inspector general derided the bureau’s reasons for not moving more quickly — that agents were waiting for additional information from New York, that they couldn’t move without a warrant and that investigators were more focused on the Russia case — as “unpersuasive,” “illogical,” and inconsistent with their assertion that they would leave no stone unturned on Clinton.
“I must, in the strongest of terms, ask Mexico to stop this onslaught – and if unable to do so I will call up the U.S. Military and CLOSE OUR SOUTHERN BORDER!” Trump wrote of the caravan in a series of tweets on Twitter.
Marie Collins, then a member of the pope's sex abuse commission, in 2015 hands a letter to Cardinal Sean O'Malley detailing the abuse suffered by Juan Carlos Cruz of Chile.
He even removed the Nuncio in Mexico City, Justo Mullor, who refused to be an accomplice in his scheme to cover Maciel, and in his place appointed Sandri, then-Nuncio to Venezuela, who was willing to collaborate in the cover-up.
Wasserman Schultz cornered House Chief Administrative Officer Phil Kiko and called him a “fucking Islamophobe,” saying “you will not so much as take away their parking spots,” the two House employees said Kiko told them.
“I don’t regard Louis Farrakhan as an aberration or anything, I regard him as an outstanding human being who commands a following of individuals who are learned and articulate and he plays a big role in the lives of thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of people,” he emphasized later.
Why should we be fighting a battle or encouraging, funding, and I'm quite sure arming, a rebellion?
“Man whose vehicle exploded at Travis AFB identified,” KGO, March 23, 2018:
The Fifth Commandment later delivered to Moses, “Thou shalt not kill,” therefore dates from adamic times, when it operated as God’s exclusive prerogative, allowing no exceptions.
The Jews in all [Maghreb] localities [conquered]…groaned under the heavy yoke of the Almohads; many had been killed, many others converted; none were able to appear in public as Jews.
Not the charism of the order, nor the rule, nor the Patristic tradition, nor the Doctors, nor the mystics, nor any of the 2000-year-old tradition of religious life, from the Desert Fathers to the giants of the Tridentine period; just Vatican II.
Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban who has been at the forefront in Europe in standing against illegal immigration and the invasion of Muslims into his country has called for a global alliance to stand against the migrant invasion.
Submit to what God condemns?
He went to the White House Press Roast and, after having a nice discussion with Congressman Schiff, he yelled out “What about Julian Assange?” The room was packed full of reporters but Randy was attacked and dragged out.
If you know what’s good for you, keep your mouth shut.” This is how abusers talk.
The vaccine will be reserved for people suspected of coming into contact with the disease, as well as health workers.
- Cardinal Raymond Burke’s statement declares: “The declarations made by a prelate of the authority of Archbishop Carlo Maria Viganò must be totally taken to heart by those responsible in the Church.”
The family of the first victim of the 2014 outbreak, a two-year-old child, hunted bats and it is believed bushmeat was the origin of the outbreak.
Pompeo reminded his hosts that despite the numerous bilateral issues the two governments share, determining Khashoggi’s fate was the urgent purpose of this trip, she said.
This is a favorable time for the Church to confess her sins, to convert, and to do penance.
Other Presidents have been incompetent, corrupt, dishonest, but which has committed treason on a scale to rival the treason of Barack Obama?
This man whom we had believed a “champion of orthodoxy,” whom we thought we knew.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
cultureSHOCK, an event hosted by the Asian American Alliance, is a charity performance showcase that aims to provide a space to celebrate Asian American expression.
Until one realizes that, in his discussion of apostasy in the Qur’an, Wills has omitted all mention of the primary Qur’anic passage on this topic:
Can you drive a tractor?” This nice kid, who certainly does have a vocation, could read books and look things up on the internet and write a pretty mean paper on Thomas Aquinas, but not a lot else.
The U.S. and Turkey, allies for six decades, with the largest armies in NATO, may soon be staring down each other's gun barrels.
To deal with the perceived threat the US has deployed 5,200 troops to help more than 2,000 National Guardsmen thwart what President Trump describes as an impending migrant“invasion.”
We receive our rights from God, and in turn, delegate power to those who serve “We the People.”
Nah, I don’t have no problems with Farrakhan, I don’t spend a whole lot of my time dealing with those kind of things,” Davis said.
The irony is that today’s feminists have been willing to sacrifice the earlier narrative of female power and agency that had been stifled by traditional views of the sexes and their capabilities.
Over a 12-month period an average of perhaps 300,000 immigrants die and an equal number leave the U.S. voluntarily.
Sadly, the United States has a tendency to repeat the same mistakes over and over again.
None have fully climbed over, just sitting on the fence.
And he added that he knew a certain number of seminarians, some of whom were later ordained priests for the Archdiocese of Newark, who had been invited to this beach house and had shared a bed with the Archbishop.
He needs your support and your voice.
take our poll - story continues below
And Powell is one of the worst swamp creatures in D.C.
You will be affiliated; resistance is futile…
America must never accept it.”
As every false accusation has fallen away, every bogus smear shown to be the work of political enemies, Julian stands vindicated as one who has exposed a system that threatens humanity.
The 28-year-old Muslim man confessed to the killing and was heard shouting “Allahu Akbar” and calling Halimi “Satan” shortly before throwing her out the window of her three-story apartment.
As The American Mirror’s Kyle Olsen concludes so eloquently, Hillary Clinton appears to benefit from her progressive privilege – it is the only thing that protects her from getting the ‘Roseanne treatment’, and not being dismissed in disgrace.
“This is a memo that describes how we’re going to take out seven countries in five years,” Clark said.
She acknowledges that cloistered orders of nuns have for some time been gathered into federations.
There is no end of horrific examples of what passes for journalism, in contrast to the amazing contribution that Julian Assange has made.
Also on communion between the communities.
You believe any woman who goes against a Republican and you don't believe any woman who goes against a Democrat."
4. The Citizenship Amendment Act, 2016 provided that these illegal migrants of (Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis and Christians communities of Afghanistan, Bangladesh, and Pakistan must stay at least 6 years in India before applying for Indian citizenship through naturalisation.
The study reported that gun owners are more likely to show up to vote than those who support gun control.
The silence of the pastors who could have provided a remedy and prevented new victims became increasingly indefensible, a devastating crime for the Church.
Bergoglio himself, however, has already precluded any attempt to impeach Viganò’s testimony.
I hope you learned that lesson,” he said.
But the purpose of any secret, including the pontifical secret, is to protect the Church from her enemies, not to cover up and become complicit in crimes committed by some of her members.
“So what if this code is a gun?”
The Cardinal told me that he knew nothing about it.
Cardinal Müller, former Prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, spoke at a conference on John Paul II's encyclical Veritatis Splendor at the Comenius University in Bratislava, organized by the Slovakian Bishops' Conference.
Path taken: they have worked on communion and systematic formation of the communities.
“It’s time for our leaders in Washington to follow the lead of America’s mayors and put public safety over NRA priorities.”
The charge that the CAA is a prelude to the NRC that will be used to disenfranchise Muslims is a myth of unmitigated proportions. No anti-CAA opponent has been able to explain how. The contention that only a poor illiterate Muslim because of his/her inability to obtain required documentation will be affected is not based on evidence; it is a provocative, incendiary political ploy. According to the 2011 Census, illiteracy rates among Hindus and Muslims were 36% and 42% respectively. When translated into actual numbers these figures amount to 30 crore Hindus and 7 crore Muslims. So, if illiteracy is the glitch more Hindus will be affected than Muslims.The NRC may not be foolproof and warrants further refinement to be more effective, but one thing it is not: an instrument that can be manipulated to discriminate against Muslims. By deliberate misinformation, an ideologically entrenched liberal lobby has wilfully fed into minority paranoia to stoke unwarranted concerns fuelling extremist elements. Liberals do not do the Muslims any good; they are creating an insecure, volatile and dangerous polity in the country.
Simply put, the 21st century has not been good for non-Hispanic job seekers.
Several thousand people are now part of the caravan, according to a Reuters witness traveling with the group in Guatemala, where men women and children on foot and riding in trucks filled a road on their long journey to Mexico.
What is happening in the Brett Kavanaugh nomination process should concern every American.
American Raj: Liberati... Eric Margolis Best Price: $5.99 Buy New $45.86 (as of 09:30 EDT - Details) And this right after Trump and his neocon minions reneged on the sensible nuclear treaty with Iran.
Mohammad-Javad Larijani, an international affairs assistant in the Iran’s judiciary, disclosed in Farsi-language remarks broadcast on Iran’s state-controlled television that Iranian intelligence officials secretly helped provide the al Qaeda attackers with passage and gave them refuge in the Islamic Republic, according to an English translation published by Al Arabiya.
The government and history sections of the curriculum emphasize Austrian economics, libertarian political theory, and the history of liberty.
When the new Bishop Mark Seitz took possession of the Diocese of El Paso on July 9, 2013, I sent the first Counsellor, Monsignor Jean-François Lantheaume, while I went to Dallas that same day for an international meeting on Bioethics.
It is truly homophobic for any bishop to lie to the gay community about this, and to risk the immortal souls of the sheep merely so that the shepherd might pride himself on occupying the politically correct high ground.
We are talking about control, like this document says, they are trying to gain control of our markets.
Last week the North Korea test fired a new, longer-ranged strategic missile, Hwasong-14, that US experts claimed was capable of hitting Alaska and perhaps even San Francisco.
This is clearly a set-up (Christine Ford is also a far-left Democrat operative) designed to derail the nomination of a good man.
Does His Excellency believe that if some homosexual Catholics feel they need not bother following the rules they should be warmly welcomed into our "Catholic Christian" community anyway, even if they are in same-sex unions?
They had meetings with Fr.
— Tracy Wilkinson
Jimenez also threw a soda in Richard’s face.
Horowitz said the president had been one of 13 who had done so.
“Absent a change in government within Iran, America will face a choice between accepting a nuclear-armed Iran or acting to destroy as much of this capability as possible.”
21:9), but usually the sentence was carried out by stoning, in which the whole community took part as evidence that no private parties were authorized to execute a criminal, but only society as a whole, after due judgment.
Ex-Sailor Pardoned By Trump Says He’s SUING Obama And Comey
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
For many priests, one might say all good priests, this is not a sustainable situation, to say the least.
We provided legal aid to Ukraine and Georgia.
It’s not enough to simply demand that a priest continue in his ministry no matter what.
And by extension, live a chaste and celibate life so that you can completely give your life to Christ, the Church, and the people whom he has called you to serve.
Why would President Trump go back to there?
The first group of the migrant caravan arrived at the Tijuana border yesterday afternoon.
After the Red Army went home, "America First" had a new appeal!
Italian Vaticanist Marco Tosatti commented dryly, “Rejoice and be glad… but not if you’re a cloistered contemplative.”
These particles are now making their way towards Earth.
The committee can't do an investigation if attorneys are stonewalling.”
From January to March of this year, our trade deficit with China was running at close to the same astronomical rate.
Some people point to Brenda Snipes, Broward’s Elections chief, for her troubling history of election transgressions.
Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rosselló estimated in November that it will take $31 billion to rebuild housing in the territory.
There is no longer any line that it does not dare to cross.
Even Senators Jeff Flake, Bob Corker and Lindsey Graham, who have all said Ford needs to be heard, have indicated that if she does not show up for Monday's hearing, they will schedule a vote on Kavanaugh's confirmation.
Putting aside freedom of speech, the persecution of this man has been something that should horrify all free-thinking people.
It was McCarrick, noted Marco Tosatti, who was behind the elevation of Blase Cupich to the key position of Archbishop of Chicago, where Cupich has since promoted the homosexual subversion of Father James Martin.
“[They] are devoted family men, respected contributors to their local community, and have widespread support from their neighbors, local law enforcement, and farmers and ranchers across the West.
Did Daniel violate God's principles of submission when he disobeyed the king's order to stop praying to any god but himself?
For 36 hours, there was silence from the Ford camp.
Of course, but like most of these kinds of violations, the only thing that might actually occur here is censure, and that is highly unlikely in the current climate.
But they will.
And Satan is going down.
Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer
“I think that’s — I think that’s — I think that’s a reasonable thing to do, to give them that opportunity,” Pompeo said, “(and then) we’ll all get to evaluate the work that they do.”
It is ‘hateful conduct,’ apparently, to reference what Islamic texts themselves say.
We hope to have a chance to honor them in person in the future.
In the meantime, Kobili Traore put on new clothes and climbed out of the window to reach Sarah Halimi’s apartment, which was at the same level as Diara Traore’s.
They practiced sauvage intercommunion.
Instead, Sr. Enrica, after this bizarre and cryptic comment, spoke of the “problems and difficulties that we can encounter” in discernment of mostly non-existent vocations, including “consumerism, modern means of communication, difficulties in creating a stable personality, autonomy of the young, the need to be always supported, the ideology of subjectivism.”
The Catholic Church is already reeling over the revelations that former Washington Archbishop Theodore McCormick, who resigned as a cardinal over the weekend after being sanctioned by Pope Francis, has been credibly accused of sexually abusing at least two boys decades ago.
* Yes, he will be confirmed.
The article highlights the New Ways excitement over the shift in the Vatican approach to the LGBT issues at the Synod:
The History of Jihad shows from the accounts of eyewitnesses and contemporary chroniclers through the ages that in every age and in every place where there were Muslims, some of them believed that they had a responsibility given to them by Allah to wage war against and subjugate unbelievers under the rule of Islamic law.
No, you can't act like a child and keep your pass.
The share of immigrants holding jobs fell by 1.6%; the share of natives holding jobs fell by 0.2%.
“The problem is not the Iran nuclear deal it’s the Iranian regime,” the source told the Beacon.
The report said it appears “that daring to give suggestions on how our civilization can stop jihadist attacks and another 9/11 is against Facebook’s ‘community standards.
Just ask the abused children of Oakland.
Trump also ordered the “the Department of Justice (including the FBI) to publicly release all text messages relating to the Russia investigation, without redaction, of James Comey, Andrew McCabe, Peter Strzok, Lisa Page, and Bruce Ohr.”
When that blackmailing culture becomes ascendant, it will always reject the morally upright as too dangerous, too difficult to control.
Asked if he believed the Saudi rulers’ repeated denial of complicity, Pompeo said he was reserving judgment.
"Soros has antagonised not only us but also England, President Trump and Israel too," he said.
All of the targets in this operation were amenable to arrest and removal under the U.S. Immigration and Nationality Act.
He wound up back in prison for eight more years, including long periods of solitary confinement and endured other forms of torture.
Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Our bishops must make it absolutely clear that the Church's moral theology on homosexuality will not and can not be trumped by the dictates of political correctness.
She is a Muslim and a leftist, so she can further their identity politics.
It claims that Trump’s declassification request constitutes improper intervention “in an ongoing law enforcement investigation that may implicate the President himself or those around him.”
WikiLeaks has revealed what journalists should have revealed a long time ago.
“Upon receipt of the information on the night of September 12, we included it as part of Judge Kavanaugh’s background file, as per the standard process,” the FBI said in a statement.
Because the bishops are like you, raised in political correctness.
The Pentagon takes a dim view of the proposed Korean nuclear accords.
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
Time for the laity to demand a new Shepherd.” Even Michael Voris, in a highly amusing example of leading from behind, has finally abandoned his absurd refusal to criticize this pontificate and now declares with a screaming headline: “Pope Francis Must Resign.”
It’s easy to dismiss the bombastic Giuliani as he speaks to his financial benefactors in the MeK.
What did the democracy crusades "to end tyranny in our world" accomplish?
Dwight Hammond, 76, and Steven Hammond, 49, were originally convicted in 2012 after an Oregon jury found they had committed arson on federal lands a decade earlier.
There are going to be nuns and monks without homes, as in the England of Henry VIII.
Federation: Germany number of convents: 14 number of nuns: 178
“Oh, it makes me go back to 1999, when Dianne Feinstein, along with every other Democrat, refused to read my deposition to the independent counsel,” said Ms. Broaddrick told Fox’s Laura Ingraham on Monday.
Everyone knows he’s a heretic because we have heard him trumpeting in his blatant heresies from every rooftop he could find for decades.
Currently, several thousand predominantly male Central American migrants heading for the US are in the western Mexico city of Guadalajara.
Kavanaugh even responded by pointing out that even her friends said they don't recall such an incident and had literally hundreds of people commend his character as the direct opposite of what Ford claims.
The assistance Google provided to the Clinton campaign likely violated election laws and served as an unreported in-kind contribution.
You may opt out at anytime.
Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
OK, we know that, but if that is true, what sort of useful idiot is Smith?
Members from one of the migrant caravans finally reached the US border on Tuesday.
And instead of protesting the murder of 58 million innocent babies (Proverbs 6:17), they merely pass it off as a "choice," that being the lessons that they learned from the media that they say that they do not believe (Romans 1:18).
With all that is happening today, it is CRUCIAL that people (especially Christians) become familiar with the truths contained in this book.
Although, according to Guiliani, Mueller suggested that the Russia obstruction probe would be wrapping up by September 1.
“I understand how the enemies have plotted against the Iranian people and I would like to stay alongside you to stop their plots,” he said.
Not in conflict with the world, but inserted in continuity,” he said.
The large galaxy is stunning in size and has around three times as many stars as the Milky Way does.
But displacement and immigrant workforce growth are still high in absolute terms and could resume anytime.
The criminal attacker, one Kino Jimenez, took the boy’s hat, yelled at him, and then threw a drink in the boy’s face before walking off (and stealing
Los Angeles Times
I think I’m currently the only Latinx in my office.
Former Attorney General Loretta Lynch was also criticized for exercising bad judgment in connection with her infamous tarmac meeting with Bill Clinton.
If they refuse we can suggest (Secretary of State John) Kerry will call, which will drive them nuts," an email from a US government official said.
New Strzok-Page texts reveal “Media Leak Strategy.” @FoxNews So terrible, and NOTHING is being done at DOJ or FBI – but the world is watching, and they get it completely.
But their coverage of Snowden left him in Hong Kong.
Even before that testimony, however, the fall of McCarrick and the Pennsylvania grand jury report had already presented a Sisyphean task to neo-Catholic apologists for the decrepit Novus Ordo status quo and the ill-starred Council that launched its installation.
Her achievements under Bush included cultural exchanges with Iran, as well as cash for the Palestinian Authority and for Lebanon after the Hezbollah war with Israel.
Fortunately, elections have consequences, and the Obama Regime Administrative Amnesty, or parts of it, came to an inglorious end.
While I applaud Bolton for his willingness to call Islamic jihadis just that, I am not so naive as to consider that his membership in the Council on Foreign Relations has no effect in this decision.
Can such a diplomatic solution be found to free Assange?
It’s not known yet whether the injured government worker in China was targeted with any such device, despite reporting similar symptoms as the diplomats in Cuba.
And it starts to suggest an answer, or at least a line of inquiry, about why so little was actually accomplished in his long tenure.
So much time and money wasted, so many lives ruined … and Sessions knew better than most that there was No Collusion’ with the Kremlin,’ he added.
Cody finally won against the federal beast after intimidation tactics were performed against him by the Obama Justice Department.
Providing local governments and law enforcement officials access to ATF gun trace data;
It’s as if the U.S. Army stopped to interrogate every German soldier who crashed through the Ardennes Forest at the beginning of the Battle of the Bulge in 1944, to see if each one’s actions had anything to do with the German Army and Adolf Hitler’s war aims.
“This shared employee continued.” It’s unclear why that request was not granted or why it was a request rather than an order.
If only our partners in Congress did the same.” Gun control groups, including Everytown for Gun Safety and Mayors Against Illegal Guns, praised the conference for reaffirming its support for stricter regulations.
Google, once again, has been implicated in a story about how social media executives and employees are using their platforms to control and shutter conservative ideas.
Ilhan Omar has accused Israel of “evil doings” in Gaza and called Israel an “apartheid state.” It isn’t surprising that Ilhan Omar would think this way.
Keep up with this story and more by subscribing now
Leading brave conservative figures such as Michelle Malkin and Laura Loomer also stood up for Jamie, tweeting about his ban -- and to them we send our heartfelt appreciation.
Surely the Church cannot be without any remedy for a Pope who relentlessly attacks her very foundations!
WikiLeaks has in fact shamed journalists, which might help to explain the deeply personal abuse he has suffered.
Now it’s clear why.
This is the world, the language, of Bioethics, applied utilitarianism, also called “Principlism” after its three bioethical criteria of “justice, beneficence[6] and autonomy” – it is a patient’s ability to demonstrate his “autonomy” or “quality of life,[7]” either currently or potentially, that decides his fate.
This can include a laser, microwaves, or particle beams.
If putting the cart of exoneration before the horse of investigation were not enough, Comey’s draft statement underwent various language changes over the course of the next two months, including, most importantly, changing the description of Clinton’s handling of classified information from “grossly negligent” to “extremely careless.” This change was critical because “gross negligence” is specifically the legal term used in stating the statutory requirement in 18 U.S. Code § 793(f) for a finding of criminal conduct.
Election Day is November 6.
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
“They gave me their word.”
He is currently in ICE custody pending removal.
As Dreher reported,
This Guardian Fake News Story Proves That The Media Can't Be Trusted
As Joe Wolverton of The New American writes:
But it wasn’t just Page and Strzok, there were FIVE other investigators on the Clinton case who expressed overtly political views in support of Clinton and/or against Trump… DURING the investigation.
O you who believe!
Just as it failed to provide any meaningful information about the background of the case.
The source of this kind of materialistic thinking in the Church is not hard to trace.
Francis encountered protests in Chile over his defense of Barros during his visit there last month, calling the accusations against the priest “calumny.”
But legal experts say anyone in Trump’s orbit would be charged with conspiracy, making false statements to federal investigators or obstructing justice.
However, what Comey really did was to give Hillary Clinton a Get Out of Jail Free card.
Somewhere in the “community standards” that Facebook demands everyone follow is a real doozy.
Ford claims to be a victim of attempted rape; Hill claims to have been a victim of sexual harassment in the workplace.
Now it’s Trump’s turn.
Order violated by a culpable act demands the reintegration and re-establishment of the disturbed equilibrium .
The packet, edited from the full version of a world religions workbook, instructed students to practice writing the Shahada, or Islamic profession of faith, in Arabic calligraphy — an assignment that, if left undone, would result in detention, according to Penkoski’s daughter.
Everywhere he wants to get migration accepted.
I hope you never get it.”
But this is the milieu of machination around someone who has the right of natural justice concerning his freedom.
See Peter Brimelow’s review: “Wheel And Fight”—Pat Buchanan’s Nixon Book Provides Road Map For Trump.
In this extremely dramatic moment for the universal Church, he must acknowledge his mistakes and, in keeping with the proclaimed principle of zero tolerance, Pope Francis must be the first to set a good example for cardinals and bishops who covered up McCarrick’s abuses and resign along with all of them.
* Yes, military force should be used.
Why she wasn't fired a long time ago is beyond anyone's ability to answer, but Broward County election supervisor Brenda Snipes has resigned amid what is clearly voter fraud that she oversaw.
The virus is spread through direct contact with the blood or secretions of an infected person.
The discernment on the foundation of a new monastery by the Federation is made within the framework of the Federal Assembly.
“While what some of the things that he said might have been a bit provoking to some of the audience, as someone who watches comedy a lot, none of them were jokes that I hadn’t heard before and none of them were jokes that elicited such a response in my experience,” Ferguson said.
In the first place, we must continue to build upon the good work which we have accomplished in protecting the youth and vulnerable of our diocese.
Ungrateful reprobates, pretenders, counterfeits and hypocrites are what they are (Matthew 23:3).
Then, only at an 11th hour, on the eve of Judge Kavanaugh's confirmation vote, did the ranking member refer the allegations to the FBI.
Less than a week later, Wilson received a letter from the US State Department demanding that he take down his printable-gun blueprints or face prosecution for violating federal export controls.
December marked the fifth month in a row in which the immigrant working-age population ( legal and illegal declined from the same month of the prior year.
President Trump really did mess up with that press conference but I don’t quite know what people want.
The same FBI that gave Hillary Clinton a pass for operating an illegal email server, which we have evidence for the fact that she sent and received classified documents through resulting in a national security breach and at least one death, but would not give the same leniency to Saucier who simply took some pictures of his submarine.
3 black men (one with an Arabic/possibly Islamic surname), and 3 white guys.
His natural pattern is to move forward and ignore mistakes.
Likewise Reagan, George H. W. Bush, Clinton, and George W. Bush all thought that the Islamic Republic was not due money that was owed to the Shah.
No, he will not be confirmed.
A: I forgot about that.
And that is that there is a war going on.
The prominent Twentieth Century Indian Islamic scholar Muhammad Ashiq Ilahi Bulandshahri explains the passage this way:
What is shameful about this is that her views are mainstream in the Democrat Party today.
For by a man came death, and by a man the resurrection of the dead.
Half an hour later Julian Assange instructed his lawyers to sue the Guardian for libel.
Afterward it was off to make millions through philanthropy at the Goldman Sachs Foundation.
GILANI A: Yes, a long time ago.
In January, the pope was accused of insensitivity and tone-deafness after insisting, during a visit to Chile, that local abuse survivors had no “proof” against a bishop who allegedly witnessed abuse and failed to report it.
A handful of Democrat senators, including the perpetually vulnerable red-state senator, Joe Manchin of West Virginia, are reportedly considering voting to confirm Kavanaugh when the nomination goes before the full Senate.
In response, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) has placed razor wire along the fence.
HANNITY: And Obama and Holder and Mueller?
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
Under her lead the paper took a new direction.
An administrative error this month revealed that the US justice department had secretly filed criminal charges against Assange.
Let’s not give them that, OK?
They Are Coming: Migrant Caravan Resumes March to US Border (Video)
On January 4, 2020, ANI posted a video of Indo-Americans gathered in support of CAA outside the CNN Headquarters in Georgia, Atlanta.
Kavanaugh, 53, vehemently denied the woman’s allegations.
"As the United States begins to re-impose sanctions on Iran and Iranian entities, our European allies must understand and appreciate that doing business with Iran is no longer permissible," the source said.
As the West wants eastern Europe to follow its lead, an increasingly vicious struggle was likely, he said, alluding to a plan to redraw the European alliance advocated by the leaders of France and Germany.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
The Department of Justice is looking into whether Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf obstructed justice by warning Northern California residents of an impending raid by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE).
Omar defended herself against charges of anti-Semitism in a July interview with ABC News, saying: “These accusations are without merit.
My own bishop in Victoria, the occultist Remi de Roo, Seattle’s Raymond Hunthausen, Miami’s Favalora, Rochester’s Matthew Clark, Derek Worlock of Liverpool… I sometimes wonder how long that list is going to be when this is all over.
The House leaders are Paul Ryan (Speaker of the House), Kevin McCarthy (Majority Leader), Steve Scalise (Majority Whip) and Cathy McMorris Rodgers (House Republican Conference Chair).
While they did the right thing.
Democratic party leaders provided staffers with copies of a form, known as a “cure affidavit,” that had been modified to include an inaccurate Nov. 8 deadline.
First of all, the figure of six million is a historical lie.
That is often followed by vomiting and diarrhoea, skin eruptions, kidney and liver failure, and internal and external bleeding.
Keith Ellison Defends Louis Farrakhan: "He Had Something To Offer"
Prosecutors appealed, and the 9th U.S.
This implies that there is no possible return to the Syllabus, which could well have been a first step in the combat against Liberalism and the nascent Marxism, but which cannot be the last word.
On May 11, 2009, Powell was one of ten speakers at a Clinton Global Initiative event co-sponsored with the Economist titled, “Global Challenges, Corporate Solutions: Creating Value for Business and Society.” Other speakers included Bill Clinton and Clinton’s former chief of staff, John Podesta, who at the time was president and chief executive officer of the George Soros-financed Center for American Progress and co-chairman of the Obama White House transition team.
It won't work.
We are not alone and we will fight together … and we will succeed.”
They hide behind a microphone day after day.
In January, Traore was determined to be fit to stand trial.
Because in those texts—above all Gaudium et Spes, Dignitatis Humanae, Unitatis Redintegratio, Nostra Aetate and Sacrosanctum Concilium—the Council verbally prostrated itself before “the modern world” and the practitioners of other religions while authorizing Bugnini (Secretary of the liturgical Preparatory Commission that drafted what would become Sacrosanctum Concilium) to begin demolition of the sacred liturgy that was the very foundation Catholic of orthodoxy and orthopraxis.
The IG also said his team focused on the fact that the classified material on Clinton’s server was “not clearly marked,” which repeated one of Clinton’s claims about her negligence.
Number of convents: 6
David Steinberg of PJ Media has done extraordinary work in shedding light on aspects of Omar’s record that the establishment media has steadfastly ignored.
Gilani told TheDCNF the brothers were trying to use the life insurance policy as leverage to persuade her to sign a power of attorney giving them access to “assets of my late husband in Pakistan,” which were much more valuable than the $50,000 policy.
The Old Paradigm is destroyed and going along with the New Paradigm is a guarantee of destruction for yourself and everyone else.
According to the New York Daily News, Brett Kavanaugh, President Donald Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, held a woman down, covered her mouth and tried to force himself on her while drunk at a party in high school.
In a series of tweets WikiLeaks said Assange and Manafort had not met.
b. between the Government of India and any State or States on one side and one or more other States on the other; or
Finally, there is the appointment of the “pro-gay” Robert McElroy as Bishop of San Diego, concerning which Viganò reveals: “The appointment of McElroy in San Diego was also orchestrated from above, with an encrypted peremptory order to me as Nuncio, by Cardinal Parolin: ‘Reserve the See of San Diego for McElroy.’ McElroy was also well aware of McCarrick’s abuses, as can be seen from a letter sent to him by Richard Sipe on July 28, 2016.” Like Cupich, Tobin and Farrell, McElroy is an avid promoter of Martin’s homosexual subversion of the Church, calling opposition to Martin symptomatic of a “cancer of vilification [that] is seeping into the institutional life of the church.”
a. Showing disaffection to the Constitution of India
In January 2017, in the days around his father’s death, Abid removed Gilani as the beneficiary of his father’s life insurance and replaced her with himself, which led to a lawsuit, TheDCNF previously reported.
But basically, Saris wants the illegal aliens the opportunity to submit another asylum application, and benefit by the years it will take to adjudicate those claims.
The administration will now start aggressively moving to deal with the root cause of chaos and violence in the region in a clear-eyed way.”
The outcome of these two incidents was the passage by Congress of the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution, which granted then-President Lyndon B. Johnson the authority to assist any Southeast Asian country whose government was considered to be jeopardized by “communist aggression.” The resolution served as Johnson’s legal justification for deploying U.S. conventional forces and the commencement of open warfare against North Vietnam.
Roughly speaking there is a 4-to-4 liberal to conservative ideological split on the court.
“He was trying to attack me and remove my clothing.” Ford said she was able to escape when Kavanaugh’s friend and classmate at Georgetown Preparatory School, Mark Judge, jumped on top of them, sending all three tumbling.
“I thought my life was over,” Wilson says.
“Based on the suspicious timing of that transaction, Awan and [wife Hina] Alvi likely knew they were under investigation at that time” and “there are strong indications of flight in this case,” prosecutors wrote.
If he’d fondled a 12-year old altar boy, that would have been one thing.
These are already doing the Cor orans programme, having shared initial formation programmes for postulants and novices, “ongoing formation” courses for professed nuns, a federal abbess or president who oversees all the federated monasteries.
The best way to stop the plague spreading was to focus on flea and rat control in the most at-risk areas, he said.
“Many of your viewers may not remember that it never happened and we could very well be treated to something like that in the Gulf.
What it does do is infringe on the rights of teachers, law-abiding citizens who want to purchase several guns which they will use lawfully, sides with criminals against law-abiding citizens as it opposes stand your ground and other measures written specifically to protect people who would normally be victims of crime.
I have never known anything quite like it in my career.
If we do not oppose evil, we tacitly feed it.
Mathias von Gersdorff, German pro-life activist and book author, states on his own blog, the upcoming Spring Assembly of the German Bishops' Conference will become crucial in this matter.
Then Hayden doubled down on that analogy.
The remaining individuals are in ICE custody awaiting a hearing before an immigration judge, or pending travel arrangements for removal in the near future.
Cardinal Wuerl, well aware of the continuous abuses committed by Cardinal McCarrick and the sanctions imposed on him by Pope Benedict, transgressing the Pope’s order, also allowed him to reside at a seminary in Washington D.C.
I started thinking about this recently when I received a note from a reader with a link to an online petition from Germany, addressed to the German bishops [!!!]
He writes, “We draw the distinction in noting we have no evidence classified information was ever shared with an unauthorized party, i.e.
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
The FBI arrested Imran, the eldest of the three Awan brothers, at Dulles Airport trying to fly to Pakistan in July, and prosecutors charged him with fraudulently gathering money the prior winter to wire overseas, possibly in an attempt to flee the investigation into the family’s activities involving House computers.
Give me another position.
Civil government is a “minister for God to thee for good” (Romans 13:4).
You may opt out at anytime.
Now, however, the situation has taken a new turn, mainly because of the Narendra Modi government’s decision to introduce the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) and the uncertainty around what happens to those who have been identified as illegal foreigners in Assam. The National Register of Citizens (NRC) has triggered a major concern in Bangladesh — of Bengali Muslims crossing the border to get back to safety rather than be imprisoned in Indian jails.
“In dogmatic questions, there cannot be a plurality,” he added.
Modern secularized society assumes that physical extinction is the worst thing that can happen to a human being, whereas the faith teaches that eternal damnation is incalculably worse.
After protests spread, the government has sought to downplay its narrative on NRC. Minister of State (Home) Kishan Reddy said the government has not decided when the exercise would begin or what its modalities would be. “The draft is also not yet prepared. Neither the cabinet nor the legal department has approved it. NRC is not going to happen immediately. Some people in the name of NRC are trying to spread fear,” he said.
Dare, if you will, to read the thrill, the excitement and anticipated results of the Synod in the radical New Ways Gay Catholic Ministry article, entitled, Youth Synod Document shows Vatican evolution on LGBT Topics.
Unlike Washington’s Arab allies in the region, Iran actually holds reasonably democratic elections and has a Western-oriented, educated, and very young population.
But, I can tell you that it had a swimming pool and I recall a narrow stairway.
Sure he was crazy.
In the U.S., following the lead of the late Cardinal Bernardin of Chicago and like minded prelates won to the new man-centered conciliar religion, the faithful are beginning to equate abortion, nuclear war and capital punishment as common “threats to the sacredness of human life” without any reference whatever to the innocence or guilt involved.
I mean, for the most part, you can obtain 20 or 30 round magazines for both handguns and rifles.
He is the very exemplar of the crisis we must still endure….
On Dec. 12, 2016, Imran and Alvi – who was also on the House payroll – began taking a series of withdrawals from banks, some of which federal prosecutors say occurred under fraudulent pretenses.
For he is the minister of God to thee for good.
President Trump had spoken of his support of Saucier on the campaign trail and blasted the Obama administration's handling of his case.
No, it was a rebuke to corruption in government to submit to the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob and His laws.
In short, a total surrender policy leading to future regime change.
There is a real element of vindictiveness here.
The secret memo also said more than “40 House offices may have been victims of IT security violations.”
"Twenty-one cases of fever with haemorrhagic indications and 17 deaths" have been recorded in Equateur province, it said, citing a notification to the ministry as of May 3.
* Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker
Here’s what the military was REALLY up to, when CNN and the rest had their little fever dreams about cross-border gun battles.
Before he was papal nuncio in Washington, Viganò headed the Governorate of Vatican City State after having served as Nuncio in Nigeria, a Delegate for the Pontifical Representatives of the Secretary of State of the Holy See and a Member of the Disciplinary Commission of the Roman Curia.
The Hammonds asserted they were taking preventative measures to protect their property from wildfires and invasive plants; the federal government maintained they were attempting to mask illegal deer hunting, among other things.
We knew Brett well through social events, sports, church, and various other activities.
take our poll - story continues below
Despite the outcries of certain people, including students, and continuing protests in the northeast of India, the CAA does not deal with the forced deportation of illegal immigrants.
Completing this poll grants you access to Truth Uncensored updates free of charge.
Immigrant employment fell by 1.068 million, down by 3.81%.
Currently, there are close to 3,000 migrants in Tijuana, Mexico, awaiting the arrival of other Central American migrants who will continue to travel to the U.S. southern border.
There were regular staff level briefings in much more detail," Blanc said.
Swetnick says in her affidavit that she saw Kavanaugh in the early 1980s "drink excessively at many" house parties in suburban Maryland.
His recent statements that he knew nothing about it, even though at first he cunningly referred to compensation for the two victims, are absolutely laughable.
I have no idea how we are going to implement all these ridiculous plans of ‘on-going formation’.
So do not take from among them allies until they emigrate for the cause of Allah.
Hard to tell.
Article posted with permission from Ron Paul
We need to see those Presidential daily briefings.
It is so far unknown when these documents will be declassified in an unredacted version, but it is safe to say that Democrats are probably panicking right about now.
It is both shocking and surreal, which of course the Julian Assange case is as well.
The email was sent by the former head of Google’s multicultural marketing department, Eliana Mario, on November 9, 2016.
Then they came for trade unionists, but he didn’t speak up because that didn’t concern him.
He wrote an excellent analysis of the constitutional violations of these “red flag” laws:
The Bharatiya Janata Party has a mode of politics that has little use for deliberation once it gets into power. The party is adept at staging well-funded election campaigns that are marked by anti-Muslim rhetoric, fake news and dog whistles, and once elected, it tends to drown out everyone else’s voice. Mainstream media is tamed, industry leaders experience fear, universities are repressed and parliamentary discussion counts for little as the Narendra Modi government has the numbers to push through legislation.
WikiLeaks @wikileaks - 13:06 utc - 27 Nov 2018 SCOOP: In letter today to Assange's lawyers, Guardian's Luke Harding, winner of Private Eye's Plagiarist of the Year, falsely claims jailed former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort had secret meetings with Assange in 2013, 2015 and 2016 in story Guardian are "planning to run".
But it wasn’t true.
5. Citizenship by incorporation of territory
Sanctuary cities are the real war on women.
By now the faithful have well understood Maradiaga’s strategy: insult the victims to save himself, lie to the bitter end to cover up a chasm of abuses of power, of mismanagement in the administration of Church property, and of financial disasters even against close friends, as in the case of the Ambassador of Honduras Alejandro Valladares, former Dean of the Diplomatic Corps to the Holy See.
That’s just the tip of the collectivist agenda iceberg.
You may opt out at anytime.
McCarrick, 88, faces a trial at the Vatican and has been barred from saying public Mass.
Finally, we have one question – what would have happened if Trump said it?
Jonathan Cook, a former Guardian writer, makes a similar point:
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
With St. John Paul II’s 1995 visit, he was remembered for “bringing a saint to Newark,” not as an abuser of seminarians, minors or priests.
The U.S. government has issued an alert warning Americans traveling to China to seek medical attention if they experience “auditory or sensory phenomena” similar to what was reported in Havana.
It collaborates in the same way that the Vichy government in France collaborated with the Nazis.
The report’s release begins an information war, with prosecutors and many victims saying it’s the start of holding church leaders at the top accountable for the first time, while church lawyers and other advocates for the institution say the report depicts an era of another century, unfairly smearing today’s Catholicism in Pennsylvania.
I was reading this official document thinking how the information contained in it was worth years of the kind of distorted reporting from Venezuela.
To no one’s surprise, Trump’s legal tormentor, Stormy Daniels attorney Michael Avenatti, whom Tucker Carlson has dubbed “creepy porn lawyer,” is representing Swetnick.
Stop “Partnering” With Muslim Brotherhood Front Groups.
So seriously that J Street can't decide what to do about a politician who defends a Hitler-lover and raises the Jewish Question.
DB: The corporate press has a major responsibility if Julian Assange goes down, don’t you agree?
The result has been a quiet reign of terror in which elderly and disabled people have started carrying cards stating in legalese that they do not want to be killed by their doctors.
pic.twitter.com/R88Y9X7lPF — Jose F Sanchez (@JoseBorderTeam) November 2, 2018
“The FBI raised a concern because they work on counterintelligence matters,” Horowitz said.
Flake said that he believed it would be proper to delay the floor vote to allow the FBI to conduct an investigation "limited in time" to no more than one week.
Obviously not going to happen.
Attributing to Soros a recent United Nations plan on creating a global blueprint to handle the migration crisis, Orban said he anticipated that powerful allies would help him prevent the U.N. from greasing the wheels of migration.
This was the obstruction tactic of choice of the left for trying to secure the Court seat before they fastened on to this latest smear.
Back in 2017, she resigned her post of Deputy National Security Adviser NSC under Islamic apologist H. R. McMaster, whose failed views she shared.
3 – Powell’s Goldman Sachs fund directly donated to the controversial Clinton Foundation.
Believing, as he does, that his claims are correct, Viganò, in calling for Francis’ resignation, has done nothing more or less than exercise his right under canon law “to manifest to the sacred pastors [his] opinion on matters which pertain to the good of the Church and to make [his] opinion known to the rest of the Christian faithful…” 1983 CIC 212 § 3.
The tweet, along with several others Wednesday morning, accelerated the president’s attacks on the investigation, which he claims is tainted by bias.
Ford can’t remember where and when the alleged assault took place, nor how she got to or went home from the party where it allegedly occurred.
Republicans felt that the request for a closed hearing was reasonable, but the demand for a new FBI investigation was not.
As the Book of Proverbs says 'My mouth shall meditate truth, and my lips shall hate wickedness (Prov.
This is the result of a mass-collusion.
Investigators also speculated that a flawed spy device could be behind the victims' ailments in Cuba.
The meeting of the Senate Judiciary Committee showed the underhanded tactics employed by the Left against Judge Kavanaugh.
A Virginia court later ruled that Jamal’s statement about his marital status on the certificate was wrong.
It’s now Trump, Bolton, and [Mike] Pompeo’s job to put this consensus back in place.”
You may opt out at anytime.
“I really dislike when people who are older say that our generation needs to be exposed to the real world.
Because now, anyone with access to the internet and a 3D printer can print their very own gun that is unregistered.
I had always believed and hoped that the hierarchy of the Church could find within itself the spiritual resources and strength to tell the whole truth, to amend and to renew itself.
Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
The U.S. Consulate in Guangzhou says that it hasn’t had any other reported cases of strange sounds being heard by American officials, but is taking the issue seriously.
Like his predecessor, Francis has promised “zero tolerance” on child abuse, but scandals have kept recurring in several parts of the world — including in Australia recently.
That’s not very aggiornamentistic!
Both of these men have the same devil as their father because both men are following after the teaching of the Koran .
Completing this poll grants you access to Truth Uncensored updates free of charge.
You may opt out at anytime.
As the modern world continued to reject traditional Christian mores, so too does the Church seem increasingly “out of step” and in need of “modernizing”.
The suit claimed that these amendments make religion and a person's country of origin a criteria for grant of citizenship and result in classifications based on religion and country, which are discriminatory, arbitrary, unreasonable and have no rational nexus with the object sought to be achieved. "The religious classification brought forth violates the twin test of classification under Article 14, the protection of which is not limited or restricted to citizens alone and extends to all persons," it said.
Eventually a compromise was found in 1971 when Pope Paul VI lifted the excommunications and Mindszenty was able to leave the U.S. embassy.
Forthrightly pro-America, pro-Israel candidates would stand little to no chance in either of their districts.
Proof does not matter to those wanting to bring Judge Kavanaugh down at any cost.
In astronomy, a light-year is a commonly used unit to measure distance, but some astronomers prefer to use a unit called the parsec.
According to the Tagespost report, Cardinal Müller said in his address that he regrets the separation of the Church's doctrinal and moral teaching and called Christianity a “theocentric humanism.” He said the “submissive change of the Church into a NGO for the embetterment of the this-worldly life conditions” is a “suicidal modernization” that denies mankind the Truth of God.
Jorge Bergoglio might have been unknown to the larger Catholic world, but Walter Kasper was a celebrity heretic, the media-savvy frontman for the “ultra-liberal” “wing” of the post-Vatican II Church.
pic.twitter.com/NnpcF33smC take our poll - story continues below Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.?
“One other thing that is very striking to me is the complete loss of our rights.
Finally, I wish to encourage you, dear faithful, my brothers and sisters in Christ: never be despondent!
McFarland had written that “Global Islamist jihad is at war with all of Western civilization.” It’s not hard to see why McMaster pushed out McFarland and elevated Habib-Powell.
For people like Faggioli, indeed for the tradition-hating Pope they blindly defend, the one thing to be feared is that more and more faithful will recognize the neo-Catholic polemic for what it is—a fraud—and begin demanding a return of everything the regime of novelty has stolen from the life of the Church.
Then, only when he was forced by the media, and a revolt by the Chilean victims and faithful, did he recognize his error and apologize, while stating that he had been misinformed, causing a disastrous situation for the Church in Chile, but continuing to protect the two Chilean Cardinals Errazuriz and Ezzati.
The president suggested in a subsequent tweet that Manafort was being treated worse than Al Capone, the notorious Prohibition-era Chicago gangster.
A rare moment, indeed, when the immunity, the collusion was interrupted.
Bradley Manning gave WikiLeaks the gun-barrel video of July 12, 2007 called “Collateral Murder.” Whoever did provide that graphic footage, showing the brutality of the celebrated “surge” in Iraq, was certainly far more a patriot than the “mainstream” journalist embedded in that same Army unit.
What this misses is that the Guardian’s attacks on Assange are not exceptional or motivated solely by personal animosity.
– Bishop Robert Morlino
“So I don’t think this is simply just a case, as bad as it is, of a cover-up of an abuser,” she said.
Will there be wall-to-wall coverage in the media eviscerating Gilllum for making promises he can’t keep?
Then he offers a quotation from the New Testament Letter to the Hebrews saying that “if we sin again on purpose” there is “only a terrifying judgment to come” (p. 126).
Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer
The duration is 3 to 4 days and they take place every time in a different Monastery of the Association.
In order to avoid causing offense we offer to ourselves and to others niceties and human consolation.
I promise to put any victim and their sufferings before that of the personal and professional reputation of a priest, or any Church employee, guilty of abuse;
The report “detailed the experiences of at least a thousand survivors, victims of sexual abuse, the abuse of power and of conscience at the hands of priests over a period of approximately seventy years,” Francis acknowledged.
Then she begins writing again: “But then reality set in.
Rather than being the reason for the Guardian violating basic journalistic standards and ethics, the paper’s hatred of Assange is a symptom of a deeper malaise in the Guardian and the wider corporate media.
Rob Portman, the Ohio Republican who chairs the subcommittee, is set to outline his panel’s findings Wednesday.
as well as those who submitted to such.
Saucier said that he recognized he had erred in taking the photos, which he said he wanted to show only to his family to show them where he worked.
No, he will not be confirmed.
Saucier’s lawsuit names as defendants former President Barack Obama, former U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch, former FBI Director James Comey, former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, and Peter Strzok, the FBI agent who led the inquiry into Clinton’s email account.
The pope’s unwillingness to respond to my charges and his deafness to the appeals by the faithful for accountability are hardly consistent with his calls for transparency and bridge building.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
“Let me get this straight: this is [a] statement about [a] secret letter regarding a secret matter and an unidentified person.
But Wasserman Schultz refused to fire Awan, with her spokesman saying he would work on “websites” and “printers,” which a cybersecurity expert previously told TheDCNF would presumably involve network access.
“The assault on our country at our Southern Border, including the Criminal elements and DRUGS pouring in, is far more important to me, as President, than Trade or the USMCA,” he wrote.
There is no ban on — they had the Muslim ban.
Bishop Paul Bootkoski, emeritus of Metuchen, and Archbishop John Myers, emeritus of Newark, covered up the abuses committed by McCarrick in their respective dioceses and compensated two of his victims.
The Islamic State (ISIS), in its heyday, quoted the Qur’an frequently -- odd behavior if the group actually was ignorant of, indifferent to, or in violation of the book’s core tenets.
The Washington Times has more:
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
Sarah Lucy Halimi was thrown out of the window of the third floor Paris apartment while she begged her Muslim killer to spare her life.
A dynamic volunteer can easily speak with a voter and, with their email or other digital handle, get the voter videos and other answers to areas they care about (“the benefits of ACA to you” etc.)
When the FBI received Dianne Feinstein’s letter last week, they forwarded it to the White House to place in Kavanaugh’s background check file.
The police informed the court that the sanction to prosecute the accused persons for sedition and other sections was still under consideration.
Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border?
We also supported partners like Voto Latino to pay for rides to the polls in key states (silent donation).
In his latest public slam at Attorney General Jeff Sessions -- who, citing his involvement with the Trump campaign, recused himself from the investigation last year, paving the way for the appointment of special counsel Robert Mueller -- Trump said he would have "quickly picked someone else" had he known about the recusal.
Despite distancing himself from Pope Francis’s comments, O’Malley said that he has witnessed the pontiff’s genuine compassion for abuse victims.
Wednesday’s tweet was a reminder of Trump’s unabated anger at Sessions, who recused himself from overseeing the Russia investigation on March 2, 2017 — as members of both parties and legal experts have contended that he should.
President Trump seems to be pleased with the deployment so far, noting the “beautiful”sight of barbed wire decorating the tranquil scenery of the Rio Grande’s crossing along the US-Mexico border.
Unfortunately, it was about a subject that the world, and therefore the modern Church, cares so little about that hardly anyone noticed.
There may be a few gestures of disarmament but Kim must know that his nukes are his means of survival.
Born in Egypt and raised in the United States, Powell is well liked by Trump as well as the president’s daughter Ivanka and son-in-law, Jared Kushner.
It is intended to provide evidence for long-standing allegations that Assange conspired with Trump, and Trump’s supposed backers in the Kremlin, to damage Hillary Clinton during the 2016 presidential race.
Note the language used here:
* Migration has been Orban's defining theme since 2015
Ebola hemorrhagic fever, seen mostly only in Africa, is one of the world’s most feared diseases.
No, you can't act like a child and keep your pass.
Mariawald Trappist monastery – 900 years old – was finally dissolved, affiliated to death.
Bangladesh, despite being a Muslim majority country, is also extremely proud of its Bengali culture and heritage. Its links with the Bengali language, literature and music are strong. The Bangladeshi identity is defined not just by religion but by language and culture as well.
They wish you would disbelieve as they disbelieved so you would be alike.
But that would not be the first time that defense of the Church’s common good has done so, as the Great Western Schism demonstrates.
Or were at least being incredibly obtuse and belligerent.
The faithful throughout the world also demand this of him in an exemplary manner.
Juries are extremely skeptical of witnesses who contradict written notes — after all, the notes are taken when the words are immediate and there isn’t the overwhelming pressure of a trial to conform your testimony to the desired outcome.
The latter occurred near the River Ebola, after which the disease is named.
I say if the Iranian people want their freedom, let them first free themselves from the bondage of Islam, and then let the passion that burns inside men to be free rise up as it did in our forefathers due to the teachings fo the Holy Scriptures and stand and fight.
Editor's Note: The Remnant has lunched its own #StopTheSynod petition, for those who would rather not go to Change.org.
Another problem with Farage’s statement is that it manifests a remarkable ignorance of history.
Trump contends he signed off on the testimony; George W. Bush-era White House counsel and attorney general Alberto Gonzales, however, told CNN Monday morning that a sitting White House counsel would be required to fully cooperate with a federal investigation because he is a government lawyer, not a president’s personal attorney.
Epstein has published research detailing how Google could influence the results of U.S. elections.
Her ex-husband heads up Teneo Strategy: the organization created by the same man who made the Clinton Foundation happen and which employed Huma Abedin.
How could I have returned to Washington without having clarified what the Pope wanted of me?
Department of Justice Inspector General Michael E. Horowitz has released his 500 plus-page report, which purports to shine a light on the mishandling at top levels of the Department of Justice and Federal Bureau of Investigation of the 2016 investigation into Hillary Clinton’s use of a private e-mail server while she served as Secretary of State under former President Obama.
Forecasts now say the particles will give our planet a glancing blow.
A report released by Republican senators on the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigation said the Obama administration didn't tell Congress that it sought access for Iran and, in its eagerness to clinch the nuclear deal, was trying to dodge sanctions that remained in place following the 2016 agreement.
Beyond pressuring our allies, consider these specific steps President Trump has taken against Russia:
To take one of innumerable examples, Sharaf ad-Din Ali Yazdi, a fifteenth-century Persian who wrote a biography of the Mongol Muslim warrior Tamerlane, observed that “the Qur’an says the highest dignity man can attain is that of making war in person against the enemies of his religion.
A defining moment of his premiership came in 2015, as the migrant crisis peaked: he built a double razor wire fence that became the symbol of anti-migrant sentiment in Europe.
“The action he has taken, to direct your agencies to selectively disclose classified information that he believes he can manipulate publicly to undermine the legitimacy and credibility of the Special Counsel’s [Robert Mueller] investigation, is a brazen abuse of power.”
What are the names we all remember, just off the top of our heads?
Now, President Trump has gone along with it.
“Raise the corporate tax in Florida from 7 to 11 percent.
At the end of the day, Horowitz was unable to find solid proof that the agency acted in a politically partisan and biased manner in the Clinton email case.
In this last regard, special mention should be made of the most notorious and highest in ranking case, that being the allegations of former-Cardinal Theodore McCarrick’s (oft-rumored, now very public) sexual sins, predation, and abuse of power.
Unlike McFarland, Habib Powell had no national security background.
We abrogated the ABM treaty Nixon had negotiated and moved defensive missiles into Poland.
VDARE.com has long argued that the household survey captures the employment of illegal aliens; additionally, it actually mentions ethnicity.
• While reviewing the inventory, the CAO discovered that the serial number of the server did not match that of the one imaged in September.
8 – In coming to Goldman Sachs, Powell joined a firm that has long been deeply tied to the Clintons.
The book’s authors, Luke Harding and David Leigh, gratuitously abused Assange as a “damaged personality” and “callous”.
Then an herald cried aloud, To you it is commanded, O people, nations, and languages,
“Senior U.S. government officials repeatedly testified to Congress that Iranian access to the U.S. financial system was not on the table or part of any deal,” according to a draft copy of the document obtained by The Times.
It is not easy to express the reality.
Therefore it is not permissible to call those who hold it is, immoral heretics.
In the run-up to the passage of the legislation, Shah repeatedly focused on the chronology of passing it first and then implementing NRC. This is crucial at least for a section of Hindus, who can trace their ancestry to Bangladesh, Afghanistan and Pakistan. If the NRC exercise is carried out across India, the excluded group could consist of Hindus as well. In Assam, for example, out of over 3.29 crore applicants for NRC, roughly 3.1 crore made it to the final list with at least 19 lakh exclusions, many of whom are Hindus.
She issued the warnings in a speech at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies think tank as Iran announced Tuesday that it was formally moving ahead with preparations to increase its nuclear enrichment capacities — the sharpest response to date by the Islamic republic to Mr. Trump’s pullout from the nuclear accord.
They might explain that to Ohio, Michigan and Pennsylvania.
And he has always been a good person.
The tweet drew no immediate response from Sessions.
Soros, who expatriated from Hungary, also funded Orbán’s political organization, the Alliance for Young Democrats.
The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool.
The Financial Express published a report on December 29, 2019, which stated 150 Indian-Americans from the Greater Washington area held a peaceful protest against CAA on December 28, 2019.
In Tunisia, the release of WikiLeaks documents foretold the Arab Spring.
Watch the full video:
Bishop Morlino has now done it, and we respectfully demand that the rest of the American bishops either follow suit or face the charge of being complicit with the degenerate and even criminal shepherds, accounts of whose betrayal and vice now dominate the news.
Promulgated 25 years ago, the encyclical rejects authoritatively the theory of situation ethics, a theory that seems to be getting again much attention in our time, for example by theologians such as Professor Maurizio Chiodi.
“How dare you needlessly endanger the lives of our law enforcement officers to promote a radical, open borders agenda.”
New York, USA
Q. How can India make distinction between refugees and illegal immigrants-specially from Pakistan and Bangladesh? Even Hindus come for economic reasons.
Since the Cold War, America’s elites have been exhibiting symptoms of that congenital blindness associated since Rome with declining and falling empires.
… In the end, Google was disappointed.
Christian charity itself demands that we should hate wickedness just as we love goodness.
Officials are working urgently to prevent the disease from spreading beyond Mbandaka, which lies on the Congo River, a busy traffic corridor, and is an hour’s flight from the capital.
And given that autonomy is being held up as the sole criterion for viability of a monastery, it seems the Holy See is not interested in asking whether it is actually faithful to the charism, or even to the Catholic Faith, a question that has burned brightly for serious Catholics for some time.
These are willing to live in the freest country in the world as long as it is not them that have to sacrifice to maintain it.
The religious assistant will have unprecedented powers.
She thought she was decider-in-chief on who gets deported.
3. The Citizenship (Amendment) Act, 2019 says that on acquiring citizenship:
The constellation was first cataloged by the Greek astronomer Ptolemy in the second century, and it is also known by the names of Chained Maiden, Persea, or Cepheis.
You peel one part and then you find another part.
May God give them the grace to do what must be done and what history will vindicate as a rescue of the Church during the height of the worst crisis in her history.
Below is a video taken at the Mises Institute of Judge Napolitano explaining the implications of this enemy of the Fourth Amendment on the Supreme Court.
1. Under the Citizenship Act 1955, a person may be given an OCI card, if he is of Indian origin (e.g., a former citizen of India or their descendants) or the spouse of a person of Indian origin. Now the Act of 2019 gives the facility to OCI cardholder to travel in India, work, and study in the country.
American comedians need to start writing scripts that follow in Maher’s footsteps and Americans need to encourage and equip them to do so – and to also vigorously defend them from the attacks and slanders they will inevitably receive from totalitarian leftist and Islamic forces.
Yet now the Democrats, including Feinstein, want to demand Christine Blasey Ford have her day in court, figuratively speaking, for her flimsy and meritless accusations against Kavanaugh?
This is what it really looks like – no climbers anymore under our Administration!”
In the course of this story, we will look at ANI’s coverage of various pro-CAA demonstrations by the Indian diaspora, and how they failed to report the anti-CAA protests in the same or surrounding geographical areas.
Another of our challenges is caring [for] the ecclesial presences.
Caesar had his Brutus, Charles the first his Cromwell; And George the third- Treason!
Article posted with permission from The Washington Standard
“Countering Violent Extremism” is the pathetic and destructive focus of the Obama administration in allegedly fighting the terror war.
Bolton says it will be accomplished in the next six months.
The Miami Herald reported that Bay County Supervisor of Elections Mark Andersen said on Monday that 11 ballots were accepted by email and 147 were faxed in, though Florida law only permits those serving in the military overseas to use these methods….
Hence even before Archbishop Viganò had come forward, commentators like Faggioli were already sounding the neo-Catholic air raid siren.
These were allowed to remain as restraints on men who, now raised to a new supernatural existence, were capable of committing incalculably more grievous sins than heretofore.
During the event, Patel’s performance featured commentary on his experience living in a diverse area of New York City—including a joke about a gay, black man in his neighborhood—which AAA officials deemed inappropriate.
Christopher Chin, head of Homeschool Louisiana, told The Times that parents are fed up with “the violence, the bullying, the unsafe environments.” Many parents are also disturbed by the social engineering, which amounts to brainwashing and indoctrination that goes on in a public school.
Kavanaugh was a “mean drunk,” she stated.
I don’t care if you go and do that, go ahead.”
Yes, what Kazi could possibly have been up to is a complete mystery.
Dependence upon the care of others is, quite literally, a capital offence.
When Harold Pinter accepted the Nobel Prize for Literature in 2005, he referred to “a vast tapestry of lies up on which we feed”.
The Best of Tyler Durden
“Avenatti is a third rate lawyer who is good at making false accusations, like he did on me and like he is now doing on Judge Brett Kavanaugh[,]” Trump wrote on Twitter.
Present Problems: Ageing of the communities, resulting in weakening of life in all its facets.
“I’m not sure what his words will be and I’m not sure that a simple apology is what survivors of abuse want,” Martin said in a BBC interview.
And a big announcement at the end of the show.
What kind of evidence?
I stand with them.
While there can be no doubt that the impending total extinction of the Carmelite Order in Western Europe was foremost in the minds of the nuns present, it seems that the issue was simply not addressed out loud by the representatives of the bureaucracy.
Specifically, one executive suggests paying for the rides of Latinos to get them to the polls — if they vote for Clinton, that is.
All they would need to do is download a computer file and use a 3-D printer to stamp out a gun.
Following an outcry, Francis apologized for his remarks, held private meetings with victims at the Vatican, and, after envoys he sent to Chile backed up victims’ claims, the entire leadership of the Chilean Catholic church tendered their resignations.
But that's Rep. Davis' current views.
The unemployment rate for immigrants fell 21%, from 3.8% to 3.0%; native-born unemployment rates fell 11.9%, from 4.2% to 3.7%.
He added that his office should have the authority to override members who would want to keep a rule-breaker on the government network.
“It is commonly said that wage stagnation contributed to an economic anxiety in middle America that carried Donald Trump into the White House…Yet Mr. Trump’s rise seems to have coincided with a turnaround in fortunes for the middle class.
And the designs for making your own printer have been available on the Internet for years.
We know from the Chelsea Manning case what he can expect if a U.S. extradition warrant is successful — a United Nations Special Rapporteur called it torture.
Indeed it doesn’t.
“The Obama administration singled out Dinesh for things most people don’t even get charged for,” Saucier said.
Trump wants the Justice Department to “stop the rigged witch hunt” before it can “stain our country and further.”
The summit was launched by longtime Clinton ally Tina Brown, who also founded the Daily Beast, where Powell was a contributor.
As for the new things which we can find in this message today, there is also the fact that attacks on the Pope and the Church come not only from without, but the sufferings of the Church come precisely from within the Church, from the sin existing within the Church.
And the angel said unto him, Gird thyself, and bind on thy sandals.
The Cardinal, muttering in a barely comprehensible way, admitted that he had perhaps made the mistake of sleeping in the same bed with some seminarians at his beach house, but he said this as if it had no importance.
Powell already lives in New York, where the U.N. is based, but has young children and left the administration in part to spend more time with family.
Google Was ‘Working To Get Hillary Clinton Elected’
Did Bob Mueller go to Eric Holder and tell him?
Article posted with permission from The Free Thought Project
To call them nativists and parade their moral superiority.
Capitol Police are looking into the massive amounts of data the Awans reportedly downloaded off the congressional system, thousands of illegal logins made on the official system, possible theft of tens of thousands of dollars in congressional equipment and fraud and sent to foreign governments and groups.
Think of this: Those that serve “We the People,” before taking office, swear to uphold the US Constitution with their hand on the Holy Bible.
Iran deal reverberations
There were cultural exchanges with Iran and money for Lebanon and the Palestinian Authority.
— Alex Pappas (@AlexPappas) July 3, 2018
Harding is likely a major target for anyone wrapped up in Russia’s intelligence operation against the West’s democratic institutions.
They are entirely predictable and systematic.
[2] It should also be noted that in his book, The Dictator Pope, historian Henry Sire documented that this is how Jorge Bergoglio has always operated, collecting bad men around him and controlling them with a masterful combination of threats and rewards.
The behavior of several of the Democratic members of this committee at my hearing a few weeks ago was an embarrassment.
Hopefully Mexico will stop this onslaught at their Northern Border.
It is unclear why Manafort wanted to see Assange and what was discussed.
Exposing the Deep State Plotters
I know Julian Assange well; I regard him as a close friend, a person of extraordinary resilience and courage.
Now the question is, why.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
Clearly, they were acting unlawfully when they did what they did.
Remnant Editor's Note: This could well mark the beginning of the end of the disastrous pontificate of Pope Francis.
Islam’s core beliefs make it clear that the latter statement is closer to the truth.
We need only consider Father Robert Drinan, S.J., who was elected four times to the House of Representatives, and was a staunch supporter of abortion; or Father Vincent O’Keefe, S.J., one of the principal promoters of The Land O’Lakes Statement of 1967, which seriously compromised the Catholic identity of universities and colleges in the United States.
Such actions are sinful and scandalous and we cannot allow anyone to use their position or power to abuse another person.
There were also some personal business projects, some very senior Clinton people that got a remarkable infusion of cash from Russia.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
You have to whip them up into a frenzy in order for them to vote.
“These are the stories that we know,” Gillum said.
But it has been made clear to him that if he attempts to go to a hospital he will not be given free passage and he will be arrested.
Under the first part of my ongoing analysis of “Cor orans,” a commenter wrote: “When the enemy wants to take a soul, he tries to make it give up prayer.”
Many thanks to our friends at LifeSiteNews, especially Diane Montagna, for the following translation and release of the follow-up testimony from arguably the most courageous prelate in the Church today—Archbishop Carlo Maria Viganò.
You may opt out at anytime.
Yeah, right, Hakim!
ICE arrests 145 in South and Central Texas during 7-day operation targeting criminal aliens
They were members of the club.
Experts say the DRC’s vast, remote terrain provides an advantage, as outbreaks often remain localized and easy to isolate.
Elizabeth Yore is an attorney and international child rights advocate who has investigated clergy sex abuse cases.
1. Citizenship by Birth
When in fact, their idol, Obama did the same thing for years during his time in power.
When the church and the world can jog comfortably along together, you can be sure something is wrong.
There are no statements of faith, nothing asking the students to write it or practice in any of the Jewish or Christian rituals.
Rick Scott’s administration, point the finger at the Florida Democratic Party.
Saucier said that he realizes he had erred in taking the photos, which he said he wanted to show only to his family to show them where he worked.
Patel questioned why this was happening.
This confiscation is “temporary,” but it can easily lead to long-term or permanent confiscation.
How does any of this stop gun violence?
But to raze the bastions cannot signify that she no longer has anything to protect, or that she can live owing to different forces than those that engendered her: the water and the blood that poured from the open side of her crucified Lord.
Lock them all up this has to end!!!
The country, rocked by back-to-back civil wars that ended in 2003, was hit the hardest by the fever, with 40 per cent of the deaths having occurred there.
Of what was said above concerning resignation from Church office in general, what would not apply to a pope, of all office holders, if he, as alleged by Viganò, from the first months of his papacy knowingly protected and favored a cardinal who was [pick a disgusting verb]-ing seminarians?
The homosexual networks present in the Church must be eradicated, as Janet Smith, Professor of Moral Theology at the Sacred Heart Major Seminary in Detroit, recently wrote.
That means they didn’t find an ISIS membership card in his wallet, or lots of phone calls to Iraq or Syria, or a note from Kazi reading, “I did this for Allah and Islam.
All the talk of Iran and nuclear weapons is without any reference to the biggest nuclear power in the Middle East.
The Counter Jihad Coalition's (CJC) Facebook page, which Jamie helped run with CJC President Steve Amundson, was removed a few years ago with absolutely no explanation.
They added that they are not sure what has caused the employee's symptoms.
The risk of Ebola spreading within Congo is “very high,” according to authorities, and the disease could also move into nine neighboring countries, the World Health Organization has warned.
Many in the hierarchy were active homosexuals who intentionally relaxed and ignored the Church’s teaching and moral stance on homosexuality.
Trump tweeted Thursday: "Will be giving a Full Pardon to Dinesh D'Souza today.
Capitol Police found a laptop with the username RepDWS in a phone booth at midnight along with a copy of Awan’s ID, a letter to prosecutors and a note that said “attorney client privilege,” according to a police report.
“..This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further.
“In the last couple of months, our numbers have doubled.
Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
At the same time, it is not biblical to say that homosexuality was the exclusive reason why God destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah.
We’ll stop it,” Strzok responded.
[Editors' note: To best understand why Facebook would ban Jamie Glazov on 9/11 for his article on how to best prevent more 9/11s, pre-order Jamie's new book, Jihadist Psychopath: How He Is Charming, Seducing, and Devouring Us: HERE.
The word “meddling” doesn’t apply to the kind of action implied in this document.
It led the front page and also appeared in print.
This second memo of mine was also never returned to the Personnel Office, and I was greatly dismayed at my superiors for the inconceivable absence of any measure against the Cardinal, and for the continuing lack of any communication with me since my first memo in December 2006.
The case against confirming Kavanaugh may be somewhere between weak and non-existent, but the constant repetition of the unsupported allegations in the Trump-hating media is clearly taking its toll on the nominee.
According to Fox News, Saucier’s federal lawsuit alleges that the United States government was “overzealous” in prosecuting him for “mishandling classified information” while going easy on former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for more serious violations of the same law.
The government needs, he said, to “implement a concrete ‘countering-jihad’ strategy.”
The 21 pages Trump wants to be declassified only make up a small part of the 412 pages of FISA applications and warrants related to Page released by the FBI earlier this year in heavily redacted format.
The state department has issued a health alert to its citizens in the country, adding that the unnamed staff member's symptoms indicate a "mild traumatic brain injury".
Significantly, the government expressly acknowledges that non-automatic firearms up to .50-caliber – including modern semi-auto sporting rifles such as the popular AR-15 and similar firearms – are not inherently military.
The Iran nuclear deal should never have proceeded — President Obama, the worst president in American history .
The North’s weapons are obsolescent; its small air forces and navy will be vaporized by US power but its troops are deeply dug into the mountainous terrain and would be fighting from prepared positions.
What can we do to end these confirmation circuses?
Howbeit many of them which heard the word believed; and the number of the men was about five thousand.
Here is Abraham’s account…
“It is essential that we, as a Church, be able to acknowledge and condemn, with sorrow and shame, the atrocities perpetrated by consecrated persons, clerics, and all those entrusted with the mission of watching over and caring for those most vulnerable,” he said.
director James Comey and whether the messages were intended to “obstruct the inquiry” into his alleged Russian collusion.
International financial institutions get a lot of heat for terror state ties.
We are doing just fine!
But I have never done that to her or to anyone.
The Remnant Newspaper
Parliament can pass new laws under special circumstances, such as the one related to the subsidies given to people going on the Haj pilgrimage. The Modi government actually lives up to all its resolutions. Whatever is promised to the people of this country gets implemented in all fairness and honesty. It would be no exaggeration to say that this law is a milestone towards safeguarding the traditional Indian and universal values, which have been the hallmark of India’s identity. There are many misconceptions about this Act, which are nothing but baseless.
They cannot deny it and they must be interrogated in order to reveal every circumstance and all responsibility regarding this matter.
Ditto for former FBI Director James Comey and one of his deputies, Andrew McCabe.
First, he insulted the abuse victims.
Defense Attorney : Were you hurt?
3 – Powell’s Goldman Sachs fund directly donated to the controversial Clinton Foundation.
Remember that his scheme to Amoris-Latitia-ize the Church was stopped by Ratzinger’s CDF in 1993.
When he worked in Moscow he copied stories and passages from the now defunct Exile, run by Matt Taibbi and Mark Ames.
It created cover for the men of Kasper’s clique to maneuver their man on the throne of Peter five years ago.
“Any public discussion of these options, and any messaging about the Iranian regime in general, should make a bright line distinction between the theocratic regime along with its organs of oppression and the general populace,” according to the plan.
"They’re not following normal procedure."
J Street "Kapos" May Un-Endorse Dem Rep Over "Jewish Question"
His account was suspended for violating Twitter’s rules relating to “hateful conduct.” It is "hateful conduct", apparently, to reference what Islamic texts themselves say.
The proceedings Thursday are supposed to get underway at 10:00 a.m. Eastern time.
Islamizing the Schools: The Case of West Virginia
Consequently, it has the right, by the same divine law, to use all means of themselves necessary for such separation; and those that juridically correspond to the crime, are of themselves necessary”—meaning the resort to an imperfect council.
This is clearly the testimony of an honest man who has only the good of the Church in his heart—a modern-day Athanasius standing against something so much worse than Liberius.
I want to thank them for their swift actions.
Indeed, Frontpage’s editor had simply referred to Sahih Bukhari’s texts discussing Mohammed’s marriage to Aisha when she was six years old (7.62.88) and to Quranic Suras that mandate the Hijab for women (24:31; 33:59) and sanction sexual slavery (4:3; 33:50).
The National Register of Citizens is an exercise that will enlist all Indians citizens on a ‘national register’ by vetting their documentation. The NRC does not exclude any Muslim who is a genuine Indian citizen. It only seeks to provide citizenship to minorities from Muslim-majority nations, where the said minorities, are known to face persecution.
He has now been flown back to the US for assessment, according to reports.
Trump suggests he would have picked another AG who could have blocked Russia probe
We see this again and again: schoolchildren have to make the Islamic profession of faith or affirm Islam as fact, in public schools.
The authorities allowed him to commit the crime.
Expanding domestic violence restraining orders to include dating partners.
We have seen the increasing Islamization of the public-school curriculum.
Only with the ascension of Pope Nicholas II in 1059 was it established that henceforth the cardinal-bishops would elect the Pope, with the other cardinals having the right to confirm or veto the nominee.
However, in the day and age of unmitigated "terrorism" charges, once they served their sentence the federal government went after both men for more time inside their prison for profit system.
Seattle Police First In State To Seize Gun Under Mental Health Law
Wilson made the decision to go all in on the project, dropping out of law school at the University of Texas, as if to confirm his belief that technology supersedes law.
Schaaf tweeted out a warning ahead of the raid in northern California last month, infuriating Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials and the Trump administration.
And that's due to the hard work of committed conservative journalists who stayed on this story, especially at the Daily Caller, which got the Rep. Davis quotes, twice.
Labor force participation rates fell by 1.2% points for immigrants and 0.8% points for natives.
We put these allegations to both Paul Manafort and Julian Assange's representatives prior to publication.
My client said, what happened?
* Yes, military force should be used.
Error, even heresy and blasphemy are pouring daily out of the mouth of his successor, who has, literally, turned the Vatican into a den of thieves, and we hear nothing but the occasional, carefully worded statement on how fine everything is.
They wear the cross.
It was my first meeting with the new Pope elected only three months prior, after the resignation of Pope Benedict.
The latter [Maradiaga] is so confident of the Pope’s protection that he can dismiss as “gossip” the heartfelt appeals of dozens of his seminarians, who found the courage to write to him after one of them tried to commit suicide over homosexual abuse in the seminary.
In formation: 10
How inconvenient that since 2013 during Francis’ impromptu airplane presser when he cleverly sent a powerful message to homosexual clerics, “Who Am I to Judge,” now Francis must judge the criminal predatory conduct of homosexual clergy and prelates who preyed on youth and seminarians.
Their main weapon would be personal smear.
I can imagine what a monastery founded by a committee would be like to live in.
A US embassy worker in China has reported experiencing "abnormal sensations of sounds and pressure" amid fears of a "sonic attack".
Yes, the doughface Presidents made the Civil War inevitable, but worse came later.
Wilson created a ruckus in May 2013 when he announced his successful design of a plastic gun.
Even though they discuss Christianity a little bit during the Middle Ages, they are not ever going to have this basis for Judaism or Christianity later.”
As far as the labor market is concerned, “America First” has not translated to Americans First.
The session also was attended by then-campaign chairman Paul Manafort and Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner; the president dictated a misleading statement about it a year later and it remains murky just when he learned about the meeting.
Concern about the safety of students in government-run schools is one reason many parents are considering homeschooling, but it is not the only reason.
Unfortunately, he proves to be just the opposite: Wills laments “Robert Spencer of Jihad Watch calling for a ban on the Qur’an” (p. 58).
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
The Nuncio added that Littleton had already forwarded his Memorandum to about twenty people, including civil and ecclesiastical judicial authorities, police and lawyers, in June 2006, and that it was therefore very likely that the news would soon be made public.
The migrant caravan has resumed their march through Mexico towards the U.S. border that is being reinforced by the Army and Marine Corps.
Thus he overthrew those cities and the entire plain, including all those living in the cities..." (Genesis 19:2 4) .
Dwight Hammond is now 76 years old and has served approximately three years in prison.
[3] This includes all sisters up to final profession, not just postulants and novices.
How Cor orans will end St. Teresa of Avila’s reform of Carmel
Why do we do this?
DB: Randy Credico, because of his work and his decision to devote a very high-profile series to the persecution of Julian Assange, recently found himself under attack.
Therefore, the government still believes it has a right to regulate certain arms, which it does not have authority to do.
The Best of Eric Margolis
In the week since we first noted the new outbreak of Ebola in the Democratic Republic of Congo, the number of cases has risen by 50%, and The World Health Organization has now said it is preparing for “the worst case scenario.”
But if you are a freedom-loving American who values your liberties and the God-given right to defend them, happy is NOT what you should be feeling right now.
Our goal must be preserving the precious treasure, the Deposit of the Faith, the sacramental life, the great charisms and artifacts of the religious life.
So, how, exactly, is it to be determined – and by whom – that a group of nuns possess “the necessary vitality in living and transmitting the charism”?
However, unlike Jupiter’s centuries-old storm, Neptune’s hurricane-like weather events only last a few years at a time before eventually dissipating.
Nonetheless, he stirred it.
Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
As I wrote back then, with the likes of Cupich in view:
Ever since being soundly beaten in Vietnam and fought to a draw in Afghanistan, the US military has preferred to attack small countries like Panama, Grenada, Somalia, Yemen, Iraq and Syria.
Any one of these (and dozens of other) circumstances by themselves are not enough to dismiss this allegation outright.
The Obama Era Jade Helm Connection To The Current Illegal Immigration Policy
Back in 2017, she resigned her post of Deputy National Security Adviser NSC under Islamic apologist H. R. McMaster, whose failed views she shared.
Apparently at the time of his election in 2005, Martini had said it would be his main task to reform the Curia.
Indeed, as TFTP has reported at length, nearly all wars in US history have been started over false information.
The potential for an explosive increase in cases is now there.” Mr Salama, the WHO’s deputy director-general for emergency preparedness and response, said Mbandaka’s location on the Congo river, widely used for transportation, raised the prospect of Ebola spreading to surrounding countries such as Congo-Brazzaville and the Central African Republic as well as downstream to Kinshasa, a city of 10 million people.
Kamala Harris & Elizabeth Warren Have Ethics Complaint Filed Against Them In Senate
According to a document released by Edward Snowden, Assange is on a “Manhunt target list”.
All this came *before* Ellison praised him as "a role model" in 1995, and was photographed selling Farrakhan's newspaper in 1998. pic.twitter.com/5dvnDHTSoB — Michael Ahrens (@michael_ahrens) October 22, 2018
Sadly, many of Judge Kavanaugh’s haters have thrown that rule aside.
It emerged that during a Vatican training course for new bishops in September 2015 a French priest informed bishops they had no obligation to report abuse to the police, forcing the commission to issue a strong statement saying bishops had every obligation to do so.
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 1, 2018
Iranian regime oppression of its ethnic and religious minorities has created the conditions for an effective campaign designed to splinter the Iranian state into component parts,” the group states.
Extreme leftists have been resorting to hysterical profanity-laden melodramatic hissy fits when they encounter people they disagree with.
The report and the former officials' response highlight how controversial the Iran deal continues to be, even after President Donald Trump's May 8 decision to leave the international pact.
(That would be Islamophobic.)
Much will depend on how India plays its cards. If Delhi can manage the fallout of its domestic policies and insulate Bangladesh from the repercussions of the CAA and NRC, relations will remain intact. But it is a tough task.
You may opt out at anytime.
Article posted with permission from Constitution.com
The battle for America -- and for the West -- is on.
Bill Maher, for whatever unappealing drawbacks he has in conservatives’ eyes, has set a bold standard in this respect in his Burka Fashion Show skit.
However, it is legitimate to think so, but I do not think he was the only one responsible for this.
‘Russian Collusion with the Trump Campaign, one of the most successful in history, is a TOTAL HOAX,’ he wrote.
A year ago an important Moon of Alabama piece - From Snowden To Russia-gate - The CIA And The Media - mentioned Harding:
His was the thesis – a mainstay of “conservative” ideology – that the “real” Council, if only implemented properly, would be the salvation of the Church and the world, a theme he never left.
(John 7:7) It is the church that has compromised, not the world.
Concerned health officials in Nigeria, which also does not border the DRC, have put similar measures in place to keep its population safe.
With mass immigration, especially from Africa, "our worst nightmares can come true.
As a result, the former Chairman of the Democratic Caucus directed the CAO to copy the data from their server and two computers.
This sends radiation out into space, and that radiation can be hurled toward the Earth.
In order to emphasize the fact that it is God, and not man, who is always the principal party to be avenged, provision was made for a heifer to be killed as propitiation in the case of an unsolved murder whose perpetrator could not be found (Deut.
As one of them said to me, “The old arrangement was, ‘Remain faithful, do the work, and we will look after you.
39 of the present Instruction, can take place either by a single monastery or, as established by the Federal Assembly [9]
Twelve air-raid shelters were fitted out in the basements of the Museum complex and until the first evacuations were made in March 1942 there were 12,000 people housed there permanently, among them the Museum Director, celebrated Academician Iosif Orbeli.” “Hermitage staff both in Sverdlovsk and in Leningrad acted as museum attendants, continuing their scholarly activity and lecturing in hospitals, holding conferences, writing scholarly articles.
So it is crucial that you and your pro-gun friends get to the polls.
Kavanaugh “has no qualms about applying decades-old case law to the digital age, and he has endorsed the idea of a “counterterrorism exception” to the Fourth Amendment’s warrant requirement,” said Liza Goitein, co-director of the Brennan Center for Justice’s Liberty and National Security Program.
It doesn’t take much to trigger these people.
This was even admitted by General Wesley Clark, former Supreme Allied Commander of NATO, that the U.S. planned on going to war with Iran, according to a 2001 memo from the U.S. Secretary of Defense.
The name came from Charles Messier, the French astronomer who catalogued the large galaxy.
When the court case completely collapsed, the media buried the story.
"The Republican Party is kind of taking a nap somewhere."
Average age: 69
He has a very good sense of humor, and I have often laughed out loud with him about situations that others might consider too bleak to discuss.
Many buildings on the island were built under a prior code demanding protection against 125-mph winds.
The former Navy sailor is acting as his own attorney after the Appellate Division of the New York State Supreme Court New York barred his lawyer, Ronald Daigle, from practicing for one year.
Sierra Leone reported the highest number of Ebola cases, with nearly of all those infected having been residents of the nation.
Dr Nafees Ahmad: India is a magnetic destination for illegal immigrants from its neighbourhoods and it is, indeed, a serious issue for every country on this beautiful planet. Illegal immigration remains unabated in India due to its geostrategic location. Illegal immigration from Bangladesh and other border areas has presented an unprecedented challenge for India that is impregnated with profound national security concerns but it requires a balancing between human rights and homeland security. When immigration law stops, refugee law begins but, unfortunately, India does not have any law on refugees. Therefore, the government of India should share the correct number of illegal immigrants in the country in a transparent manner and potential beneficiaries of CAA. For example, in Assam, during 1979-1985 a large number of illegal immigrants from Bangladesh entered into India and got themselves enrolled as voters leading to Parliamentary legislation called Illegal Migrants (Determination by Tribunal) Act in 1983 for their deportation but it was set aside by the Supreme Court of India in 2005. Later, the deportation of illegal immigrants under the Foreigners Act, 1946 was carried out but it made little success.
Why would Benedict take advice from a man like Martini – the “godfather” of the “liberal wing” of European Catholicism?
No more ceding control of the process to Democrat Party lawyers.
Many Twitter users have taken his side, while many others believe firmly in the Russian conspiracy theory.
The latter occurred in a village near the Ebola River, from which the disease takes its name.
These accounts are not singular.
ISIS also awarded $10,000 prizes and sex slaves in Qur’an memorization contests.
Democrats may be overestimating the strength of their hand.
“I’ve ordered the FBI to conduct a supplemental investigation to update Judge Kavanaugh’s file.
Two guys on my ship did the same thing and weren’t treated as criminals.
The most downloads came from Spain, followed by the U.S., Brazil and Germany.
WikiLeaks’ Julian Assange revealed two years ago that Google CEO Eric Schmidt and a number of Google employees created a company in 2015 specifically to place Clinton the White House.
North Korea’s Kim Jong-un has played right along, clearly relishing his game of chicken with tough-talking Donald Trump.
This article tagged under: Pardons
The end of “Big Umbrella Catholicism”
He received petitions and letters and calls, yet, ignored them all,” she said.
number of convents: 14
Between 1992 and 2016, China was allowed to run $4 trillion in trade surpluses at our expense, converting herself into the world's first manufacturing power and denuding America of tens of thousands of factories and millions of manufacturing jobs.
If Francis was not listening to the commission about Barros, whom was he listening to?
Senator Mazie Hirono (D-Hawaii), one of Judge Kavanaugh’s fiercest critics who told men to “shut up” regarding Ms. Ford’s allegations, said she doubts Judge Kavanaugh’s credibility because of “how he approaches his cases.” Aside from mischaracterizing the constitutional textualist reasoning underlying Judge Kavanaugh’s opinions, she is saying that she does not believe Judge Kavanaugh’s denial of the sexual misconduct allegations lodged against him because of the opinions he wrote that she does not like.
We were told about the Jews and told a little bit about Jesus.” Penkoski also shared with Christian Post the packets on Christianity and Judaism passed out in class and allegedly modified from the original full version.
“The rules in Florida are f***ed up.
Democratic Illinois Rep. Danny Davis confirmed in an interview Sunday that he has a personal relationship with Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan, a notorious anti-Semite, and said he isn’t bothered by Farrakhan’s position on “the Jewish question.” Farrakhan has repeatedly denounced Jews as “satanic,” praised Hitler as a “very great man” and has said that white people “deserve to die.” The congressman wasn’t sure why the ADL wrote that he had been misquoted in his praise for the anti-Semite, and said he wasn’t sure if someone from his office had told the ADL he was misquoted, he told The Daily Caller News Foundation on Sunday.
(Tallahassee) Project Veritas Action Fund has released undercover video from Florida gubernatorial candidate Andrew Gillum’s campaign, revealing his election strategy includes making empty promises to voters.
Facebook Lifts Frontpage Editor Jamie Glazov’s 9/11 Ban
And then they arrested him.
Reprinted with permission from Chuck Baldwin.
He didn’t speak up when they came for the Jews because he wasn’t a Jew.
As Trump was heading to Singapore for the historic summit with North Korea’s leader, a State Department diplomatic security agent who was part of the advanced team reported hearing an unusual sound he believed was similar to what was experienced by U.S. diplomats in Cuba and China who later became ill.
But Orbán remains committed to his policy, claiming that Soros and supporters of migration are losing the fight.
“But it is extremely dangerous as the head of the Catholic Church — you know, the last appeal — that this is the kind of behavior that is going to be mimicked around the world by bishops, [who will say] ‘Well if the Pope is not going to intervene and impose zero tolerance, why should I?’”
Just 30 seconds later, as Swisher asked:
But a “one-state solution” would be even worse, unless that state is the current State of Israel, but that is not the one state Tlaib has in mind.
This Synod will exploit the youth and seminarians, just like Ted McCarrick.
Bradley McVay, DOS interim general counsel, asked attorneys in Florida to investigate the conflicting dates.
What the papers never told us was that as a young priest and theologian Joseph Ratzinger was known as a “progressive,” as the term was understood in 1962.
That’s all,” when he stated in his sworn account that Nuncio Pietro Sambi conveyed to McCarrick at the Nunciature in Washington the sanctions that had been imposed on him by Pope Benedict—sanctions Bergoglio ignored for five years until forced to act by a worldwide storm of outrage.
We supported Voto Latino to help them land an interview with Senator Meza of Arizona (key state for us) to talk about the election and how to use Google search to find information about how to vote.
The committee also voted against Senator Richard Blumenthal (D-CT) and his motion to subpoena Mark Judge before the committee.
The anti-gun Left is hopping-mad, now that Judge Brett Kavanaugh has been confirmed to the Supreme Court.
I'm not sure if he should have.
To quote Cajetan on this point (citations taken from the linked article by Robert Siscoe), deposition by an imperfect council is appropriate “when one or more Popes suffer uncertainty with regard to their election, as seems to have arisen in the schism of Urban VI and others.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
The emails were first revealed on Fox News on Monday evening on Tucker Carlson Tonight by anchor Tucker Carlson in a special report.
“To hear him talk about us that way,” Cruz said, “calling us slanderers, it was terrible because it set the clock back for so many victims.”
There is usually a six-month period that must lapse before the lawsuit actually is filed.
But it does move in lockstep with the US on much of its foreign policy.
This time into Nikki Halley's old spot as UN Ambassador.
Archbishop Stanislav Zvolensy, President of the Slovakian Bishops' Conference and archbishop of Bratislava, told Die Tagespost that Veritatis Splendor is not only still valid, but shows timeless truths.
You may opt out at anytime.
It is a moving letter, in which he has appealed to the prime minister to bring his son home.
Rep. Keith Ellison (D-MN), aka Hakim Muhammad, recently defended his ties to Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan, who recently paralleled Jews with termites.
Notice no bible verses, no reciting the 10 commandments or the Lord’s prayer.
No, keep the military out of it.
Raise teacher’s pay to $50,000, that will never happen.
Retailing these poisonous lies ought to hurt her chances for election to Congress, especially after the Pittsburgh synagogue massacre.
There are new flows of money there that we will report on then the next couple of weeks.
We’ll house, feed and clothe you and look after your retirement.’ The new arrangement is a perversion of that: ‘Keep quiet and go along with it all and you’ll be fine, but step an inch out of line and we’ll destroy you.’”
“Policies like background checks on all gun sales and Red Flag Laws save lives,” said Karen Freeman-Wilson, mayor of Gary, Ind.
Talk of US-South Korean plans to “decapitate’ North Korea’s leadership with missile strikes and commando raids keeps giving Pyongyang the jitters.
“When I called it, it is the Democratic Party of Florida,” she said in a Nov. 8 email to DOS officials.
The handover was done with much fanfare, then the US, France and Britain attacked Libya and overthrew Kadaffi.
See the column here:
(Catechism of the Catholic Church, 2357)
TRAVIS AIR FORCE BASE, Calif. (KGO) — A man who drove into Travis AFB has been identified as 51-year-old Hafiz Kazi, two sources with knowledge of the probe tell ABC News.
It is true President Trump likes fascist and authoritarian leaders, and that is a problem, but it’s not like Putin is the only leader that he doesn’t criticize.
The accuser doesn’t get to determine when and who investigates.
The civility of the Left on full display… pic.twitter.com/gUzBVRpP7X — The Columbia Bugle 🇺🇸 (@ColumbiaBugle) July 5, 2018
And if so, could we have been this wrong?
He then pointed out that many who cross the border are criminals and are coming to engage in criminal activity.
I don’t know yet how this will play out nationally or internationally.
This is critical information because it tells us how power works and we will never learn about it otherwise.
Today, I am at the #Texas border talking with @CBP officials on how we are securing ports of entry.
Former Deputy National Security Advisor for Strategy Dina Habia Powell is rumored to be among the top candidates to replace outgoing United Nations ambassador Nikki Haley after her resignation earlier this week.
No, he will not be confirmed.
Trump Set To Enact More Gun Control
— Alvise Armellini
Is the principal acting on this?
After agents interviewed the subject, it was determined that the 20-year-old El Salvadoran national was illegally in the United States.
Specifically, Kristian Saucier, who served a year in federal prison for taking photos of classified sections of the submarine on which he worked, argues that the same officials who meted out punishment to him for his actions chose to be lenient with Hillary Clinton in her use of a private email server and handling of classified information.
[1] Dreher and others are asking some very important questions now about the activities of the men McCarrick is known to have mentored, one of whom is currently making interesting headlines as Pope Francis’ Cardinal Prefect of the new Dicastery for Laity, Family and Life, and as the primary organiser of the upcoming World Meeting of Families in his native Dublin.
The UK Home Office also admitted Shaykh Hamza Sodagar into the country, despite the fact that he has said: “If there’s homosexual men, the punishment is one of five things.
The CAO and [sergeant-at-arms] worked with the Chairman to account for his inventory, including the one server.
The only lawyer she could afford, she claimed, was Michael Hadeed, a business attorney who was convicted in 2010 of conspiracy and immigration fraud for helping aliens obtain green cards by setting them up with fake employment relationships.
That is the only expression that will demonstrate concern for the young.
The FBI files contain memos that need to be scoured too.
Florida Democrat Party community engagement specialist Adrian Young also admits on video that Gillum is not campaigning with that position because it would be unpopular with Florida voters.
No, keep the military out of it.
John, I would like you to explain once again why Julian Assange is such a significant journalist, why so many journalistic institutions have collaborated with him based on the information he provided.
ICE deportation officers carry out targeted enforcement operations daily nationwide as part of the agency’s ongoing efforts to protect the nation, uphold public safety, and protect the integrity of our immigration laws and border controls.
Coincidentally, MEK was classified as a terrorist organization by the United States and its allies—during this training period—until they suddenly removed them from the list in 2012.
It can easily be seen with the naked eye from Earth, and it is found in the constellation of Andromeda, from which its name originates.
So it is today.
Imran Awan also goes by Shahid Imran Awan, Virginia court records show.
Andrew McCabe, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page were involved in the edits.
As President Donald Trump continues to surround himself with neocon warhawks, the drums are beating for war with Iran.
He asks why the Qur’an is “so ferocious to ‘hypocrites’ and apostates” (p. 124).
Barack Obama spent considerable time selling the American people on the idea of a cooperative Iran — all the while cutting quiet deals, behind closed doors, with the rogue nation.
What we have here are historical errors.
take our poll - story continues below
Damasus II, another German bishop designated by Henry, reigned for a mere three weeks before dying, whereupon Pope St. Leo IX succeeded to the papacy, reigning until 1054.
What is the government’s reasoning for CAA?
From there, Murillo continues writing for another page and a half:
We also know that a Broward County employee, Chelsey Smith, signed an affidavit affirming that she had seen members of Snipes' staff engaging in voter fraud.
Other Hondurans are leaving the country to join the caravan of illegal immigrants attempting to illegally enter the United States against president Trump’s wishes.
I might suggest he is a renegade now.
Immigrant employment grew 2.1-times faster than native-born American employment: 3.03% vs. 1.42%.
On January 4, 2020, ANItweeted, “United Kingdom: Indian diaspora staged a demonstration outside Parliament Square in London, in favour of #CitizenshipAmendmentAct.” Alt News could also find a report about this event on ANI‘s website.
Ms. Ramirez’s story is even less credible.
“Sixteen years since the crisis first erupted in the U.S., almost ten years since that happened in Ireland, and now more than five years since Francis was elected, the Catholic Church still has no credible, transparent process for handling cases when the accusation against a bishop isn’t the direct commission of abuse but rather covering up someone else’s crimes,” Allen said in a Sunday column.
I can also state without exception that no one in my years in Newark ever told me that they were improperly touched by Archbishop McCarrick, and no one ever told me that they had to share a bed with him or that they had seen anyone share a bed with him.
- Given that it seemed a new scandal of particular gravity, as it regarded a cardinal, was going to be added to the many scandals for the Church in the United States,
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
“We all have different opinions of our president, but we don’t take it out on innocent kids who just happen to have a hat on,” Gavino Zarate, secretary of the Harris County Green Party told Heavy.
And since we're in Europe, it's time to default to the standard excuse, mental illness, current flavor, over-excitement.
I mean, none of this came from the Russians.
Contemplative life is aimed only at a purely supernatural end.
Was Trump involved in this intrigue?
McCarrick described the conversation with the Influential Roman:
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
This email from Murillo was not just from some rogue staffer inside Google.
On December 17, 2019, India Today published a report saying, “the ripple effect of protests on campuses across the country reached top educational institutions in the world including Oxford, Harvard and Yale and MIT.”
©2018 Los Angeles Times, Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
You may opt out at anytime.
“That’s just one segment of what goes on in our world.
Goldwater took on the GOP establishment in the primaries, voted against the Civil Rights Act of 1964, defiantly declared, "Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice," and then went down to defeat battling to the end after the assassination of JFK made LBJ invincible.
Wilt thou then not be afraid of the power?
Article posted with permission from Dean Garrison
Pamela Geller's commitment to freedom from jihad and Shariah shines forth in her books
Strzok writes that the media has been focused on the question of why Hillary seems to be getting a pass when “Petraeus/Berger/Libby” did not.
If we do not oppose evil, we tacitly feed it.
However, it is now absolutely clear that immigration, and immigrant displacement of American workers, cannot be jawboned away.
Is this a violation of God's principles when it came to submission to authority?
Rodriguez-Lopez had no record of any criminal or immigration arrests in the United States.
This doltish and dimwitted document wreaks of psycho babble, insults the intelligence of young people, and will destroy the future of the Church.
His family’s lives have been completely upended.
The migrants previously made a days-long stop in Mexico City.
At the time I knew nothing of his long friendship with Cardinal Bergoglio and of the important part he had played in his recent election, as McCarrick himself would later reveal in a lecture at Villanova University and in an interview with the National Catholic Reporter.
The former Navy sailor pardoned by President Donald Trump after serving a year in federal prison for taking photos of classified sections of his submarine filed a lawsuit on Monday against Obama administration officials.
March 6th, 2017.
The Byzantine scholar Bessarion wrote to the Doge of Venice two months after the conquest, in July 1453, saying that Constantinople had been
They don’t care about the victims they create.
The source familiar with the report said that Congress asked the Obama administration directly about such a license, but that the administration was under no legal obligation to provide the licenses to Congress.
We pushed tp get out the Latino vote with our features, our partners, and our voices.
In the Introduction, it seems anxious to establish a “hermeneutic of continuity” with Pius XII and his document Sponsa Christi Ecclesia of 1950.
Anything a Republican president does is exactly like the Holocaust.
The rumor that Dina Habib Powell is the top candidate to replace outgoing U.S.
What could suit the Devil more than to watch the Church burn her wheat as she gathers the chaff?
In normal times, this might be a big story.
TO ARGUE AGAINST THE DEATH PENALTY is to contend with constituted reality.
Feinstein still hasn’t given the Judiciary Committee an unredacted copy of the letter.
A spokesperson for ICE gave Fox News examples of some of the unsavory characters who evaded officals during the raid.
“Not one Democrat would look at my deposition with the independent counsel.
On December 23, 2020, journalist Farheen Rizvi tweeted images of anti-CAA protests in Washington DC in from the Indian Embassy.
Ambassador John Bolton.
“This is a disaster.
But an email obtained by the USA TODAY NETWORK – Florida shows that Florida Democrats were organizing a broader statewide effort beyond those counties to give voters the altered forms to fix improper absentee ballots after the Nov. 5 deadline.
JP: Randy shouted some truth.
[…] “Since Germany and Europe did not want the Jews, the Nazis came up with the idea of sending the Jews to another country.
Article posted with permission from Constitution.com
But most working class people have a pretty sensible attitude towards ambitions in academia: get something under your belt you can fall back on.
The first thing the Lord commanded him to do was to tear down his father's altars (Judges 6:25).
Can't render, error
Just stop holding them.
The Bible teaches just the exact opposite.
Ramirez’s charge is even flimsier.
Do they not know that 18-year-olds carry firearms, both handguns and rifles?
Kavanaugh's Nomination Saved?
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump called on Attorney General Jeff Sessions to “stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now,” opening the president to further complaints that he is trying to obstruct the investigation into Russia’s election interference and his campaign’s possible complicity.
Only hours after Viganò’s sworn testimony appeared online, the professional Catholic dissident Sean Michael Winters, writing for National Catholic Reporter, smeared the former Apostolic Nuncio to the United States, who holds doctorates in both civil and canon law, as “a trafficker in conspiracy theories who mixes fact, fiction and venom,” “more than a little obsessed with homosexuality”—like Oliver Stone, who “was obsessed with the grassy knoll”—“a disgruntled former employee” and “always a crackpot.” Without addressing the merits, Winters dismissed Archbishop Viganò’s “wild claims” about bishops who are “subverting Catholic doctrine on homosexuality” and accused the Archbishop, along with unnamed other bishops and archbishops, of “speak[ing] about gay people with such hatred…”
Oversight chairman Trey Gowdy delivered the opening statement.
Dwight Hammond is now 76 years old and has served approximately three years in prison
As for William (“nighty-night baby!”) Tobin, after McCarrick had arranged for him to become Archbishop of Newark, Tobin, another episcopal booster of Martin’s pro-homosexual propaganda, promptly sponsored a “gay pilgrimage” to his cathedral in Newark.
We’ll keep an eye on any other results that can show us the influence that our efforts had on the election.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
No investigative journalism in my lifetime can equal the importance of what WikiLeaks has done in calling rapacious power to account.
Dr Smruti S Pattanaik: Even if India is not a signatory to the Refugee convention, it has been home to large number of refugees. Citizenship Amendment Act 2019 is directed at fast tracking citizenship of certain communities.
Indeed, he did it repeatedly, in the context of the celebration of the most Holy Sacrament, the Eucharist, where he runs no risk of being challenged by journalists.
We’ve caught on to his sneaky synodal tactics.
Trump, who ran in 2016 promising to tighten U.S. immigration laws and stanch the inflow of undocumented migrants, has called for cutting off foreign aid to Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador if they don’t stop the migrants.
The accuser had refused to identify herself before and during the Senate Judiciary Committee hearings.
It is as if a one-way moral screen has been pushed back to expose the imperialism of liberal democracies: the commitment to endless warfare … When Harold Pinter accepted the Nobel Prize for Literature in 2005, he referred to ‘a vast tapestry of lies up on which we feed.’ He asked why ‘the systematic brutality, the widespread atrocities, the ruthless suppression of independent thought’ of the Soviet Union were well known in the West while America’s imperial crimes “never happened … even while [they] were happening, they never happened.’”
But every job for Powell is a stepping stone to the next one.
Don't get me wrong here.
According to the redacted version as reported by Fox News, three of the declassified pages contain information included in a section titled “The Russian Government’s Coordinated Efforts to Influence the 2016 U.S. Presidential Election.” That section includes reference to the potential coordination between people associated with Trump’s campaign and the alleged Russian election interference effort.
While the packet on Islam contained verses from the Koran, the packets for those religions did not contain scripture and did not encourage students to write prayers or faith statements, he said.
“You’re not getting anything.”
Washington (CNN) Senate Republicans on Wednesday accused the Obama Administration of secretly trying to give Tehran access to the US financial system to convert billions of dollars in assets into Euros as part of the Iran nuclear deal.
And these are the same people today persecuting living Christians while praising the dead ones (Matthew 5:10).
Bangladesh is concerned, and has taken up the issue with Indian officials behind closed doors. Dhaka scrapped three visits of ministers to India in recent months. Foreign Minister AK Abdul Momen and Home Minister Asaduzzaman Khan scrapped their scheduled visits to India recently, though some weak excuse of scheduling problems was put out. Deputy Foreign Minister Shahriar Alam gave the Raisina Dialogue a miss too.
They continuously preach of the heroism of Abraham, Moses, Joshua, David, Gideon, Samson and others from the pulpit and fail to understand what these men were doing when serving their generations (Psalm 71:18-19; Isaiah 51:4).
And Dems have become honorary members of MS-13.
Those who love our Holy Mother – those who want to protect her boys and men from all the McCarricks and their perverse appetites – mustn’t be deceived into thinking this is a small or an isolated issue.
In the media these were described as “clashes.” Although they did become so bad that The New York Times in a later edition changed its front page headline to say that Israel was actually killing people.
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
I have a number of friends who have escaped abusive marriages.
“They interpreted the law in my case to say it was criminal,” Saucier told Fox News, referring to prosecuting authorities in his case, “but they didn’t prosecute Hillary Clinton.
President Trump’s sweeping order this week directing intelligence agencies to declassify documents from the more than 18-month-old investigation related to the Left’s electoral collusion conspiracy theory involving Trump and Russia may shed light on what really happened in the 2016 election.
According to one widely held opinion, the death penalty has proved to be no effective deterrent to crime in any case, and should be discarded as impractical.
They lost many lower court rulings.
Like Valerie Jarrett.
Clyburn is now the eighth House Democrat to have direct ties to Farrakhan.
Here’s a link for ya to do just that.
When they were past the first and the second ward, they came unto the iron gate that leadeth unto the city; which opened to them of his own accord: and they went out, and passed on through one street; and forthwith the angel departed from him.
Powell is on the short list of Trump's considerations to fill the position.
Reports say Pope Francis personally received the eight-page letter from the Chilean victim graphically detailing the alleged abuses by Karadima and linking Barros as having witnessed and covered up the abuse.
We're starting to have that "national dialogue" about racism that the left keeps wanting us to have.
“And I don’t think it’s politically correct to say we value that," she concluded.
GoFundMe has also banned Spencer because of a smear by the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) hate machine.
The media very deliberately misreported the Bundy standoff, ridiculing the men involved and shrugging at the murder of LaVoy Finicum.
There are no restrictions.”
The new wave of allegations has called Pope Francis’s handling of abuse into question as many Catholics look to him to help the church regain its credibility.
Dem Congressman Corrects ADL's Claim That He Isn't Into Farrakhan
The strangest report came from the Netherlands where, for a single surviving autonomous monastery and an average age of 81, resources were mobilised to create “a completely new structure,” complete with approval from the Congregation for Religious:
A fourth source — a fellow House IT aide — previously told TheDCNF that Awan said now-Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel wasinvolved.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
It will be even more difficult to impose background checks, which have proven quite useless anyway.
When asked how Gillum would fund all the programs he says he wants to fund, Smith says Gillum “can’t,” and when asked if voters are aware that Gillum cannot deliver on his proposed programs, Smith says:
As the Book of Proverbs says “My mouth shall meditate truth, and my lips shall hate wickedness (Prov.
Except Obama Inc. weren't trying to drive a hard bargain.
“And the men rose up from thence, and looked toward Sodom: and Abraham went with them to bring them on the way.
This is why faithful seminarians are rejected and why faithful priests are harassed.
Fourth, under Bush II and Obama, the U.S. intervened massively in the Near and Middle East—in Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, Syria, Yemen.
“If you want to change the future you are going to have to trouble the present.”-William Booth
Young men with ambitions for the priesthood are going to have to tuck away employability and an independent financial foundation, in the same way people used to tuck money away against a rainy day.
The arrests came despite a press release tweeted by Libby Schaaf, the Democratic mayor of Oakland, which noted that “multiple credible sources” told her ICE would be conducting the raids in the Bay Area.
Analysts familiar with the desert kingdom said it was likely Saudi leaders were hoping the scandal would blow over and that they could wait it out.
It is known that Sodano tried to cover up the Father Maciel scandal to the end.
For those who remember Cody Wilson, the man who began developing 3D printing files so that you could manufacture your own guns, there is good news out.
Groups of Migrants Heading to San Diego Will Be Met With Barricades And Razor Fences (Videos)
Kavanaugh's nomination was passed out of committee on Friday and will go to the Senate floor for a confirmation vote.
While Kavanaugh may be an ostensible supporter of the Second Amendment, his record indicates that he all but cannot stand the Fourth and he’s not that big a fan of the First either.
“We don’t have any nexus of terrorism at this point,” Ragan said, adding that aspect of the case was still being investigated.
Iam perplexed at the negative reaction from some EU politicians to India’s Citizen Amendment Act (CAA), which was introduced into the Indian Parliament in December 2019. As the chair of the EU Delegation for relations with India, I wish to put my personal views on this Act on record.
“You cannot obstruct justice by openly exercising your First Amendment rights and openly criticizing a prosecution, whether you’re right or wrong,” he said.
....In addition to stopping all payments to these countries, which seem to have almost no control over their population, I must, in the strongest of terms, ask Mexico to stop this onslaught - and if unable to do so I will call up the U.S. Military and CLOSE OUR SOUTHERN BORDER!..
As already mentioned, the Cardinal had no difficulty in insistently presenting for the episcopate candidates known to be active homosexuals — I cite only the well-known case of Vincenzo de Mauro, who was appointed Archbishop-Bishop of Vigevano and later removed because he was undermining his seminarians — and in filtering and manipulating the information he conveyed to Pope Benedict….
Any visits by Manafort would have been logged.
9: 22,27), but now with the possibility of eternal bliss in heaven.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
The wolves are now looking with ravening eyes at the faithful.
A pretty big one if you ask me.
Hillary is still walking free.
Recently a Muslim spokesman in Tunisia named Said Khecharem, who is affiliated with the international pro-Sharia, pro-caliphate organization Hizb ut-Tahrir, declared (to delighted screams of “Allahu akbar” from his audience), that the “establishment of an Islamic state…requires the conquest of America, Britain, Russia, France, and Italy – Rome and other infidel lands will be conquered, Allah willing.”
The White House has called this nothing more than a last minute gambit, and that would be correct.
“God, I hope you never get it.
“They used me as an example because of [the backlash over] Hillary Clinton,” he continued, alleging his life was ruined for political reasons.
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
Their excuse was calligraphy,” Penkoski told The Christian Post.
Put Pressure on Mosques, Islamic Groups and Schools.
Newt Gingrich will weigh in on this and more things and about the Clintons.
He even removed the Nuncio in Mexico City, Justo Mullor, who refused to be an accomplice in his scheme to cover Maciel, and in his place appointed Sandri, then-Nuncio to Venezuela, who was willing to collaborate in the cover-up.
pic.twitter.com/S8nUzjzKyZ — Kelly Biele (@kellytvnews) November 14, 2018
President Donald Trump has threatened to send the military to the United States’ southern border with Mexico to stop a caravan of illegal immigrants coming from Honduras.
As Pope Benedict has observed, when it comes to the election of a Pope “the Spirit’s role should be understood in a much more elastic sense, not that he [sic] dictates the candidate for whom one must vote….
"The ordinary people of Iran are suffering under economic stagnation, while the regime ships its wealth abroad to fight its expansionist wars and to pad the bank accounts of the Mullahs and the IRGC command," SSG writes in the paper.
Don Lemon Is Lying... Again: Biggest Threat Isn't "White Men" - The FBI's Most Wanted Domestic Terrorists Are These People
Nor is the desire to establish a global caliphate limited to Hizb ut-Tahrir alone.
That firing, however, led to Mueller’s appointment as special counsel.
One source close to the White House who has previewed the plan told the Free Beacon that the nuclear deal, also known as the JCPOA, solidified the Iranian regime’s grip on power and intentionally prevented the United States from fomenting regime change.
In much of her testimony, Ford came across as presentable and seemingly credible, though vague and sometimes evasive, her ridiculous overall story notwithstanding.
While May was a welcome respite, Trump supporters have reason to complain: Since taking office in January 2017 President Trump has presided over a labor market in which immigrants have gained 1.006 million jobs, a 3.9% increase, while native-born Americans gained about 2.4 million jobs —a rise of only 1.9%.
"WHO is working closely with the government of the DRC to rapidly scale up its operations and mobilize health partners, using the model of a successful response to a similar... outbreak in 2017," it said in a statement.
Medicare for all; that will never happen.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Where is Berg's blog post on that?
They were likely prompted by the start of the trial on Tuesday of Paul Manafort, Trump’s former campaign chairman, on 18 charges of tax evasion, bank fraud and conspiracy.
The following day, I delivered a new memo to the new Substitute, Fernando Filoni, which included my previous one of December 6, 2006.
The documents include all FBI reports on interviews, also known as 302s, with Justice Department official Bruce Ohr and all FBI reports of interviews prepared in connection with applications to surveil Carter Page, as well as 21 pages of one renewed warrant.
The American people weren't promised pardons, we were promised a special counsel to dig into the Clintons and bring about justice.
Meanwhile, cure affidavits are publicly available and anyone can send them to voters to prompt them to “fix” their ballots.
No, he will not be confirmed.
So if you care about actual actions, I think there’s a lot to be happy about in terms of a tough posture towards Russia.
Plans by a Texas organization to publish, starting Aug. 1, downloadable blueprints for 3-D-printed plastic firearms — so-called ghost guns — have rightly alarmed leading gun safety groups and law enforcement officials.
I wanted to ask him to deliver a letter from Gareth Peirce, Assange’s lawyer, to the government.
Back in the 2008 presidential race, I explained to then-candidate Rudy Giuliani the concept of “blowback.” Years of US meddling and military occupation of parts of the Middle East motivated a group of terrorists to carry out attacks against the United States on 9/11.
The controversial eighth chapter of Amoris Laetitia has to be understood “in an orthodox way,” namely that “he who lives in the state of mortal sin cannot receive Holy Communion.” It is, in Müller's eyes, the pope's duty “to unite the Church, that is what the pope is there for.” This is what he, Müller, himself told the pope: when the bishops' conferences present different interpretations of Amoris Laetitia, the Church enters “into a situation like the one before the Reformation.”
She's known about this for over ten years, why come forward now?
On Tuesday, President Trump Oregon cattle ranchers, Dwight and Steven Hammond, who had been serving sentences for arson.
Jews under Nazi rule may have been forced to collaborate.
In May, according to the Household Survey, total employment rose by 105,000.
Reprinted from The Duran.
What was all that rubbish from Ganswein about there being a divided “munus” – with an active member and a “contemplative member”?
In a series of tweets on Thursday, President Trump said the right things.
“They go against our Constitutions, even though Cor Orans states that everything is to be done in accord with the charism and Constitutions.
But he is now a full-fledged member of the nuclear club.
They are appointed to magnify law against crime, not crime against the law (Psalm 94:20).
The Goal Of Eliminating Guns Is Ultimately A Fool’s Errand
Thus over the past 12 months:
The problem with this latest fabrication is that Moreno had already released the visitor logs to the Mueller inquiry.
I said that the reason I dropped the “J” word was because you haven’t in 40 years (Romans 1:16).
“The media dubbed her the Republican Huma Abedin.
JP: It could but I don’t believe it would be, because power respects power.
Dina Powell would have been a Jeb Bush appointee.
We are left with the problem that in the communities there are no sisters who can or who want to be prioresses or council sisters.
Why did you resign?
Conservative commentator Dinesh D'Souza, who was pardoned by Trump last week, had pleaded guilty to campaign finance fraud.
Any serious investigator would want to know who would be motivated.
Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.?
In fact, they declare and proclaim how much they love God, and yet if you were to have them read His moral law and look to their own lives, they would find how much they actually hate God through their actions (Matthew 15:8).
A team of experts from the WHO, Doctors without Borders (DRC) and Equateur province travelled to Bikoro on Tuesday to beef up coordination and carry out investigations, it said.
Since the airborne version of the plague can kill a person in just three hours, experts warn that its too soon to think that since there hasn’t been a person infected in recent days, that it won’t pop up again.
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
"I can't condemn [Barros] because I don't have evidence," he said on the plane back to Rome, suggesting he had ignored or never read the letter from Cruz.
Bring Counter-Jihadists into the Government.
“Woe unto them that call evil good, and good evil; that put darkness for light, and light for darkness; that put bitter for sweet, and sweet for bitter!"
How inconvenient that Farrell, Head of this Synod on Youth, roomed with the notorious Cardinal Theodore McCarrick for six years and never knew anything about McCarrick’s predatory behavior.
To a man proven to have given false witness against another, Deuteronomy laid down, “They shall render to him as he meant to do to his brother.
In discussing the arrival of these migrants who obviously gotten incredible help along the way, busted through customs gates, and pushed at the Mexican border while committing all sorts of crimes against many they come in contact with along the way, Lemon said what is clearly not only racist but utterly insane.
This is another case of Kavanaugh Derangement Syndrome.
Mike Pompeo, the US secretary of state, said that medical teams were travelling to Guangzhou to investigate.
Ridicule is a vicious and potent weapon.
Finally, I ask you all to join me and the entire clergy of the Diocese of Madison in making public and private acts of reparation to the Most Sacred Heart of Jesus and to the Immaculate Heart of Mary for all the sins of sexual depravity committed by members of the clergy and episcopacy.
There is no telling when the worst consequences of Obama’s aid and comfort to the Islamic Republic of Iran will be felt.
Students can develop superior oral and verbal communication skills via intensive writing and public speaking courses.
“I don’t want to get myself in a lawsuit over this.”
Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller
Any intellectually honest review of the last decade of foreign policy would lead one to admit that President Trump has most assuredly been tougher on Putin and Russia than Obama ever was.
The Senate's own rules prohibit this kind of behavior, but will the Senate hold these women to the standard they've set?
Gillard has recently been appearing in a gig with Hillary Clinton; they are billed as pioneering feminists.
As moderates go, Indonesia is about as close as it gets to moderate Muslims.
Carter Page told Fox News’ Sean Hannity on Monday night that the FBI’s investigation was “so incredibly stupid to begin with.” He added, “My biggest concern is all the damage that this did to the U.S. government [and] the mockery it made out of the Constitution and all of the wrongdoing that was done by various officials within the Department of Justice, the FBI and the DNC [Democratic National Committee].”
Audio of a Florida Democratic Party caller leaving a voicemail message asking a Palm Beach County voter to fix their vote by mail ballot after Election Day, which is not allowed, was also sent to POLITICO separately.
To recapture oil fields lost in the war, forces backed by Assad crossed the Euphrates into territory taken from ISIS by the U.S. and our Kurd allies.
RICARDO ARDUENGO/AFP/Getty Images
You may opt out at anytime.
At the same time, however, the love and mercy which we are called to have even for the worst of sinners does not exclude holding them accountable for their actions through a punishment proportionate to the gravity of their offense.
Sorry Hillary, we don’t think they look anything alike.
I hate democracy.
In any case, the Pope learned about it from me on June 23, 2013 and continued to cover for him.
In one exchange, Bacon knew that she had emailed with the FBI.
Molester McCarrick: I hope I am.
The Guardian has been vocal in the so-called “fake news” hysteria, decrying the influence of social media, the only place where leftwing dissidents have managed to find a small foothold to promote their politics and counter the corporate media narrative.
Women have exchanged one form of dependence, and one double standard for another.
Said James O’Keefe, founder and president of Project Veritas Action:
And it did not allow Iran access to US investments or markets."
All presidents since Clinton have crossed countries off this list.
Before I begin, I need to make clear that the best leaders are the best followers, and that of the Christ (John 14:6).
But May’s growth was less than that in April and March, possibly an emerging trend.
The official diocesan newspaper, KirchenZeitung, announced on February 9 that in two different parishes in the Diocese of Linz homosexual couples were explicitly invited to receive a Church blessing on St. Valentine's Day.
“Their dynamical simulations said that anticyclones under Neptune’s wind shear would probably drift toward the equator.
Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer
Scandal-free administration, folks.
How many philosophy PhDs can build himself a bookshelf?
Muslim Cleric: “There Were Jews In Islamic Countries & Caliphates, But We Never Killed Them Just For Being Jews”
This was a terrible insult and could spark decisions by at least Japan to proceed ahead with its covert nuclear program.
Average age: 81 [NB, the bold was in the original.]
In Parliament, Home Minister Shah did present it as a shield for Hindus left out of the Assam NRC. He said all other legal proceedings will stand abated when an individual applies for citizenship under CAA. Without CAA, everyone left out of the NRC would have eventually faced, or is already facing, proceedings in Assam’s Foreigners Tribunals.
Lew said in 2015 that Iran "will continue to be denied access to the [US's] financial and commercial market."
Finally, the recent appointment as Substitute of Archbishop Edgar Peña Parra is also connected with Honduras, that is, with Maradiaga.
The AMA also wants to bypass the Fifth Amendment protections concerning someone actually being indicted and found guilty of a crime being deprived of their liberty and property as they promote a new legal procedure by which “family members, intimate partners, household members and law enforcement personnel” can petition courts to confiscate firearms from people “when there is a high or imminent risk for violence.”
Sebastian Gorka is crucially correct, therefore, when he recommends a national counter-propaganda campaign that involves a two-part approach: the first being the bolstering of efforts to define our enemy (Steps #1 and #4 above) and, second, the strengthening of our allies and partners in their own counter-propaganda efforts – which must include our empowering of Muslims who are trying to form an anti-Jihadist version of Islam.
Whosoever shall shed man’s blood, his blood shall be shed: for man was made to the image of God.” In other words, from that point in history lawful killing in atonement for taking the life of another is sanctioned by God.
For example, at a Friday afternoon preview of upcoming cases in the Supreme Court’s approaching October term that was hosted by the Federalist Society, panelist Thomas C. Goldstein of the law firm of Goldstein & Russell predicted that the high court would have nine members again soon.
Snipes’ latest failure to finalize Tuesday’s election returns days after the polls closed is also in violation of Florida law, which requires elections officials to “report all early voting and all tabulated vote-by-mail results to the Department of State within 30 minutes after the polls close.
And the council reminds us that consecrated life must be Christian discipleship ... must be discipleship of the founders that we remember, but also must be open to the culture of the present moment.”
Rep. Jackie Speier — a California Democrat on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence who employed Imran and his wife, Hina Alvi — said she never heard of any missing server.
Traore, 28, is accused of torturing and killing Halimi while shouting about Allah and subsequently throwing her off the balcony of her Paris apartment.
In one case a man with ALS took the NHS to court in an ultimately unsuccessful attempt to preemptively preclude his medical murder when his illness left him incapacitated.
His latest research looks at how search engines can affect voters by suggesting negative or positive search terms when a political candidate’s name is entered into the search bar.
According to the country's Health Ministry, five samples were taken from suspected cases in Bikoro.
There is also the Left-wing social engineering.
As Disobediant Media notes (emphasis in the original):
Returning home, an F-16 was hit and crashed, unleashing the most devastating Israeli attack in decades on Syria.
Now, retired military officials—who pay attention to history—are even warning about more staged events to pull us into war.
Sometime after 2009, he illegally re-entered the United States and was arrested at his residence where officers discovered six handguns in his possession.
I can't imagine what they would have made of Richard Pryor, or at this point even, Chris Rock.
* Yes, he should have gotten it back.
To “emigrate in the cause of Allah” is to leave one’s home and join up with the Muslims.
Kill the Messenger
“The objectives of the commission when it was first announced, when it was just getting started.
The scandal signals that the Church under Francis is slipping backwards in its handling of abuse, said Yore.
She claims Kavanaugh exposed himself to her and brushed his genitals against her.
He allegedly assaulted the Jewish woman and hit her mercilessly.
Quite obviously, it is because what they are actually closing an episcopal eye to are the folks who want to keep right on sinning--and sinning proudly.
In July, President Donald Trump nominated D.C.
Senator Dianne Feinstein calls these concessions “bullying deadlines.” As Feinstein put it, “Show some heart.
He said Saudi leaders made a commitment “to hold anyone connected to any wrongdoing that may be found accountable for that, whether they are a senior officer or official.” He said they made “no exceptions,” including presumably members of the royal family.
However their movements were under the complete supervision of the Iranian intelligence,” Larijani was quoted as saying.
Only legislation, above all an immigration moratorium, can secure the fruits of the current economic expansion for Americans.
Another friend who reported that the school was abuzz with gossip about the attack (which apparently took place during summer break), retracted her statement.
But when they had commanded them to go aside out of the council, they conferred among themselves,
Maybe it's not the terrorists who are nuts.
I go into the “mental health” trap in more detail in this column:
After stalling Grassley and getting repeated extensions, the attorneys got the chairman to cave on various demands, such as that Kavanaugh not be in the room when Ford gives evidence.
In doing so, he has now not only defeated a legal threat to his own highly controversial gunsmithing project.
The education campaign must also focus on the second part of Gorka’s counter-propaganda campaign, which is to help strengthen Muslims who seek to seize Islam from the jihadists’ hands.
No, he will not be confirmed.
It's because it implicates dozens of House Democrats in what could be the biggest crime of spying in US history by Muslim IT spy Imran Awan and his partners.
The CAA amends the Indian citizenship laws for illegal immigrants who are Hindu, Sikh, Jain, Parsi, Buddhist, or Christian from Afghanistan, Bangladesh, and Pakistan, and who entered India before 2014 after facing religious persecution in these countries.
Archbishop of Ulpiana
Banning replica handguns;
And while he has continually condemned clergy sex abuse throughout his pontificate, some have argued his actions in some serious cases don’t match his tough stances on abuse.
The Guardian story will prepare public opinion for the moment when Ecuador’s rightwing government under President Lenin Moreno forces Assange out of the embassy, having already withdrawn most of his rights to use digital media.
It will also help the monastery become ‘less viable’ because by the time anyone younger is professed, the others will be dead.”
Patrick J. Buchanan is the author of “The Greatest Comeback: How Richard Nixon Rose From Defeat to Create the New Majority.
But the skepticism over this story is very widespread, including among Assange's most devoted haters, because it's so sketchy.
* Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker
Though the Awami League government has been circumspect in its comments, the ordinary citizens are angry. Naturally so, when illegal migrants are being termed as ‘termites’ by no less a person than Home Minister Amit Shah. The BJP flogs the issue of Bangladeshi migrants whenever it wants to play the Hindu card during the elections.
The USCP initiated an investigation that continues to this day.
The first coils of the razor-sharp fence were unwound in the vicinity of McAllen–Hidalgo–Reynosa International Bridge crossing in Texas on Friday, after the first units of soldiers were deployed at the border started reinforcing the frontier against any potential breaches.
Barack Obama and former FBI director James Comey let Hillary off the hook before the election, while Kristian Saucier served hard time.
This is the stone which was set at nought of you builders, which is become the head of the corner.
This too is something that we have always known, but today we are seeing it in a really terrifying way: that the greatest persecution of the Church comes not from her enemies without, but arises from sin within the Church, and that the Church thus has a deep need to relearn penance, to accept purification, to learn forgiveness on the one hand, but also the need for justice.
Pope Francis, in the wake of the teaching of Pope Pius XII and reaffirmed by Ecumenical Vatican Council II, intended to present in Vultum Dei quaerere the intense and fruitful path taken by the Church in the last decades, in the light of the teachings of the same Council and considering the changed socio-cultural conditions.
They were not banished for being Jews.
A detailed snapshot of American worker displacement over the past year is available in the Employment Status of the Civilian Population by Nativity table published in the monthly BLS Report.
Ashraf Awan’s business partner in the land deal, Rashid Minhas, told TheDCNF that the elder Awan gave a USB to a Pakistani senator who is a former head of a Pakistani intelligence agency, and that Imran claimed his IT position in Congress gave him the power to “change the U.S. president.” Minhas is in prison for an unrelated fraud charge.
Criminal convictions of those arrested include but are not limited to domestic violence, DUI, operating while intoxicated, illegal entry, aggravated assault, assault and battery and carrying a concealed weapon.
I certainly don't want to hear "Speaker Pelosi," again.
Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border?
Thousands of migrants are making their way to the US border where they will be met with barbed wire and American forces blocking their illegal entry into the United States.
It’s as if the U.S. Army stopped to interrogate every German soldier who crashed through the Ardennes Forest at the beginning of the Battle of the Bulge in 1944, to see if each one’s actions had anything to do with the German Army and Adolf Hitler’s war aims.
But doesn’t admitting the penalty in principle demand that it be put into practice?
“Nowhere in any of these six FBI reports, which committee investigators have reviewed on a bipartisan basis, was there a whiff of any issue – any issue at all related in any way to inappropriate sexual behavior,” Grassley said.
And so I am working as hard as I can not to assume the worst, not to believe that this man who promised so much fresh air is really so intent on slamming doors shut before we find out even worse things hidden inside.
That means there are still thousands of unaccountable Deep State operatives in the Trump administration that have yet to be dealt with.
What does it mean canonically and doctrinally?
Army Colonel: False Flag ‘Gulf of Tonkin Incident’ May Be Used to Get US Into War with Iran
Lately, the two of us have been wondering how things might have been different if there had been a quick, confidential way to get information out.” The WikiLeaks Files: T... WikiLeaks Best Price: $2.50 Buy New $7.00 (as of 05:50 EDT - Details)
Secondly, the man was “known” to nearby bars and restaurants near his place of residence.
Keep in mind that the punishment was that Daniel was thrown into a den of lions in which God sent forth an angel to protect him.
“They All Look The Same” – Hillary Cracks Racist Joke After Booker/Holder Mix-Up
And Viganò now confirms Tosatti’s allegation: “The appointments of Blase Cupich to Chicago and Joseph W. Tobin to Newark were orchestrated by McCarrick, Maradiaga and Wuerl, united by a wicked pact of abuses by the first, and at least of coverup of abuses by the other two.
By the way, she missed her deadline.
By the way…where are her pants?
Sodom and Gomorrah was Judged by God Because Men Refused to Keep His Commandments in Dealing with the Wicked!
The police quickly intervened to save the victim who lodged a complaint.
Is it a violation of submission to God's principles to keep preaching, “Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins…”?
One thing to note is that Christianity is not Europe's "last hope," it's the world's "only hope."
He tried to continue speaking until his mic was cut.
In the last 20 years, “conservative” Catholics have pointed to the flourishing – mainly in the US – of some groups of sisters who had turned away from the “intense and fruitful path” and re-established some of the traditional accoutrements of the religious life.
You can see her photographed at the American Task Force of Palestine gala.
On April 24, it was passed on by the Prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, Cardinal William Levada, to the Cardinal Secretary of State Tarcisio Bertone.
According to Breitbart, on Friday, 65 women from both the Republican and Democrat parties who have known Kavanaugh since high school defended his character and said he has always behaved “honorably” and treaded “women with respect.”
Thankfully the Hubble Space Telescope hasn’t lost interest in the distant planet, because it just captured one of Neptunes massive storms losing steam as it roars across the planet.
See the video here:
Robert McManus, Roman Catholic Bishop of Worcester, Massachusetts, said it on February 8, 2013 as he was suppressing a planned talk at a Catholic conference on that persecution: “Talk about extreme, militant Islamists and the atrocities that they have perpetrated globally might undercut the positive achievements that we Catholics have attained in our inter-religious dialogue with devout Muslims.”
A Texas mother’s teenage son was allegedly attacked at a Whataburger for wearing a MAGA (Make America Great Again) hat.
Molester McCarrick: What could he do?
While a redacted version of Ms. Ford’s letter has been published, Senator Feinstein has refused to date to give even Senator Grassley a copy of the completely unredacted version.
The ATFP was originally Rashid Khalidi’s American Committee on Jerusalem.
How inconvenient that homosexual predation is bankrupting the American Church and the Instrumentum Laboris, the working document of this Vatican Synodal Agenda, embraces the relaxation of the Church teachings on homosexuality.
In their eyes this means total extinction, a penalty certainly in excess of any transgression of which he may be guilty.
take our poll - story continues below
take our poll - story continues below Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court?
And the accused Judge Kavanaugh also under oath vehemently denies the charges.
Christ died for the Church, and Peter, Servus servorum Dei, is the first one called to serve the spouse of Christ.
The House IG said Democratic IT aides made unauthorized access to data, but prosecutors haven’t charged them
Raise teacher’s pay to $50,000, that will never happen.
This has been evident for months now, as there are many connections and obvious questions that haven’t been investigated.
Obviously the world is not a safe space but just accepting that it’s not and continuing to perpetuate the un-safeness of it… is saying that it can’t be changed,” said Jao.
Kavanaugh also said he would be cooperating as he has in the past.
Empty Promises Exposed: “Fairy tales in the modern day begin with ‘once I am elected.
It was in effect an in-kind contribution to the Hillary Clinton campaign.”
A constitutionally sanctioned second-class status coupled with a history of repression makes these non-Muslim minorities fit the definition of refugees as defined by the 1951 Refugee Convention—elements that the CAA incorporates making it a justifiable proposition. Muslims from these nations do not fit the UNHCR definition of refugees. So, the CAA cannot be axiomatically viewed as discriminatory. The second question: Is the NRC necessary and does it discriminate against Muslims? A nation state is not a chaotic free-for-all with open access to anyone and everyone. It is a defined political entity stipulated by norms that guide its ideological character, demarcate its physical boundaries and define its citizenship, all clearly laid down in the Constitution.
"This has provoked noteworthy protests across the country in recent months."
Turkish authorities and media have said audio recordings show that Khashoggi was tortured and beheaded inside the consulate, although the recordings have not been released.
Community volunteers and groups are critical to stopping the spread of diseases, especially in isolated areas.
In order to avoid the criticism that will no doubt come anyway, the Republicans on the Senate Judicial committee have tried very hard to oblige Ford's requests, even offering to go to California to hear her testimony.
Orban also said the Hungarian opposition had failed to heed the call of history when it opposed his toughness on migrants.
Someone sent my dad this video at the Hidalgo border crossing.
“Let’s hope that he understands exactly what’s going on.”
Nope, Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton mixed up Senator Cory Booker and former Attorney General Eric Holder and blew it off with a joke saying, "They all look the same."
U.S. elites made China great again, to where Beijing is now challenging our strategic position and presence in Asia.
* Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker
He stood up to challenge the fact that the CIA was about to hand over leadership to a person who had been in charge of torture.
This may seem large, but it is rather small when compared to other galaxies.
Obama administration officials at the time assured concerned lawmakers that a general license wouldn’t be coming.
Anyone who has studied President Trump knows he hates to admit a mistake.
Third – throw ’em off a cliff.
Soldiers of the Cross - Who the Real & Counterfeits Are!
Here’s the email in question:
“This is devastating for our Democratic Latino community.
The personal wreckage brutally portrayed in the Pennsylvania Grand Jury Report is the direct result of a clerical culture which embraced homosexuality and groomed, recruited, and assaulted young people into this sordid lifestyle.
* Yes, military force should be used.
If someone can get me this young man’s information I’ll get him a new #maga hat… SIGNED by #potus!!!
Faced with stories of the depravity of sinners within the Church, I have been tempted to despair.
Wills’ peaceful fantasy Qur’an raises one massive question that the author does not and cannot answer: if the Islamic holy book is really as peaceful and benign as Garry Wills makes it out to be, why do so very many Muslims worldwide misunderstand it?
“I work with a group of really great people, I get to use my skills set.”
Kasper has recently gone to the media again to complain of being called a heretic.
He followed the advice of someone he knew well to be a pervert, thus multiplying exponentially with his supreme authority the evil done by McCarrick.
What, precisely, does the term “vitality” mean and exactly how is one to measure out how much is required?
The 21 pages make up only a small portion of the 412 pages of FISA applications and warrants related to Page released by the FBI earlier this year in a heavily redacted format.
The PIB said that in case of an illiterate person who does not have any documents, “authorities will allow that person to bring a witness”. “Also, other evidence and community verification etc will be allowed.”
But we can certainly think of many, many who spent their lives and vocations blatantly denying and undermining the Catholic Faith – academic theologians, religious, priests, bishops and cardinals around the world – with never a peep of protest from Rome.
The Democrats have stooped so low with these smears because they know the stakes.
Parents interested in providing their children with a quality education emphasizing the ideas of liberty should consider looking into my homeschooling curriculum.
Don't miss Hilary White's next article in the July 31 Print Edition of The Remnant Newspaper; Subscribe today!
With never-Trump conservatives bailing on the GOP and crying out for the Party of Pelosi to save us, some painful truths need to be restated.
Although the White House has said that Trump’s tweets are official presidential statements, his lawyer, Rudolph W. Giuliani, responded to the latest one as he has before, by brushing off suggestions that Trump’s tweets could be used as evidence of obstruction.
I’m kind of surprised there’s been this much angst over this press conference.
Immediately every Democrat publicly stated that they would vote No for his confirmation.
Several of the affected diplomats were recent arrivals at the embassy, which reopened in 2015 as part of Barack Obama’s reestablishment of diplomatic relations with Cuba.
They officially divorced in December 2017.
.....remain in the FBI while he himself was being investigated.
Known for what?
“If someone can get me this young man’s information I’ll get him a new #maga hat… SIGNED by #potus!!
Those who have outstanding orders of removal, or who returned to the United States illegally after being deported, are subject to immediate removal from the country.
Our heavenly patron, St. Paul, reminds us that “where sin abounds, grace abounds all the more.” May these difficult days be days of great grace for this local Church.
Ford’s offer also increased the pressure on several key moderates — particularly GOP Sens.
I don’t know if he was ever asked if he knew about Maciel’s crimes.
So of course, Grassley having been intimidated into giving Ford a chance to address the Committee, Ramirez and her handlers are now demanding the same privilege.
You can see why Julian made enemies.
Opposition leaders have accused the ruling BJP of trying appease the Bengali Hindu vote-bank by passing CAA and raising the pitch on a nationwide NRC. West Bengal is headed for polls in mid-2021.
The congresswoman also added Awan’s wife, Hina Alvi, to her payroll in late 2016, after the investigation was in full swing, but before the family was banned from the network.
JP: That kind of thing is not uncommon.
You may opt out at anytime.
Christians throughout history were imprisoned, tortured, or killed by corrupt civil authorities of all stripes for refusing to submit to their various, lawless policies and prohibitions.
Also, as this is an unprecedented moment in papal history, perhaps the unprecedented step of recalling Benedict XVI to the Chair of St. Peter should also be considered sooner rather than later, before this crisis gets any more out-of-control than it already is.
We have a subset of the documents and they are very voluminous.
Ramadan Jihad 2018 Death Toll So Far Is 218
A police report was filed and a man was fired for stealing the hat and the assault (throwing a drink in a Trump supporter’s face.)
Speaking in Ankara, Turkey, Pompeo offered that support hours after President Donald Trump had mounted an even stronger defense for the Saudi rulers, saying, “Here we go again with you’re guilty until proven innocent.”
Q. What's your opinion on the Citizenship (Amendment) Act 2019 (CAA)? Do you think we needed a better refugee policy than offering selective citizenship?
Now the DOJ is looking into Schaaf.
I'm all for situations like Nikolas Cruz who assaulted teachers and students being arrested and tried and dealt with lawfully, but to go seizing people's property and denying them their liberty base on the hearsay of another person is anti-constitutional and anti-American.
7 – Powell served on a global group alongside Hillary Clinton.
Today, Saudi Arabia is using these weapons to crush starving and stricken people in a genocidal assault on Yemen.
It reminds me of a discussion I had some years ago with the prior of a Benedictine monastery that is attracting a lot of young vocations.
It doesn’t admit that there is a war going on, and treats each act of Islamic terror as if it were a separate and discrete criminal event, unrelated to all the others.
On December 21, 2019, The Hindureported that Indian students are organising a series of protests at the University of Edinburgh in the UK. Both these incidents were overlooked by ANI.
In a sign that the administration is looking to help Saudi Arabia get out of its dilemma, Pompeo urged Americans to be mindful of the extensive energy, economic and security ties between Riyadh and Washington, including efforts against what he called the world’s largest supporter of terrorism, Iran.
ATLANTA — The record-setting prison sentence given to Reality Winner has caught the attention of President Donald Trump, who used it to take another dig at Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
Tlaib’s unitary state would be no different.
FBI Can’t Find Motive of Muslim Who Drove Burning Minivan Onto Travis Air Force Base
The infirmary Carmel was closed due to the difficulty of finding a prioress and other personnel.
I'm not sure if he should have.
“These employees accessed user accounts and computers for offices that did not employ them, without the knowledge and permission of the impacted Member’s office,” it said, adding, “4 of the employees accessed the Democratic Caucus computers 5,735 times.” More than 100 office computers were open to access from people not on the office’s staff, it said.
A virtuoso performance-liar
What is Article 131?
And so the elites who were in charge when the fire broke out, and who failed to respond and refused even to recognize it, and who now denounce Trump for how he is coping with it, are unlikely to be called upon again to lead this republic.
During the entire course of the protest, the government seemed to be in two minds. While their national leader proclaimed the impending implementation of the NRC, the government collectively was saying the opposite in the Parliament. In a way, the pandemic came as a boon for the government’s effort to quash dissent and protest in the world’s largest democracy.
Flake calls Trump "dangerous to our democracy."
In 1764, Charles Messier added M31 to his catalog.
For more on Farrakhan, check out his profile here at Discover the Networks, the Horowitz Freedom Center's resource site of the left.
For for this cause pay ye tribute also: for they are God's ministers, attending continually upon this very thing.
It was not supporting tax cuts, deregulation, conservative judges and justices, or funding a defense second to none.
A 1980 graduate of Gaithersburg High School in Maryland, she said she has held multiple clearances for work done at the Treasury Department, U.S. Mint, IRS, State Department and Justice Department, among other government agencies.
High school students in Newton, Massachusetts in October 2017, according to Fox News, “pretended to be Muslims in the ‘Islamic’ city of Jerusalem as part of a class assignment.” The assignment also included a pro-Palestinian, anti-Israel article.
In West Virginia, it gets even worse.
He corrupted generations of seminarians and priests and Pope Benedict ordered him to withdraw to a life of prayer and penance.” The Pope did not make the slightest comment about those very grave words of mine and did not show any expression of surprise on his face, as if he had already known the matter for some time, and he immediately changed the subject.
Committee Republicans considered the political optics and didn’t relish the prospect of their all-male team of 11 senators questioning a woman so they hired sex-crimes prosecutor Rachel Mitchell of Maricopa County, Arizona, to ask the questions at what promises to be a highly-watched hearing.
Bergoglio Pleads the Fifth
As for the death penalty, it remains the inescapable consequence of our fallen nature and is of the highest utility in deterring us from following our hereditary inclination to evil.
* Yes, military force should be used.
Obviously the world is not a safe space but just accepting that it’s not and continuing to perpetuate the un-safeness of it… is saying that it can’t be changed,” said Jao.
No, keep the military out of it.
A legal transaction
Among the counties in question is Broward, which emerged as the epicenter of controversy as three statewide races and three local legislative races went into recounts following the Nov. 6 elections.
The Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence has filed a Freedom of Information Act request to find out how this senseless decision was reached, and whether groups such as the National Rifle Association were involved.
Emails obtained by WikiLeaks showed correspondence between Schmidt and Clinton, along with a number of Clinton operatives discussing strategy meetings and campaign ideas.
Also, President Trump’s public lecture about Germany not buying natural gas from Russia was aimed at cutting Putin off from hard currency worth tens of billions of dollars and further weakening the Russian economy.
The legislation applies to those who were “forced or compelled to seek shelter in India due to persecution on the ground of religion”. The requirement to stay in India for those belonging to any of these 6 religions for at least 11 years before applying for Indian citizenship has been reduced to five years. Indian citizenship, under present law, is given either to those born in India or if they have resided in the country for a minimum of 11 years.
God will give you the graces to do so.
A Worldwide Network of Corruption, Beginning at the Top
Goldwater lost badly, but the establishment that abandoned him never had its patrimony restored.
Well, it’s been quite a couple of news weeks for the Catholic Church, hey?
“Throughout this process, I’ve been interviewed by the FBI, I’ve done a number of ‘background’ calls directly with the Senate, and yesterday, I answered questions under oath about every topic the Senators and their counsel asked me," Kavanaugh said in a statement that was released by the White House.
Hadeed: You were aware you were changing beneficiary from your father’s spouse to yourself?
Solar Storm Will Strike Earth Tonight, ‘Weak Power Grid Fluctuations’ Possible
The catch, according to Senate investigators, was that neither of the U.S. banks approached by the office of foreign assets control would take on the Iranian currency exchange — in part because of political concerns over the prospect of being found out to have secretly circumvented the remaining ban on U.S. transactions with the Islamic republic.
The whole of Latin America, including Argentina, was well aware of what was happening when this case broke in Chile in 2010, Yore noted, and yet the Pope continues to shrug his shoulders and say he has no information.
“Documents provided to the Committees show foreign actors obtained access to some of Mrs. Clinton’s emails — including at least one email classified ‘Secret,'” the memo says, adding that foreign actors also accessed the private accounts of some Clinton staffers.
As for the nonsensical call to ban armor-piercing bullets, virtually every caliber of bullet, except maybe a .22 can pierce kevlar-based vests, and if you are using .22 magnums, they will even pierce those!
Will the laity step up and reclaim our hijacked Catholic Church?
Orban has tightened the screws on non-government organizations, particularly ones funded by Soros, and attempted to close a prominent Soros-founded university.
Instead of preaching out against sin, they advocate for that which God clearly condemns, thereby making war against God (Micah 3:5), which at length destroys our government, our country and our families.
Steven Hammond is 49 and has served approximately four years in prison.
Our saving grace is that, while Westerners no longer believe in God, they still believe in the Devil.
The burst of sweetness and light coming from Pyongyang just sounds too good to be true.
He says that he “allows himself” to talk like that – but if one dares something, one might win, but one also can perish.
Number of convents: 20 + 1 abroad, Athens
I will address it swiftly and vigorously.
Your passport, along with your mobile phone and any other electronic equipment, was retained until you left, along with your bag and coat.
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Could you give us a feel for the kind of person Julian Assange is?
Swetnick claimed to have been gang-raped at one of these parties in 1982 as a result of consuming a spiked drink that contained “Quaaludes or something similar.” Kavanaugh and his friend Mark Judge were present at the party at which she was raped, she states, but she doesn’t accuse them of participating in it.
Wills doesn’t mention the existence of such interpretations, even to dismiss them.
That distinction has been glossed over in many, many school textbook presentations.
Kirstjen Nielsen (@SecNielsen) November 19, 2018
The Vatican has said it “worked with almost 200 dioceses and religious communities worldwide to raise awareness and to educate people on the need for safeguarding in our homes, parishes, schools, hospitals, and other institutions.”
Invite written questions from the Senate, then schedule one day for the nominee to respond.
However, over the past 54 years, a deluge of information and government officials have come forward showing that most everything the government and the media told Americans about the Gulf of Tonkin was a lie.
The laws all contain an “ex parte” provision that allows the state to temporarily seize a person’s guns without even notifying the gun owner or giving him a chance to be heard.
Grassley said his staff contacted the other individuals who allegedly attended the party at which the conduct Ford complained of allegedly took place: Mark Judge, Patrick Smyth, and Leland Keyser.
What I want to know is why would Louis Farrakhan ever be allowed back inside our borders after such statements?
Incredibly, Swetnick said in a sworn statement that she witnessed gang rapes at these parties but kept on attending them anyway.
Years before I ever lived in Newark, and never imagining that I would be assigned there, I had indeed read — as a somewhat geeky ex-lawyer — an allegation about Cardinal McCarrick in the context of a 2005 lawsuit in the Southern District of New York against Archbishop Myers, Cardinal Eagan, Bishop Hubbard and the Irish Christian Brothers.
Was the pope listening to the commission?
In Venezuela, WikiLeaks released cables which described in great detail how the United States intended to subvert the government of Hugo Chavez.
In case Kim didn’t remember the dire fate of Iraq, Libya, and Syria, Trump’s new national security advisor John Bolton, a fanatic’s fanatic, cheerfully recalled the doom of Libya’s murdered Col. Khadaffi.
From that point on it is Christ who delegates the divine authority to punish by killing, and both Scripture and tradition testify that it is lawfully wielded by those to whom He entrusts the temporal sword in His Kingdom.
Despite President Trump’s Monday order for the “immediate declassification” of sensitive materials related to the Russia investigation, “without redaction,” the agencies involved are planning to do so anyway, according to Bloomberg, citing three people familiar with the matter.
The Middle East has become a land of people who leave their own lands behind.” He cried: “Indifference kills, and we desire to lift up our voices in opposition to this murderous indifference.
Pakistan ‘ate grass’ for decades to afford nuclear weapons to offset the threat from far more powerful India.
Don't say you were not warned, America.
We all know who these noble and courageous individuals are – and some of them are referenced in this article.
Eric Holder sat on it.
Fernando Karadima, of “slander” against Bishop Juan Barros, who the victims say was complicit in a cover up.
Rod Dreher[1] is doing excellent work compiling testimony from priests and others saying out loud at last what many of us had known for many years about McCarrick and his gang.
They do not exist.” And he has also said: “Authentic Islam and the proper reading of the Koran are opposed to every form of violence.”
“They would have nothing to do with it.
Nor does the CAA not cancel any laws of naturalisation.
Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border?
The most reliable politics newsletter.
(Syed Ahmed knew Abid well enough to loan him money, according to bankruptcy documents filed by Abid.)
Khalid was arrested under the stringent Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act (UAPA) in September. The Delhi Police arrested Sharjeel Imam under the same Act on August 25. Imam was booked for allegedly delivering inflammatory speeches against the Citizenship (Amendment) Act and the National Register of Citizens (NRC) in December 2019.
It won’t go into a Mueller Report because Mueller is going to protect these guys.
A Democratic IT aide who alleged that Imran solicited a bribe from him told TheDCNF he believes members of Congress are playing dumb and covering the matter up.
Professor Livio Melina, the former President of the Pontifical John Paul II Institute for Studies on Marriage and the Family, was another speaker at the February 6 conference.
Now, he works on design and engineering projects for an industrial boiler company.
Israel seized upon this to send F-16s to strike the airfield whence the drone originated.
The Kerala government has sought from the apex court that the Citizenship (Amendment) Act, 2019 be declared as violative of Articles 14 (Equality before law), 21 (Right to life and personal liberty) and 25 (Freedom of conscience and free profession, practice, and propagation of religion).
We imported goods "Made in China," while exporting our future.
In Wake Of Elections, Migrant Caravan Resumes March Towards US Border
His office declined repeated inquiries regarding whether the congressman is willing to condemn Farrakhan, and whether he stood by his decision in 2011 to shrug off criticisms of Farrakhan.
Anyone of 12 other kinds of papers, such as land & tenancy records; citizenship papers; passport; Board/University certificate.
To answer this, we need to define who a refugee is. Refugees are defined and protected under international law. The 1951 Refugee Convention defines a refugee as “someone who is unable or unwilling to return to their country of origin owing to a well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race, religion...” Now let us examine the Constitutions of Afghanistan, Pakistan and Bangladesh. Article 2 of Pakistan’s Constitution states “Islam will be the state religion”. The Bangladesh Constitution has an Islamic invocation and Article 2A indicates “state religion of the Republic is Islam”. Similarly, Afghanistan has an explicitly Islamic preamble and Article 2 declares the “sacred religion of Islam is the religion of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan”.
2491), the seal of secrecy is not binding when very grave harm can be avoided only by divulging the truth.
We know that Kazi, with all the propane and gas tanks in his car, was clearly trying to set off a major fire that would kill more people than just himself.
“Altering a form in a manner that provides the incorrect date for a voter to cure a defect … imposes a burden on the voter significant enough to frustrate the voter’s ability to vote,” McVay wrote in a letter that was sent Nov. 9 and released publicly on Tuesday.
Does Berg and the AMA support our military?
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
The report said they decided that the terms of the JCPOA were "consistent with Iran's position, allowing the Government of Iran to engage in 'transfers,' 'foreign exchange (including Rial related transactions),' and the 'purchase or acquisition by the Government of Iran of US bank notes.'"
https://t.co/9g1BSiw8LS — The Columbia Bugle 🇺🇸 (@ColumbiaBugle) July 5, 2018
* Yes, he will be confirmed.
The Left maintains that Islamic jihad terror is not a problem — it’s just a reaction to the evil deeds of the U.S. and Israel.
This timeless truth of human nature is one that we moderns can’t seem to accept.
Hopefully Mexico will stop this onslaught at their Northern Border.
Whatever the leak pipeline looked like, it's good odds that it began with Obama holdovers ensconced in the government.
According to emails, the Oakland Indie Alliance, a group of independent businesses, got a message saying “Important Alert!
* John Bolton Richard Grenell Dina Powell Heather Nauert Ivanka Trump
Christine Blasey Ford’s lawyers are trying to game the system.
“FBI Agent Peter Strzok (on the Mueller team) should have recused himself on day one.
President Trump Orders FBI Investigation Into Kavanaugh Following Democrat Temper Tantrum
The endorsement, first reported in the Forward, calls Davis “a longtime supporter of Israel and a two-state solution.”
It’s not difficult to see through this plan.
Comey acted against the advice of senior Justice Department officials in making these disclosures the way he did.
Nimesh Patel Stand-Up Routine Cut Short Due To Uncomfortable Jokes
Average age: 70,6
“And whether or not it ultimately defeats the nominee it will, I think, help people understand why it’s so important that they vote.”
By the time I arrived in Newark in November 2013, the 2005 and 2007 settlements were apparently considered ancient history.
If we fulfill them, we are united with God.”
Number of nuns: 274
This report was originally published by Tyler Durden at Zero Hedge
How did that work in Libya?
I hear the number the FBI informant is much, much greater, tens of thousands.
Bob Parry was one of Gary Webb’s few supporters in the media.
Pennsylvania’s Supreme Court ruled last month that the report must be released but with some redaction.
Our Constitutions already provide a three year extension of temporary vows if needed, but to make it mandatory will dissuade women from entering.
* Yes, he will be confirmed.
He continued by stating that mass immigration, especially from Africa, “our worst nightmares can come true.
No one pays me to write these blog posts.
The government employee’s symptoms were “very similar and entirely consistent” with those suffered in Cuba, he…
It is not known why some people recover from Ebola while most succumb to the disease.
The anti-Semitic attacker was arrested and placed in police custody and then transferred to the psychiatric infirmary, on the recommendation of the doctor because of his observed state of excitement.
Kavanaugh’s friend, who has not been identified, did not outright deny the woman’s claims but told the New Yorker he has “no recollection of that.”
Halimi’s daughter said following the murder that Traore called her, the daughter, a “dirty Jewess” two years before the killing when they passed each other in the building.
In other words, it is the “intense and fruitful path” of the last few decades of the Church since Vatican II that all monasteries of cloistered, contemplative nuns must now take.
Apparently, the US didn't learn from its first dealings in regime change decades ago and is now prepared to give it another shot, according to leaked documents.
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
The men of Sodom and Gomorrah wanted to perform homosexual gang rape on the two angels, who were disguised as men.
Simultaneously, immigrant displacement of American workers fell, also apparently confirming a trend that began in September.
Since January 2001 the number of non-Hispanics holding jobs has declined by 1.9 million, or by -1.6%.
Where is the AMA statement against the pharmaceutical companies and big government?
He helped to uphold the UnConstitutional Patriot Act which of course paved the way for the Indefinte Detention provisions of the NDAA.
The move comes in the wake of the recent debate over the German bishops' initiative to bless homosexual couples, as well as the controversy over Bishop Andreas Laun's own criticism of it.
The “progressive” destroyer of Ottaviani inheriting his office and the epithet “arch-conservative”…
Meanwhile, Trump took to Twitter early Tuesday morning to note the Department of Justice’s inaction over the fact that disgraced anti-Trump FBI agent Peter Strzok and his mistress were engaged in a “media leak strategy” to plant negative stories which were then used to secure FISA warrants to spy on the Trump campaign.
Security personnel saw flames inside the van, which crashed shortly after going through the gate, Ragan said.
Ravi Nair: A national law for refugees in conformity with international standards would automatically provide a fair determination process that would distinguish between refugees and migrants. An overwhelming majority of the migrants both from Bangladesh and the few that have come from Pakistan are Hindu. Most of them are here for economic and environmental reasons as our extensive research reveals. However, without a transparent determination procedure informed by due process of law making bland declarations about the motivations of each person crossing the border by petty officialdom is not only unfair but difficult. Refugee determination processes must be free of any religious biases. The only criteria should be a well-founded fear of persecution.
take our poll - story continues below
Prime Minister Bibi Netanyahu says a dozen Syrian and Iranian bases and antiaircraft positions were struck.
But unless authorities recover his body or other conclusive evidence of his death, the mystery may remain unsolved.
The CAA offers a legal solution – one that currently does not exist - for future migrants coming from Pakistan and other countries. For the record, the European
In Florida, CAIR is on the offensive (more here).
You, Dicky Durban [sic], are a complete FRAUD.” Ms. Broaddrick also said that if Senate Democrats want the FBI to investigate the 36-year-old accusations against Mr. Kavanaugh, they should reopen her 40-year-old case, too.
Malcolm Turnbull is now the Prime Minister of Australia.
End the trade embargo of North Korea that amounts to high level economic warfare.
Some details and names that might reveal the 300 clergy listed have been redacted from the report.
Why are we enriching and empowering so exorbitantly those whom we are told we may have to fight?
Moreover, because of the globalisation of the bishop-network, a man blackballed for his authentic Catholicity will be a pariah in every diocese in the world.
It also reminds us that so-called “meddling” by Russia in the U.S. is just nonsense.
VATICAN CITY — Pope Francis on Monday asked forgiveness for child abuse crimes and cover-ups within the Catholic Church, admitting that the pain of victims “was long ignored, kept quiet or silenced.”
When predatory gay priests run seminaries, they select on a bias for gay candidates...
While the left is calling for Kavanaugh to be executed over the sex abuse allegations and the right is attacking the alleged victims, others in Congress who see through the facade and media distraction are trying to draw attention to the fact that Kavanaugh is a champion of the police and surveillance state and an enemy to privacy.
Furthermore the principal of Mountain Ridge Middle School Dr.
https://t.co/CjSFJmng7Z — Sen. Patrick Leahy (@SenatorLeahy) August 1, 2018
She describes the nominee as “Brett Kavanaugh, the boy who sexually assaulted me,” and claims “Brett’s assault on me drastically altered my life,” but at the same time acknowledges “Brett did not rape me.”
I responded that this was going about things the wrong way.
Trump To Jeff Sessions: Put An End to Russia Probe - Prosecutors Doing Mueller’s ‘Dirty Work Are A Disgrace’ To America
Senator Patrick Leahy, a Democrat of Vermont, suggested on Twitter that the president’s directive to Sessions in these recent Tweets was, in fact, obstruction.
It is time for the Democrat obstructionists to slink back into their shadowy corner.
And since the official start of the "recovery" in June 2009, Hispanics have gained 416,000 jobs while non-Hispanics have lost 675,000 positions.
In particular, he has always treated women with decency and respect.
Both have further polarized the church on homosexuality, celibacy and whether laypeople should have more power.
She first approached her congresswoman, Anna Eshoo, D-Calif., about the allegations in July shortly after Trump tapped Kavanaugh to replace outgoing Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy.
The Left’s Show Trial for Kavanaugh
Because Republicans fear the backlash from all those women voters who presumably agree with the fundamentalist feminists, and insist that every accusation of sexual assault, no matter how much it’s unsupported by corroborating evidence or even plausibility, must be believed.
“It’s not being rude and insulting to people.
Election Strategy: “You whip ’em up.
The attacks here are motivated by a desire for open borders.
The Citizenship Amendment Bill, 1955 made it mandatory for a person to stay in India for at least 11 years to acquire citizenship naturally, which was later reduced to 6 years, but in the Citizenship (Amendment) Act, 2019, this period reduced to 5 years.
For the entire time we have known Brett Kavanaugh, he has behaved honorably and treated women with respect… Brett attended Georgetown Prep, an all-boys high school in Rockville, Maryland.
These were open meetings that helped us to clarify matters.
It gets weirder.
Whether her work will bring over fence-sitting senators to Kavanaugh’s side remains to be seen.
The administration should stop the State Department from going ahead with this foolhardy move, and Congress should act to plug the loopholes that these guns are designed to take advantage of.
And it was McCarrick who obtained the cardinal’s hat for his roommate of six years, Kevin Farrell, whom he consecrated a bishop.
Becerra has refused to comment, citing an ongoing criminal investigation.
What were the historic blunders?
Should Trump fall, and a restored establishment attempt to reimpose the old policies, there will be a truly uncivil war in this country.
Thousands of U.S. dead, tens of thousands of wounded, trillions of dollars sunk, and a Mideast awash in blood from Afghanistan to Iraq, Libya, Syria and Yemen, with millions uprooted and homeless.
And so far it appears they’re succeeding.
All this in school today because of the articles.
While the establishment continues to push the notion that a couple hundred thousand dollars of ad spends and some Russian bots on Facebook swayed the election to Donald Trump, more proof of real “collusion” between Google and the Hillary Clinton campaign has been uncovered.
The outbreak occurred in Bikoro, on the shores of Lake Tumba.
Fox News reports:
“Incapacity”… Where had I heard that language used before?
Indeed, Frontpage's editor had simply referred to Sahih Bukhari’s texts discussing Mohammed’s marriage to Aisha when she was six years old (7.62.88) and to Qur'anic Suras that mandate the Hijab for women (24:31; 33:59) and sanction sexual slavery (4:3; 33:50).
It's time to jail Mueller and cancel this witch hunt!!!
One odd remark in article 19 is maybe the most succinct description of the direction planned for contemplatives:
The Pennsylvania grand jury report follows the resignation last month of Cardinal Theodore McCarrick, a towering figure in the U.S. church and former D.C. archbishop who was accused of sexually abusing minors and adults for decades.
I said, "Mom, when I was in the rock n roll world doing the things that I was doing, nobody said anything, and no one had a problem with what I was doing, that is until I started to emulate (obey) Jesus Christ" (1 John 2:6).
It is said that the DOJ's recent settlement with start-up company Defense Distributed (DD) essentially deals a death blow to gun control advocates.
Also with the extern sisters.
Democrats’ search and destroy strategy is disgraceful and this process has been a total sham and effort to delay, obstruct, and resist.
We have taught that homosexuality is an abomination, and how it is a felony in every state in our union (Leviticus 18:22; 20:13; Jude 1:7).
* Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker
The irony that a constitutionally ineligible candidate for the presidency and RINO extraordinaire, Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL), pointed out that voter fraud going on in Florida just a day after the elections probably didn't help the pressure that Snipes was facing.
We have a lot of time in the segment so I want to go very slowly here.
The pope has stuck by Barros, dismissing the protesters as “lefties” and hugging Barros publicly during his visit to Chile last month.
We are with you!
That, in turn, will make it much easier to silence Assange and the vital cause he represents: the use of new media to hold to account the old, corporate media and political elites through the imposition of far greater transparency.
All credibility is lost.
TOENSING: Of course, it goes without saying giving the Russians control of the uranium was a national security compromise.
It is almost as if the word “journalism” is becoming blighted.
The Awans’ continued physical access to Becerra’s equipment after red flags emerged enabled the server to disappear after it became evidence, House officials close to the investigation told TheDCNF.
No, keep the military out of it.
She says she is just fine at Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Patel pushed back on the officials’ remarks, and said that while he stood in solidarity with Asian American identities, none of his remarks were offensive, and he was exposing the audience to ideas that would be found “in the real world.” Before he could finish, Patel’s microphone was cut from off-stage, and he proceeded to leave.
Shortly after Carballo’s appointment, it was revealed that the Swiss prosecutor’s office was investigating the money missing from the Friars Minor in connection with drugs, money laundering operations and gun running.
The backdoor tactics and machinations were brilliantly documented by Edward Pentin , Henry Sire, George Neumayr and an array of investigative journalists.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
[Editors' note: To best understand why Facebook would ban Jamie Glazov on 9/11 in the first place, pre-order Jamie's new book, Jihadist Psychopath: How He Is Charming, Seducing, and Devouring Us: HERE.
The teacher today told the students the assignment was optional.
Dr Nafees Ahmad: National Register of Citizens (NRC) in India is not a unique concept in a strict sense. The majority of the European nations are having similar databases for each individual that include a unique identifier, name, and date of birth, gender, sex, addresses, family history, citizenship, and their legal relationships. But the government model of the database should be put in one place and all citizens must have the control and accessibility to their database information from anywhere. NRC with different nomenclatures in the UK, Germany, and Estonia are in operation and in US proof of citizenship is required for many other social security benefits. European nations have been pushing migrants and refugees away from their borders in violation of their human rights commitments. Many countries across the world constructed detention centers like Egypt and Libya has 18 detention centers. However, NRC in India is not needed and NPR is sufficient to fast-track the process of development and NPR will make service delivery efficient, enable the digital economy, and protect the rights of citizens. NPR is bound to provide transparency in governance, control leakages in government expenditure, generate valuable visions for government policies, and ensure that every citizen is counted in all governance process despite the fact that the colonial past of Pakistan and Bangladesh and cultural relationship with Afghanistan has generated a lot of migration-driven tensions in India and it will stay in the future too but watching the watchers (government) will ease and mitigate such a scenario in days ahead.
When she tried to scream, she said, he put his hand over her mouth.
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
The report focuses on $5.7 billion from Iranian oil sales that were frozen in Oman's Bank Muscat in that country's currency, the rial.
The Death Penalty, Instituted by God Himself (The Biblical Basis for Catholic Teaching on Capital Punishment)
None of the foregoing is meant to suggest that the homosexual invasion of the Catholic hierarchy is confined to American prelates and priests.
God made that clear when He told Adam that “in what day soever” he preferred his own will above his Creator’s, “thou shalt die the death,” condemning him sooner or later to “return to the earth out of which thou wast taken: for dust thou art, and to dust thou shalt return” (Gen. 3:19).
"People should be able to live without fear or panic and know their rights and responsibilities as well as their recourses."
Now the government is playing its usual role of being the fifty-first state of the United States.
Worth to mention that Illegal migrants can be imprisoned or deported under the Foreigners Act, 1946 and the Passport (Entry into India) Act, 1920. These two Acts empower the central government to check the entry, exit and residence of foreigners within India.
President Trump and Republicans have just begun scratching the surface of bias against them among Silicon Valley’s elite, including, perhaps foremost alongside Facebook, from Google.
These are the facts.
- Bishop Joseph Strickland of Tyler, Texas has gone so far as to order all the priests in his diocese to read from the pulpit a statement that he finds Viganò’s allegations credible.
Q: No, not a long time ago.
“Every day,” Dr. Barbe added, “physicians are treating suicide victims, victims of domestic partner violence, and men and women simply in the wrong place at the wrong time.
“Judge Kavanaugh showed America exactly why I nominated him[,]” President Trump tweeted at 6:46 p.m. after the hearing wrapped up.
“Of course we will fight, and use ever stronger legal tools.
James Larkin getting the boot in Dublin for upholding Catholic teaching on abortion… I know some people are, to put it bluntly, freaking out.
(Deuteronomy 25:1; Proverbs 17:15) Absolutely not!
On Wednesday, Congressman Matt Gaeetz said video footage shows Honduran women and children were being given cash to join the caravan.
Seventeen people in northwest Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) have died from Ebola, the health ministry said on Tuesday, describing the fresh outbreak as a "public health emergency with international impact."
Days later, some victims begin bleeding through the nose, mouth, and eyes.
Only one fully autonomous functioning Carmel still exists in the Netherlands, and the remains of four entire communities are living in a single care home run by religious brothers.
“There is a silence among many who call themselves left.
Underlying this subjugation is a deep contempt for non-Muslims.
But this comes with a cost and his health is continuing to deteriorate.
“It’s not a call to action,” Mr. Giuliani said, adding that it was a sentiment that Mr. Trump and his lawyers have expressed publicly before.
Pope Francis' sexual abuse commission, hit by resignations and criticism, gets a reboot
Its especial venom has been reserved for leftwing figures like Venezuela’s Hugo Chavez, democratically elected but official enemies of the US, rather than the region’s rightwing authoritarians beloved of Washington.
This would be achieved, they wrote, with threats of “exposure [and] criminal prosecution” and a unrelenting assault on reputation.
My decision to reveal those grave facts was for me the most painful and serious decision that I have ever made in my life.
The most famous of these galaxies is, of course, the Andromeda Galaxy, which gets its name from the large constellation.
Thus we got a second Cold War that need never have begun and that our allies seem content to let us fight alone.
Turns out that the provincial capital of Equateur, Mbandaka, is home to roughly 1M people.
https://t.co/92mOg1XNqu pic.twitter.com/mrQU6HYAgH — #NBC7 San Diego (@nbcsandiego) November 13, 2018
But to say God completely destroyed two cities and all their inhabitants for being inhospitable clearly misses the point.
But it’s unclear whether Grassley has granted Ford any of her preposterous conditions for testifying: She will take questions from the Committee, but not from outside lawyers, who might not be as gentle as politicians with one eye on the polls.
Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back?
Although Ms. Ford believes the alleged incident occurred during the summer of 1982, she “said she does not remember some key details of the incident,” according to the Washington Post article.
‘Silent Donation’: Corporate Emails Reveal Google Executives Tried to Turn Out Latino Voters Who They Thought Would Vote For Clinton
The two cities are home to a combined 12 million people.
“We must not be closed to new things.
Peter Salma, head of emergency response at the World Health Organization (WHO) said last week: “If we see a town of that size infected with Ebola, then we are going to have a major urban outbreak,” adding “We are very concerned, and we are planning for all scenarios, including the worst-case scenario.”
Mr. Horowitz relied in part on opinions from prosecutors that there was not enough evidence to charge Clinton with acting in a manner that rose to a level of criminal gross negligence with respect to sending or receiving e-mails determined to contain classified information.
Immigrants held 16.99% of total jobs in December, a significant drop from November’s 17.16% share.
Patrick J. Buchanan needs no introduction to VDARE.COM readers; his books State of Emergency: The Third World Invasion and Conquest of America, and Suicide of a Superpower: Will America Survive to 2025?
On November 16, 2012, Somali-born Minnesota state Rep. Ilhan Omar (D), who’s currently running for the state’s 5th Congressional District seat, sent out the following tweet:
Federation: France - Toulouse Bordeaux
I wonder how far a white congressman would get saying, "I attended the Klavern, but I don't agree with the KKK's views about black people."
Veteran Korea observers, this writer included, find it hard to believe Kim Jong-un will give up his nuclear weapons, particularly after seeing Trump’s deceit in dealing with Iran and Kadaffi’s murder.
Harant himself shows himself a supporter of blessings for homosexual couples, and he makes here an explicit reference to Amoris Laetitia.
“They interpreted the law in my case to say it was criminal,” Saucier told Fox News, referring to prosecuting authorities in his case, “but they didn’t prosecute Hillary Clinton.
The voice of thy brother’s blood crieth to me from the earth,” and God curses him for his presumption by dooming him to homelessness and unproductive labor.
Then the word “collusion” is quite appropriate.
THIS BAR IS A SAFE SPACE FOR EVERYONE!
In the end, the Senate barely approved his nomination 52 to 48 on October 15, 1991.
“This is Barros present, in the room when the abuse is ongoing with these young minor boys.”
It is openly publishing Goebbels' cartoons and rhetoric against Europes biggest state.
It’s the very reason the governments of the world still exist.
French Authorities Blame Attack by Muslim Shouting, "Allahu Akbar" on "Excitement"
I had in my hand a book in Portuguese that Cardinal O’Malley had sent me for the Pope a few days earlier, telling me “so he could go over his Portuguese before going to Rio for World Youth Day.” I handed it to him immediately, and so freed myself from that extremely disconcerting and embarrassing situation.
Third, faithful to the free trade cult in which they were raised, Republicans championed NAFTA, the WTO, and MFN for China.
To quote Paul VI, then in the depths of his conciliar delirium at the Council’s close:
Awards were lavished and celebrated as if Julian Assange did not exist.
WikiLeaks and 9/11: What if?
So, is the Ebola virus reaching a terrifying enough level that an experimental vaccine is warranted?
He had learnt the Quran by heart.” A Muslim politician from Jordan said that the Islamic State’s “doctrine stems from the Qur’an and Sunnah.”
One of the great attorneys.
How probable is it that a future GOP presidential candidate will revive the Bush-Boehner agenda the party rejected in 2016, run on it, win, and impose it on the party and nation?
Yes, the clever and tyrannical Bergoglio, through his manipulation of synods, footnotes, exhortations, personal phone calls, airplane pressers, and correspondence has nearly completed his task of modernizing the Roman Catholic Church in the past 5 years.
On the same day, The Telegraph published an article covering anti-CAA protest in multiple cities in Europe. The report said, “Multiple protests have taken place in London, New York, Oxford, Leicester, Edinburgh, Birmingham, the Hague and Paris, despite reports of intimidation from right-wing CAA-NRC supporters based in those cities.”
A 55-year-old, Mexican citizen who overstayed a lawful visit to the U.S. by more than 12 years.
Baldisseri notes that the upcoming Synod is to “make the entire Church aware of its important mission to accompany every young person, none excluded.”
It doesn’t have to be this way, and we urge lawmakers to act.”
Then Rep. Davis' office issued a statement disavowing Farrakhan.
On Tehran’s request, Bank Muscat contacted the U.S. Treasury Department’s office of foreign assets control.
Inspector General Michael Horowitz’ report on the FBI’s handling of the Clinton email investigation has finally been released to the public and while it does indeed lambaste former FBI Director James Comey for his terrible judgment and handling of the Clinton investigation, it stops short of blaming it all on politics.
“We felt we had exhausted all prudent measures,” Bundy said in a news conference at the time.
Wilson immediately complied with the order, but there was no way to stop further downloading.
Which is now a hate crime.
Mr. Horowitz wrote that this exchange was “not only indicative of a biased state of mind but, even more seriously, implies a willingness to take official action to impact the presidential candidate’s electoral prospects.” The inspector general questioned whether Strzok’s decision to prioritize the Russia collusion investigation over following up on the Clinton e-mail-related investigative lead discovered on the Weiner laptop was free from bias.
“Many of your viewers may not remember that it never happened and we could very well be treated to something like that in the Gulf.
When the Americans occupied the republics of the Indians, they annihilated millions of human beings.
Needless to say, the Never Trumpers are.
She said she thought that the psychiatric testing, that in 2008 was still all the rage among the houses of her monastery’s federation, was excessive and not helpful.
WikiLeaks’ journalism has covered a universal space and that is the first time this has happened.
Several of the aliens targeted by ERO deportation officers during this operation had prior criminal histories that included driving under the influence, child neglect, child abuse, drug offenses, fraud and larceny.
Mary, Mother of the Church, pray for us!
The U.S. government has been putting extraordinary pressure on Ecuador to end his asylum and top U.S. officials have made it clear that, as soon as they get their hands on him, they will manufacture a reason to put him on trial and put him in prison.
The net result will be heightened polarisation, risk of mass violence and the creation of Muslims as the new ‘untouchables’, disenfranchised in real and symbolic terms, culturally distant, and maligned when they protest for their rights.
In a separate text message to Page, Strzok wrote something cryptic about an “insurance policy” in case Donald Trump got elected.
So let me just make two points.
I want you dead.” Faced with these bafflingly inscrutable statements, the authorities blamed mental illness.
It is worth noting it should be vitally important for a serious publication like the Guardian to ensure its claims are unassailably true – both because Assange’s personal fate rests on their veracity, and because, even more importantly, a fundamental right, the freedom of the press, is at stake.
The memo, addressed to the Committee on House Administration (CHA) and dated Feb. 3, 2017, was recently reviewed and transcribed by The Daily Caller News Foundation.
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
The emerging homosexual clergy scandal is just beginning to unfold.
It signals the end of the contemplative monastic life.
55 Affiliation is configured as a juridical support that must assess whether the inability to manage the life of the autonomous monastery in all its dimensions is only temporary or is irreversible, helping the community of the affiliated monastery to overcome difficulties or to put in place what is necessary to bring about the suppression of this monastery.
With that said, Isn't it funny how things work in this world, it seems like when you do the wrong thing before God and man, somehow people seem to give it a pass.
According to Breitbart, the caravan of migrants that began in Honduras has grown to several thousand people after passing into Guatemala as it heads for the Mexican border.
Yet, given the anti-interventionist and anti-war stance of Trump's winning campaign, and of the Bernie Sanders campaign, U.S. involvement in Middle East wars seems less America's future than it does her past.
A spokesman for Pennsylvania Attorney General Josh Shapiro, who ordered the two-year investigation of Catholic sex abuse, said the Harrisburg diocese had pushed to end the grand jury investigation last year.
Additionally, the State Department recommended anyone traveling to Cuba should “reconsider” their plans.
The Act does not prevent any Muslim who has been or is persecuted for practicing their version of Islam (e.g. the Ahmadis from Afghanistan) from applying for Indian citizenship.
Certainly not Corbyn or Assange, who threaten to disrupt the entrenched neoliberal order that is hurtling us towards climate breakdown and economic collapse.
* John Bolton Richard Grenell Dina Powell Heather Nauert Ivanka Trump
He also claimed that the caravan included criminals.
It's the same reason that he is judging America today (Amos 4:12), He cannot find the righteous in order to spare her (Jeremiah 22:3).
President Donald Trump referenced the Democratic Caucus’ missing server in a tweet.
I ended my memo by repeating to my superiors that I thought it was necessary to intervene as soon as possible by removing the cardinal’s hat from Cardinal McCarrick and that he should be subjected to the sanctions established by the Code of Canon Law, which also provide for reduction to the lay state.
I am sure there are many many others, too, who think alike, but whom I do not know.
Recently the Australian foreign minister, Julie Bishop, traveled with senior officials to London and to Washington and raised the whole matter of Julian.
This was the same Clinton who threatened to “obliterate totally” Iran and, who, as U.S. secretary of State in 2011, was one of the instigators of the invasion and destruction of Libya as a modern state, with the loss of 40,000 lives.
[4] “The same Institute” means the order in question, whether Benedictine, Dominican, Carmelite etc.
“Trump was responding to comments from Vice President Pence that families and local law enforcement should have more tools to report potentially dangerous individuals with weapons.
“Before we went into the General Congregation, a very interesting and influential Italian gentleman came to see me at the Seminary (where else?)
The president also pointed out that Donnelly had opposed tax cuts and joined with his fellow Democrats in attacking and voting against Justice Brett Kavanaugh's confirmation to the Supreme Court.
The JTA's awkward attempt to whitewash the newly revealed CBC anti-Semitism included a claim from the ADL that Rep. Davis had been misquoted.
A third source, who’s familiar with Imran Awan, told TheDCNF that Awan recounted the intervention in the foreign criminal matter and that Awan said it was Wasserman Schultz who intervened.
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Yet, this is what the perverse, modern-day, professing Christians are teaching the sheep in the American Church today.
And now, a US Army Colonel is predicting that another Gulf of Tonkin incident could bring us into war with Iran.
“It’s not possible to eradicate plague, as it is widespread in wildlife rodents outside the sphere of human influence,” Cheng wrote on The Conversation.
These include the European Parliament’s Resolution 2018/2927(RSP) of 15 November 2018 on the human rights situation in Bangladesh, Resolution 2017/2932(RSP) of 14 December 2017 on the situation in Afghanistan and Resolution 2017/2723(RSP) of 15 June 2017 on the human rights situation in Pakistan.
The end result was that we could all join in the liturgy.
Given that the Democrats had made public in advance their intention to derail the hearings and confirmation by any means possible, the timing of both sexual assault charges reeks of premeditated contrivance intended to delay confirmation as long as possible.
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
The missive is signed by Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.), Sen. Mark Warner (D-Va.), who is vice chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.), and Adam Schiff (D-Calif.), who is ranking member of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence.
Rodriguez-Lopez claimed to have previously been a member of, MS-503, a branch of MS-13, a gang that originated in El Salvador and is notorious for extreme violence and bloodshed.
Moreover, the scandalous pack of frauds we currently have in the episcopate is entirely the product of the “arch-conservative” John Paul II and the “Rottweiler” Benedict XVI pontificates.
Maybe Ellison is attempting to pull an Obama.
According to the Vatican, the chosen topic of the 2018 Synod, is an “expression of the Church’s pastoral concern for the young,” and is in continuity with the findings of the two-fold synod on the family and Francis’s post-synodal document Amoris Laetitia.
Now when they saw the boldness of Peter and John, and perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men, they marvelled; and they took knowledge of them, that they had been with Jesus.
Israel uses the same argument to justify its large nuclear arsenal.
The individual, who has not been identified, then walks away while carrying the red hat.
To achieve that and hold onto power the prime minister, 54, has used methods that critics have called authoritarian, and picked fights with EU partners, especially in the West.
The Greatest Comeback:... Patrick J. Buchanan Best Price: $3.13 Buy New $6.00 (as of 08:50 EDT - Details)
Aggiornamento sounds like a Lefebvrist slur.
Sean Ragan, FBI special agent in charge of the Sacramento field office, stated: “We don’t have any nexus of terrorism at this point.
Whatever you might think of Archbishop Lefebvre’s solution over the last few decades, it certainly seems inarguable that the “state of emergency” for which he was preparing has come at last.
take our poll - story continues below Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
The Republican report argues that in pushing for the license to go forward, Obama officials were violating financial and oil-related sanctions imposed on Iran stemming from the seizure of the U.S. Embassy in Tehran in 1979 and trying to give Iran access to the US financial system.
First, it was reported that Ford would answer questions, but only at a closed hearing and only after an FBI investigation had been completed.
Even as office of foreign assets control officials directly “encouraged two U.S. correspondent banks to convert the funds,” the Treasury Department continued to deny it was working to facilitate the currency transaction, said the report, which cites a 2016 letter from the department to Sen. Marco Rubio, Florida Republican, and Sen. Mark Kirk, Illinois Republican, that contended the Obama “administration has not been and is not planning to grant Iran access to the U.S. financial system.”
“Starting with Iraq, and then Syria, Lebanon, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, and finishing off with Iran.”
‘Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now,’ the president tweeted.
Obviously, the first to have been informed of the measures taken by Pope Benedict was McCarrick’s successor in Washington See, Cardinal Donald Wuerl, whose situation is now completely compromised by the recent revelations regarding his behavior as Bishop of Pittsburgh.
And for all those who took the time to keep this story alive and urge people to petition the White House on behalf of the Hammonds, thank you!
Don’t put it on television, but make public a written transcript.
No specifics except to say he was “staring” at people.
“Trust within the faithful and to put in a system that was going to root out the predators.
The Almighty alone can commit power to a man over his fellow men.” Even though they may be unaware of the true source of their power, it is always the duty of legitimate authorities to ensure public order by punishing evil-doers, by death if appropriate.
The law caught up.
I categorically and unequivocally deny the allegation against me by Dr. Ford.
As we saw in Ireland this week, the Purge has started.
CARTER: You have pretty good instincts.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
Why is Assam different?
The difference with WikiLeaks is that it is outside of the establishment and is truly independent.
Bibi and the FDD want to see U.S. power deployed alongside that of Israel, against Iran, Assad and Hezbollah.
As already mentioned, the Cardinal had no difficulty in insistently presenting for the episcopate candidates known to be active homosexuals — I cite only the well-known case of Vincenzo de Mauro, who was appointed Archbishop-Bishop of Vigevano and later removed because he was undermining his seminarians — and in filtering and manipulating the information he conveyed to Pope Benedict.
In this day and age, when Pope Francis is proclaiming, if not Liberty, Equality, and Fraternity, then at least license and ‘choice’ for all, plus the ‘rights’ of women, here our rights are completely taken away.”
The tyrant Ahab called him the troubler of Israel.
.” (Col. 1:26, 24).
In the event of the suppression of a totally extinct monastery, when there are no surviving nuns, unless otherwise provided by the Holy See, the destination of the suppressed monastery's assets, in compliance with canon and civil law, go to the respective higher juridical person, that is, to the Federation of monasteries or to another structure of communion among the monasteries equal to it or to the female monastic Congregation.
This is Columbia.
What comes clear comparing this document to Cor orans is that the Vatican’s machinery has long been at work forcing a uniform and essentially bureaucratic, heavily authoritarian and legalistic vision of contemplative life on anyone who fails sufficiently to resist it.
Another Mexican national was arrested for a DUI, despite having been deported three times and prior convictions for false imprisonment, DUI and battery of a spouse.
And Powell has been on cheerful terms with at least one Obama unmasker.
https://www.gvsd.org/cms/lib/PA01001045/Centricity/Domain/610/World%20Religions.pdf So she decided to use the extra resources for Islam and the school is saying that’s not indoctrination or proselytizing?
In Syria's southeast, another incident a week ago may portend an indefinite U.S. stay in that broken and bleeding country.
These, I might add, are not what we would consider a “traditionalist” community.
Meanwhile, according to a Breitbart report by Allum Bokhari, “By inserting negative search suggestions under the name of a candidate, search engines like Google can shift the opinions of undecided voters by up to 43.4 percent, according to new research by a team at the American Institute for Behavioral Research and Technology and reported exclusively by Breitbart News.”
“I continue to want a hearing as soon as possible, so that I can clear my name," he wrote in a letter.
I ask, where does government get to determine who gets to do whatever at whatever age based on an ambiguous age number?
Influential Roman: Does he have a chance?
See the report here:
©2018 Deutsche Presse-Agentur GmbH (Hamburg, Germany), Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.
They flank us by sending heretics like Arius, Luther, and Hans Kung.
The WHO, however, stopped short of declaring the outbreak a global health emergency.
Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court?
The media has 2 very simple rules for Holocaust analogies.
I ask everyone reading this to pray.
Before the hearing, Kavanaugh met privately with 65 senators, including Feinstein, who didn’t ask him about the allegations when she met with him in August.
They are, in short, our enemies.
And I don’t want to go around insulting people.
So these were some provisions of the Citizenship Amendment Act, 2019 which gives Indian citizenship to illegal migrants of 3 countries.
We are not alone and we will fight together ... and we will succeed."
It went unnoticed in the shouting over his running of CDF, that he had written in 1982, a call for the Church “never to return” to the Syllabus of Errors of Pius IX.
The passage of the Citizenship (Amendment) Act, 2019 in Parliament has led to an unprecedented outrage across the country. What has multiplied people's suspicion about government's motive is the double-speak over the contentious National Register of Citizens. Questions have also been raised over the need of several head count projects such as Census, National Population Register and Aadhar. Political leaders-from the ruling party and Opposition-seeking political mileage have further muddied the water with their half-truths.
Cardinal Theodore McCarrick: Yet Another Fruit of Vatican II
Was Pope John Paul THE GREAT an intolerant homophobe?
I ask, did Moses violate God's principle of submission when he was commanded by God, “Go in unto Pharaoh, and tell him, Thus saith the LORD God of the Hebrews, Let my people go, that they may serve me” (Exodus 9:1).
There’s a “liberal wing” and a “conservative wing” and they’re both Catholic.
“Sundar” presumably refers to Google’s chief executive officer Sundar Pichai, who took the reins of the massive search giant in October 2015.
No, he will not be confirmed.
What has been done: 13 Dutch Carmels and one in Iceland have united in a Federation.
If that is not political, I don't know what is.
Don’t allow yourself to be deceived by the likes of Jihad Al-‘Ayesh.
What are CAA and NRC?
Read the Archbishop’s words for yourselves and note well the ring of truth that resonates in every sentence.
However, no deaths have been reported among those with the disease.
If the Omani bank had allowed the exchange without such a license, it would have violated sanctions that bar Iran from transactions that touch the U.S. financial system.
Abd al-Mumin…the leader of the Almohads after the death of Muhammad ibn Tumart the Mahdi…captured Tlemcen [in the Maghreb] and killed all those who were in it, including the Jews, except those who embraced Islam….
The Senate Judiciary Committee is scheduled to vote on the nomination today at 9:30 a.m.
The post-Vatican Church doesn’t like to come off as a nag.
President Trump did made clear earlier in the week that we must make efforts to differentiate between the people of Iran and its ruling regime.
Still, about one-third of Puerto Rico is without power.
DD, based in Austin, TX, was founded by 25-year-old Cody Wilson in 2013.
After this speech, there was an uprising among the bishops of the preparatory committee who demanded that the schema – that had taken years to develop – be abandoned.
As a result, 58,177 Americans would lose their lives.
The story "is widely overblown," said Jarrett Blanc, the former State Department coordinator for Iran deal implementation at the State Department.
The WHO and World Food Programme are also working to set up an ‘air-bridge’ to help bring in supplies, however, only helicopters can be used until an airfield is cleared to allow larger planes to land, Mr Salama added.
As far as the Roman Curia is concerned, for the moment I will stop here, even if the names of other prelates in the Vatican are well known, even some very close to Pope Francis, such as Cardinal Francesco Coccopalmerio and Archbishop Vincenzo Paglia, who belong to the homosexual current in favor of subverting Catholic doctrine on homosexuality, a current already denounced in 1986 by Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger, then-Prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, in the Letter to the Bishops of the Catholic Church on the Pastoral Care of Homosexual Persons.
I don't remember how I got there.
Indeed, the contemptuous, snickering and roaring laughter of people, as they gaze at the pathetic rules and lives of Sharia’s gatekeepers, poses a danger to tyrants like no other.
Why was he there?
* Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker
Non-Hispanics have lost jobs at twice the rate of Hispanics since the recession hit in December 2007.
There’s nothing in the Constitution that says the Senate’s power to give “advice and consent” to the president regarding his nominee must entail days of televised hearings replete with caterwauling protestors and grandstanding Senators who’ve already made-up their minds.
No, keep the military out of it.
Is this the America Maxine Waters wanted?
We had a long hiatus in which the popes pretended nothing essential had changed, while the institution around them fell to the New Paradigm, until the papacy was the only thing left.
And Abraham drew near, and said, Wilt thou also destroy the righteous with the wicked?
Possible Solutions: It is completely necessary to assume the way of the restructurings, in order to live what is essential, forgetting the numbers.
The Second Amendment Foundation has issued the following press release:
There is no cure for Ebola.
After discarding the “Countering Violent Extremism” absurdity, a concrete Counter-Jihad strategy must become an official policy.
For anyone, especially a Christian, to willingly surrender their means of self-defense is not only a crime against liberty; it is a sin against God.
Given his long experience witnessing the church’s inertia on the issue, Saviano said, he has set his expectations at rock bottom.
Cardinal Marx and also Bishop Bode have now opened up to the idea to offer homosexual couples a blessing.
Please sign and encourage your friends, contacts, and social media associates to do the same.
And in Russia.
The US expelled 15 Cuban diplomats from the US after the alleged acoustic attacks.
In these cases, it is up to the Holy See to evaluate the opportunity of setting up an ad hoc commission formed by the Ordinary, the Federation President, the Federal Assistant, and the Major Superior of the monastery
The dim-witted US ambassador to the UN, Nikki Haley, has become point-woman for hurling warlike threats at North Korea even though this neocon poster-girl’s foreign affairs experience appears to have been limited to the International House of Pancakes in her native South Carolina.
Here’s some footage of that razor wire going up.
This, along with the federal government grab of millions of acres of land during the Obama years, speaks volumes in the government's plan to be able to handle millions of people.
The observation of this particular storm dying out is significant because it’s the very first time one of Neptune’s storms has been observed in such a way.
"WHO will work closely with health authorities and partners to support the national response."
Many parts of a gun can be made on very inexpensive, plastic 3D printers or even from simple machine tools.
He's said it over and over!
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
No one did.
They have only the Novus Ordo Mass and use the new rite Divine Office in their native vernacular language.
But while this internal grumbling took place, mainstream media dutifully reported official statements as if the veracity of the information couldn’t be disputed.
Gun Owners of America has put out their scorecard and for some, it will be eye-opening.
“I have never been contacted by anyone connected to Wikileaks, either directly or indirectly.
That's the really relevant part.
Proving a negative is nearly impossible.
In addition to O’Malley’s return as the panel’s president, Pope Francis named seven returning members and nine new members representing countries around the world, including Brazil, the Netherlands, Ethiopia, and India, according to a statement from the Vatican.
You may opt out at anytime.
No, keep the military out of it.
You may love him for various reasons, you may miss him by contrast, but you may not excuse the responsibility he has.
Trade and finance ministers from Britain, France, Holland and other countries, the head of the International Monetary Fund, as well as CEOs of multiple major companies already had withdrawn in protest, and Mnuchin was under growing pressure to add his name to the list.
While voting and then asking supporters to back that decision with cash is common, the watchdog group, the Foundation for Accountability and Civic Trust (FACT), says asking for money ahead of time crosses the line into vote-buying.
Second – burn them to death.
Continuing South and North Korean peace talks scheduled this week were cancelled by the furious North Koreans.
Historians will look back in amazement at how America's free trade zealots gave away the greatest manufacturing base the world had ever seen, as they quoted approvingly 18th- and 19th-century scribblers whose ideas had done so much to bring down their own country, Great Britain.
This person said without a shred of doubt, we knew in 2009 a year before CFIUS ruled that Thomas were engaged in criminality, without a shadow of a doubt, we knew that Russia was trying to gain a corner on the U.S. market, get a strong hold on our uranium, and without a doubt we knew they were using political levers to try to get their way here.
And it has been done “without fear or favor.” Although there has been a concentration on, say, the release of the Hillary Clinton/Podesta emails, or the Iraq and Afghan war logs, WikiLeaks has released information that people have a right to know across the spectrum.
The World Health Organization (WHO) said on Tuesday that it was taking steps to help deal with a new outbreak of Ebola in the Democratic Republic of Congo's rural northwest, after two cases of the deadly virus were confirmed in the market town of Bikoro.
In his tweets, Trump also quoted criticism of the investigation from Alan Dershowitz, a Harvard Law School professor who frequently defends Trump on television.
President Trump quoted the nation’s most prominent conservative radio host as he urged GOP senators to get onboard Tuesday:
Trump’s 29 percent among Hispanics nationally blew prognosticators away, and he hit even higher numbers—about 31 percent—in the key battleground state of Florida, Murillo admitted.
The virus is handed on by contact with bodily fluids -- touching a sick or dead person is a well-known source of infection.
[Pre-Order Jamie Glazov's new book, Jihadist Psychopath: How He Is Charming, Seducing, and Devouring Us, HERE.]
Regarding Cardinal Sean O’Malley, I would simply say that his latest statements on the McCarrick case are disconcerting, and have totally obscured his transparency and credibility.
Non-Hispanics actually gained ground:
Ebola can often spread to humans from infected bushmeat.
Hitler embodies one type of modern Western annihilation.
For now – at least – overthrowing the Iran government, with its extensive and close ties to the Kremlin, is not official US policy; SSG president Jim Hanson told the Free Beacon that the Trump administration does not want to engage in direct military intervention in Iran – and is instead focusing on other methods of ridding Iran of its “hardline ruling regime.”
The Indian people are now, however, insisting on talking back – judging by the nationwide protests on December 19 and thereafter.
At a rally of 8,500 in Indiana on Friday, Trump encouraged them to go out and vote Republican if they didn't want to be uttering the words "Speaker Pelosi" over the next two years.
Bring them out to us so that we can have sex with them.
As reported by The Washington Times, the recent school shooting at Parkland, Fla., was the last straw for scores of parents.
On May 18, 2018, the Embassy learned that the clinical findings of this evaluation matched mild traumatic brain injury (MTBI),” Jinnie Lee, U.S. Embassy spokesperson in Beijing, told Gizmodo by email.
The FBI is holding a press conference Friday at 3:30 p.m. and will be asking the public for help and any information about Kazi.
But the report from the Republican members of the Senate panel showed that a draft of the license was indeed prepared, though it was never published.
The reason they don't is because they are guilty of what they fail to confront!
Jeremy C. Fox can be reached at jeremy.fox@globe.com
Of course, this kind of bold proclamation is very much in keeping with the habit of this pontificate to simply claim there are no problems and become gravely offended and outraged when the contrary is pointed out.
The Committee caved and moved the date to Thursday.
However, Ford claims she never authorized her July letter to Senator Feinstein to be made public and yet, it was.
When it was needed, this allegation was unleashed and publicly deployed over Dr. Ford's wishes.
Her attorneys stalled for a week before making the announcement that Ms. Ford would testify despite certain “unresolved” issues.
Path taken: Have made a foundation in Albania; however this community is not federated.
FACT asked the Senate ethics committee to probe fundraising emails sent by Ms. Warren, Massachusetts Democrat, and Ms. Harris, California Democrat.
As to Bergoglio in particular, he courageously states openly the truth that so many of his brethren know but fear to speak in public:
Regardless of which process is applied, it is clear that the NRC process has been conceived in a manner that spares Hindus, for the most part, the trouble of proving they are Indian citizens, since the CAA eventually offers pathways to Indian citizenship for them in a way that it does not provide to Muslims.
Present Problems: Only one Carmel functions fully autonomously in the Netherlands.
Trump is “not ever going to become president, right?
take our poll - story continues below
In the final version of the resignation letter, sent to Gov.
In 2016, Francis officially killed the plan to create it, issuing a document that essentially called on using existing procedures to tackle the problem.
Among the documents to be declassified are all of the text messages between disgraced FBI figures Peter Strzok and Lisa Page.
The Best of Eric Margolis
Gilani said after court that her conscience didn’t allow her to settle.
Viganò is unquestionably in a position to know, and claims to know, whether his central allegation that Francis’ was covering for McCarrick, big time, for years, is correct.
“What’s often called political correctness is politeness,” Clinton said.
And since then, as all the poisons that had been lurking for fifty years in the NewChurch mud are busily hatching out, many Catholics want to know why we hear nothing from him?
If you are, and want to meet with him, maybe the four of us can get on t
Do not be afraid!
Apparently the total statistical collapse of the religious life following Vatican II[3] had nothing to do with the massive systemic changes to the forms of that life – always claimed to be “mandated” by “the Council”.
Though we want these legal channels to be established, it must remain clear what the limits of the Federation Council are, in order to avoid abuses of power on the part of the same.” “...The absence of vital autonomy is also noticed when… the same person remains prioress for years.” “...We need criteria that expand number 203 of our Constitutions and clarify vital autonomy.
CARTER: I know it’s true.
“It’s from Eliana Murillo who runs US Hispanic Marketing on my team and who helped found HOLA our Hispanic ERC.”
https://t.co/LwlMGcAL7J pic.twitter.com/RVVO15m2F9 — Helen Branswell (@HelenBranswell) May 14, 2018
(Note that Messier wasn’t always the first to observe the objects in his catalog.)
Since teachers are not allowed to arm themselves to defend their students against the violence often perpetrated at schools simply because they are gun free zones, homeschooling takes care of that problem.
While Judge Kavanaugh weathers these latest accusations, which he adamantly denies, his real test will be on Thursday, assuming that Christine Blasey Ford will follow through on her agreement to testify at an open hearing of the Senate Judiciary Committee.
Although men certainly continued to kill one another in a society which in fact became so wicked "that all the thought of their heart was bent upon evil at all times," they did so as murderers, outside God's law without legal right.
President Trump’s summit Monday with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Helsinki created a firestorm of controversy.
There's an election 2 months away.
Story Continued Below
"One day, one of the killer's sisters pushed my sister down the stairs, and the next time she called her a dirty Jew," he described.
Julian feels very passionately about this.
You may opt out at anytime.
Rare but deadly, the viral disease is most commonly affecting primates and humans.
If it doesn’t horrify us, then we have surrendered something very valuable.
According to church expert John L Allen, an editor at specialized website Crux.com, the Catholic Church has a structural problem when it comes to dealing with cover up accusations.
It promotes neo-liberalism and a delves into cranky identity grievances stories.
The Church, the depositary of the blessing of the New Covenant, signed in the blood of the Lamb, is holy but made up of sinners, as Saint Ambrose wrote: the Church is “immaculata ex maculatis,” she is holy and spotless even though, in her earthly journey, she is made up of men stained with sin.
But we never, ever see Judaism or Christianity or Hinduism or Buddhism taught as fact in public schools, or schoolchildren being forced to make professions of faith in those religions.
Patrick J. Buchanan needs no introduction to VDARE.COM readers; his books
Congo's Health Ministry said two of the five samples it sent to the National Institute of Biological Research in Kinshasa, came back positive for the disease.
US Customs and Border Patrol San Diego tweeted, "The first group of the migrant caravan arrived at the Tijuana border yesterday afternoon.
The Central American migrant caravan has just begun another leg of their journey to the US border hastily reinforced by the Army and Marine Corps.
To see what US intervention—through military support and the support of ‘protesters’—does to countries, one need only look at Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, and Libya to see the horrific death tolls and war-ravaged dystopias left in America’s wake.
John Hancock, the first signer of the Declaration of Independence, said,
First he insulted the abuse victims.
Compared to his other jokes, ones specifically targeting sexual orientation audibly receive less laughter from the crowd.
But he lost at every stage of litigation, including a refusal by the Supreme Court to review a decision that the code could not be published during the course of the lawsuit.
GILLUM ELECTION STRATEGY: "You whip 'em up.
Thus did Paul describe the conciliar “opening to the world” through which the world promptly invaded the Church, including large numbers of homosexuals who should never have been admitted to the seminary.
The grand jury's findings, including allegations against more than 300 priests accused of sexual abuse dating back to 1947, will likely be released this month after the state Supreme Court gave the green light.
Her top role at the NSC represents McMaster’s vision for our approach to Islam.
"If we're ready to vote, we will vote,” Chairman Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) tweeted Tuesday at 6:46 p.m. “If we aren't ready, we won't.”
The left-wing curriculum and common core are also driving parents to remove their children from public schools.
However, ANI “missed” the anti-CAA protests done in other parts of the US, including Washington DC, just a few days before December 25. The Statesmanreported on December 23 that large numbers of people gathered near Mahatma Gandhi statue close to the Indian Embassy in Washington DC, and held a peaceful demonstration against the CAA. This was reported by The Hindu, Business Todayand Times Now Newsas well.
Yore explained that the Pope has been told from the moment he appointed Barros in 2015 that it was a bad decision, between the Chilean bishops’ conference, petitions, letters and calls, that were all ignored.
"We will gather more samples, conduct contact tracing, engage the communities with messages on prevention and control, and put in place methods for improving data collection and sharing," said Dr. Matshidiso Moeti, the WHO's regional director for Africa.
However, it is not clear whether the same shield will be available to Hindus left out of NRC in other states. Even in Assam, it brings up a contradiction. This was raised by Congress MP Kapil Sibal who, in Rajya Sabha, brought up how a Hindu in Assam who is left out of NRC can use the citizenship law as a shield.
And because he saw it pleased the Jews, he proceeded further to take Peter also.
I urge you to order one for yourself and one (at least) for your friends and kinfolk.
As Secretary of State, Clinton approved the biggest arms sale ever — worth $80 billion — to Saudi Arabia, one of her foundation’s principal benefactors.
Before forwarding them to the addressee, so as to handle things properly, I personally gave a copy of them to the Cardinal with an accompanying letter I had written.
Sister T. continued, saying that the document explicitly derogates the founding intentions of St. Teresa for whom real autonomy was a crucial element of her Carmelite reform.
As part of the confirmation process, Kavanaugh endured his sixth background investigation since 1993.
"(T)his is the kind of work the US Government needs to do every day to make our sanctions regimes effective without creating such burdens on allies and partners that they are pushed to work around our financial dominance," Blanc said.
“That individual strongly requested confidentiality, declined to come forward or press the matter further, and I have honored that decision.
Second, the collapse of the Soviet Empire and USSR removed the party's great unifying cause from Eisenhower to Bush I—the Cold War.
At the Angelus on Sunday, August 12, 2018 Pope Francis said these words: “Everyone is guilty for the good he could have done and did not do ...
Time will tell what will take place.
What I know of the settlements I know from the newspapers.
Patrick J. Buchanan needs no introduction to VDARE.COM readers; his books State of Emergency: The Third World Invasion and Conquest of America, and Suicide of a Superpower: Will America Survive to 2025?
True to the left's support for criminality over law and order, Mayor Schaaf declared that she considered it her "duty" to warn criminal illegals in her area.
Democratic Illinois Rep. Danny Davis defended Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan as an “outstanding human being” on Monday.
Can the GOP establishment believe that if Trump falls, or they bring him down, they will inherit the estate and be welcomed home like the Prodigal Son?
Immigrants accounted for 17.36% of total employment in May.
Incredibly, however, Mr. Horowitz’s report “found no persuasive evidence… that the outcome of the investigation would have been different had Clinton been subpoenaed before the grand jury.”
Sixteen-year-old Hunter Richard was wearing a “Make America Great Again” hat while enjoying a calm dinner at a Whataburger in Texas when a stranger, now identified as 30-year-old Kino Jimenez, yanked it off his head and threw a soda in his face.
Are Father Martin and his pals in the episcopacy really so enlightened over every pope, saint, and moral theologian in history?
Through the more than 35 years we have known him, Brett has stood out for his friendship, character, and integrity.
“Under this settlement,” he continued, “the government will draft and pursue regulatory amendments that eliminate ITAR control over the technical information at the center of this case.
The tweet early Wednesday was the president’s most explicit post or statement to date seemingly aimed at getting his attorney general, the nation’s top law enforcement officer, to end the probe
Even when government schools are not intentionally promoting cultural Marxism or other left-wing ideologies, they are still implicitly biased toward big government.
take our poll - story continues below
In 2011, in State of MP vs Union of India, where Madhya Pradesh sought to challenge certain aspects of its reorganisation after bifurcation into Chhattisgarh, the Supreme Court did not accept the plea under Article 131 and rather held that the challenge be under Article 32 (infringement of fundamental rights).
While he is deeply concerned that British people not begin to think that resisting jihad terror means that they are in a “battle” with the “entire religion” of Islam, he appears unaware of the fact that many Muslims throughout history have considered their entire religion to be at war with the entire non-Muslim world.
At his prayer meeting on September 26, 1947, Mahatma Gandhi had categorically stated that all Hindus and Sikhs living in Pakistan were free to come to India if they did not wish to live there. It would be the primary duty of the Indian government to provide them jobs and help them settle down here in a normal way. Prime Minister Modi has done exactly that through the new legislation. Why are protests against it then?
Who did Hitler annihilate?
As Nuncio to Washington, I wrote to Cardinal Parolin asking him if the sanctions imposed on McCarrick by Pope Benedict were still valid.
At the time, Powell – an executive with Goldman Sachs – was pushing a pet project known as 10,000 women, which is ostensibly intended to foster female entrepreneurship.
And Habib Powell was there as a presenter at the Middle East Institute after a speech by the PLO’s Hanan Ashrawi….Dina Habib Powell is a deep part of the Republican establishment.
“Another significant development is the acknowledgement that LGBT people have a desire to be part of the church.
Right,” he tweeted sarcastically.
Implement a Concrete “Countering-Jihad” Strategy.
However, I am willing to say would he would not: Of course, she was part of it!
The galaxy is 9.5 trillion kilometers away from Earth, whereas the Moon is only 384,400 kilometers (238,900 mi) away—that should give you a better understanding of just how big the galaxy really is.
Hours before the public was warned about ICE raids, some Oakland businesses got a head start, thanks to the mayor.
Western Michigan ICE operation nets 16 arrests over 4-day period
Sister writes, “Cloistered nuns have a very full horarium that does not allow for a lot of other things.
They’ve attacked from the front, sending the Roman pagans, French Revolutionaries, and British American secularists.
The world is so much bigger than Farrakhan and the Jewish question and his position on that and so forth.
President Trump is the anti-politician and when Congress continues to behave like this, he only gets more popular.
What would be the argument for returning to a repudiated platform?
You may opt out at anytime.
For example, as Stephen Coughlin has revealed, the “violent extremists” the administration is clearly worried about are the “right-wing Islamophobes” whom the administration obviously considers to be the real threat to American security.
That means nothing.
The media outlet also reported that the Mexican government has sent 500 additional federal police to its border with Guatemala in anticipation of their arrival, according to U.S. government documents obtained by NBC News.
Long before the arrival of Bergoglio in Rome, the successive Vatican Secretaries of State, Angelo Sodano and Tarcisio Bertone, were instrumental in advancing the homosexual corruption of the Novus Ordo establishment.
That is to say, one could not consecrate a brothel, one could not bless a concentration camp or weapons which are not explicitly ordained for hunting or for legitimate self-defense.
Some credit also goes to Jake Tapper at CNN and Glenn Kessler at the Washington Post for a willingness to discuss the subject even when their media outlets didn't want to.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
But after watching a week of post Singapore summit between Great White Father Trump and delinquent Kim Jong-un I must totally agree with the Economist.
Ratzinger: “Oh, there wasn’t a black cassock that fit me.”
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
"We have to stop demonizing people and realize the biggest terror threat in this country is white men, most of them radicalized to the right, and we have to start doing something about them,” Lemon said.
Small wonder that governments with lots to hide feel very threatened.
What did the scripture of Islam tell me about the duty to kill infidels?
* Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker
Saturday Night Live writer and comedian Nimesh Patel was pulled from the stage by event organizers after telling jokes that were criticized as racist and homophobic during his performance at cultureSHOCK: Reclaim, an event held by Columbia Asian American Alliance on Friday night.
“Throughout this period, we did not know about the ranking member's secret evidence.
* Says will counter globalism alongside U.S., UK, Israel
The interviewer pointed out that there is absolutely no evidence in the book to support its claims.
My friend William Binney, probably the world’s greatest expert on electronic surveillance, former Technical Director of the NSA, has stated that it is impossible the DNC servers were hacked, the technical evidence shows it was a download to a directly connected memory stick.
” It was nothing anymore.” Hernandez couldn’t believe what he witnessed from his family’s restaurant just feet from the main gate at Travis Air Force Base — a black SUV exploding seconds after breaching security gates.
Martin thus revels in smug certitude that the future of the universal Church is in the hands of legions of intrinsically disordered homosexual bishops and priests and their homosexual successors, who will perpetuate an existing worldwide homosexual network, and that there is absolutely nothing we can or should do about it.
They say you shouldn’t yell fire in a crowded theater just to get a reaction.
For I rejoice in the Lord.”
However, this hasn’t prevented him from becoming the only Republican to speak out against the real reasons he should not be appointed to Supreme Court.
Number of nuns: 220
We should watch for that, and this is an example of President Trump’s comments on fake news, he should not be sabotage by fake news.”
Its recent fake news story about Paul Manafort, Wikileaks and Julian Assange aptly demonstrates this.
Capitol Police “requested that the shared employees be allowed to continue to use their IT credentials until February [2017] because they didn’t want to tip off the employees,” she said.
Perhaps a hint at the answer comes from La Stampa in 2015 which published some of the memoirs of Silvano Fausti, SJ, who had been confessor and spiritual guide of Cardinal Carlo Maria Martini, the godfather of the “liberal” European Catholic Church, and alleged leader of the “Sankt Gallen Mafia” that Cardinal Danneels admitted conspired for years against Pope Benedict.
As to Bertone and Sodano, Viganò provides further vital testimony:
An estimated five million tonnes of bushmeat is consumed on the continent every year, according to the Centre for International Forestry Research.
Khalidi was the former PLO spokesman at the center of the Obama tape scandal.
But now we have definitive confirmation.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Sufficient of itself to expiate every sin which the children of Adam could ever commit, the execution of the Man-God nevertheless did not abolish the penalty of death.
She's affiliated with the democratic party and the “resist” movement
This theological error, which Bergoglio has exploited to the hilt, is a key element in the related error of papalotry, which elevates the person of the Pope above the office he occupies and makes of him the leader of a personality cult everyone is commanded to “love” (in the superficially emotional sense) and obey no matter what he says or does, rather than a custodian and defender of the Deposit of Faith whose lovability, personality and opinions are utterly irrelevant to the exercise and scope of his office.
He will remember when, at the end of my mission in Washington, he received me at his apartment in Rome in the evening for a long conversation.
National security compromise?
“Companies doing business in Iran face substantial risks, and those risks are even greater as we reimpose nuclear-related sanctions,” said Sigal Mandelker, Treasury Department undersecretary for terrorism and financial intelligence.
My brothers, the implication of this today should be the establishment of an Islamic state over all the lands of the Muslims.”
Dibyesh Anand, Professor of International Relations and Head of the School of Social Sciences, Chair, BME Staff Network, University of Westminster, London
Yet, they fail to confront the issues that needed to be confronted.
The upcoming Synod and its embrace of the “LGBT” lifestyle makes a mockery of the suffering of the clergy victims and justifies the decades-old scandal.
Leaked Doc Reveals White House Planning “Regime Change” In Iran
Far from obliterating the death penalty, however, the Incarnation only laid bare its deepest significance, hidden from the beginning.
McMaster went so far as to claim that devout jihadis were “irreligious.” McMaster forced out superb K.T.
I made it after long reflection and prayer, during months of profound suffering and anguish, during a crescendo of continual news of terrible events, with thousands of innocent victims destroyed and the vocations and lives of young priests and religious disturbed.
“My client is not Deborah Ramirez.”
We hosted an event with over 200 people and a hangout with social media influencers about the power of the Latino vote and the new research Nielsen published about the Latino electorate.
Prosecutors did not challenge the argument before the judge.
I immediately phoned Cardinal Wuerl, who expressed his surprise to me, telling me that he knew nothing about that announcement and that he would cancel it.
The Jews claim that it happened to them alone and that the number of Jews who died in that Holocaust was six million.
"It will be an irrevocable part of political life that guns are downloadable, and we helped to do that."
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
Was he violating God's principles of submission when he was sent to preach repentance to the corrupt church and the corrupt kings?
“I am here today not because I want to be,” Ford says in her opening statement.
Leftwing journalist Glenn Greenwald is no fan of President Trump’s policies, but he simply cannot understand how the leftwing media keeps getting so riled up at everything that Trump does.
The FBI’s spy…
This charade must come to an end.
Well aware of the enormous consequences that my testimony could have, because what I was about to reveal involved the successor of Peter himself, I nonetheless chose to speak in order to protect the Church, and I declare with a clear conscience before God that my testimony is true.
It’s not enough now to go into seminary or a monastery with glowing eyes and a firm faith.
One in a remote office said ‘If you guys do any sort of meetings, I’d love to join virtually.
Three minutes later, a unit of the Anti-Crime Brigade (BAC) — who happened to be patrolling the area — took up position in front of Diara’s door.
In Assam, the NRC update was mandated by the Supreme Court in 2013. Assam has a history that is shaped by migration, and the protests there are against only CAA, not against NRC. The Assam Accord, signed by the governments of Assam and India, and the All Assam Students’ Union (AASU) and the All Assam Gana Sangram Parishad in 1985, after a six-year mass movement, essentially declared that a resident of Assam is an Indian citizen if she could prove her presence, or an ancestor’s presence, in Assam before March 25, 1971. That is the cutoff date for NRC, which CAA extends to December 31, 2014 to non-Muslim migrants from three countries.
Imagine a house of traditional Carmelites attending regional Conference meetings – and attempting to keep up their Office schedule – with the balloons-and-guitars, break dancing Franciscans…What fun!
A solar storm, which occurred Monday, is expected to strike Earth tonight.
Trump has expelled more Russian diplomats and sanctioned more Russian oligarchs than [Obama] has.
The upcoming October 2018 Synod of Bishops guarantees more synodal antics as the doctrinal culmination of the “Who Am I to Judge” mantra and the recantation of Church teaching on homosexuality.
India is the only country where minorities have not faced any discrimination. It is important to mention here that a Muslim from any country in the world can apply for Indian citizenship and get it under its existing citizenship laws. Even the Muslims of Pakistan, Bangladesh and Afghanistan can do that.
With only a skeleton staff left behind, it was difficult to protect the vast buildings and their sumptuous interiors against snow, wind and rain.
That will make for an exciting show on C-SPAN but none of this would be happening if the deep state plot to “stop” Trump had succeeded.
President Donald Trump ordered the feds to declassify documents relating the Russian election meddling investigation yesterday.
A spokesperson for Feinstein declined Fox News’ request to elaborate on the lawmaker’s statement, but there has been much speculation that she is referring to a secret letter that has been the subject of intrigue on Capitol Hill over the last few days.
HANNITY: Explain CFIUS, 13 agencies, I am sorry 9 agencies approving the deal that gave control of uranium one to the bad actor, hostile regime, Putin Russia.
House investigators briefed her extensively with significant evidence about Awan and his family, including improper computer evidence.
The silence of what used to be the noble profession of journalism is deafening.
Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border?
Within days of the gun file being uploaded, the Obama State Department served Wilson with a letter threatening criminal prosecution for violating federal export controls.
Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
What is Ebola?
It will also help LGBT Catholics feel more at home in what is, after all, their church.”
Two individuals illegally re-entered the country after deportation.
Stop Comparing Immigration Enforcement to the Holocaust
Ever since Adam and Eve committed the Original Sin, every living creature is subject to it.
“‘Allow due process so no one’s rights are trampled, but the ability to go to court, obtain an order and then collect not only the firearms but any weapons,’ Pence said.
This was even admitted by General Wesley Clark, former Supreme Allied Commander of NATO, that the U.S. planned on going to war with Iran, according to a 2001 memo from the U.S. Secretary of Defense.
Some of the men now coming forward with complaints against McCarrick, who left the priesthood over their experiences, have gone on to have normal, healthy working lives.
Yesterday's New York Times recognized Trump's triumph:
Within two weeks of the ex parte hearing, a hearing with the gun owner present must occur; the purpose is to put in place a long-term confiscation order.
To quote Cajetan again: “Indeed the Church has the right to separate herself from an heretical pope according to divine law.
But Gregory III should have understood, since he was a major part of the problem.
Authentic autonomy, independence of formation and finances, “are essential points of our charism that Our Holy Mother established and to do away with them is to do away with the charism.”
Clearly wants to get going.
President Donald Trump took to Twitter Wednesday to call on his Attorney General Jeff Sessions to shut down special counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election.
Unidentified “adult friends.”)
Kavanaugh answered almost 1,300 written questions senators submitted after the hearing.
President Trump ordered that the relevant documents be released by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI) and the Justice Department “[a]t the request of a number of committees of Congress, and for reasons of transparency,” read a statement issued by White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
Fourth – tear down a wall on them so they die under that.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Yet, you do not see any warfare or opposition around them and why?
Bank fraud does not explain why the Awans were kicked off the House network concurrent with the urgent memo, which did not cite bank fraud.
They point to the Nashville Dominicans, the Missionaries of Charity, the Poor Clares of Alabama, where there are at least habits, (some) chant, common life and common apostolates.
However, audience member Elle Ferguson, BC ‘22, said that while comedians can push the boundaries of social culture, she had heard similar jokes before and did not find them offensive.
“He is just looking for attention and doesn’t want people to look at his past record and relationships - a total low-life!”
We’ll stop it,” Strzok responded…
Hispanic employment: down 85,000 (-0.42 percent)
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Similarly, the Guardian worked tirelessly to promote Clinton and undermine Sanders in the 2016 Democratic nomination process – another reason the paper has been so assiduous in promoting the idea that Assange, aided by Russia, was determined to promote Trump over Clinton for the presidency.
The allegation went public last week after Ms. Feinstein, ranking Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, said she received a letter about the incident in late July and referred the matter to federal authorities a week ago.
This college, apparently, waives much of the tuition and gives work studies to people going for the priesthood and religious life so they can avoid the student loan trap.
Iranian officials, in a first, have admitted to facilitating the 9/11 terrorist attacks in the U.S. by secretly aiding the free travel of al Qaeda operatives who eventually went on to fly commercial airliners into the Twin Towers in New York City, according to new remarks from a senior Iranian official.
Kirstjen Nielsen (@SecNielsen) November 14, 2018
take our poll - story continues below
Converts to the prevailing conciliar religion and its “New Pentecost” would in fact argue in this wise, perhaps citing the Council’s famous declaration in Gaudium et Spes that, “Thanks to the experience of past ages ...the nature of man himself is more clearly revealed and new roads to truth are opened,” and the world now has “a keener awareness of human dignity” ( 44, 73).
Randy Credico: People sometimes forget that, apart from being a journalist, Julian Assange is a human being.
Yet, when you begin to do the right things and obey God and love man according to the Word of God, all of a sudden, the world acts like you're doing something wrong.
The Democrats have called upon the Senate to postpone the vote on Kavanaugh.
Adam Warren, CC ‘22, was in the audience Friday night.
The contrast with the Watergate investigation and hearings is startling.
One could readily point to the evidence that a faction that included Bergoglio himself had agreed upon his election before the conclave, and that all those involved, including Bergoglio, were thereby excommunicated latae sententiae in accordance with Article 81 of John Paul II’s Universi Dominici Gregis, which provides:
And how many other evil pastors is Francis still continuing to prop up in their active destruction of the Church!
The Hammonds are multi-generation cattle ranchers in Oregon imprisoned in connection with a fire that leaked onto a small portion of neighboring public grazing land.
Roughly speaking there is a 4-to-4 liberal to conservative ideological split on the court.
Faithfully yours in the Lord,
Isidore D’Silva had prepared a booklet with the liturgy for each day.
Image: US secretary of state Mike Pompeo is set to meet with Chinese foreign minister Wang Yi on Wednesday
Trump is already reportedly under investigation for potential obstruction of the Russia probe led by special counsel Robert S. Mueller III.
“I do think that over the coming days and weeks there will be a strategy that will emerge, and I think it’s possible that strategy might ultimately defeat the nominee,” Seidman said in audio that was recorded by the Republican National Committee’s War Room.
Father Christoph Simonsen (Diocese of Aachen) says that he has blessed 50 couples in the last fifteen years; Father Siegfried Modenbach (Archdiocese of Paderborn) has blessed two homosexual couples in the last years.
They are predominantly young men, there are few woman and children that make up the mass of the thousands that will overtake the border.
Julian has been vindicated in every possible way and yet he is isolated as few people are these days.
According to Carlson:
This willful ignorance leads to a diversion and waste of resources that is astronomical and catastrophic.
No, you can't act like a child and keep your pass.
About which of half a dozen wars were they right?
This provocation was the first of two major spring military exercises planned by the US and its reluctant South Korean satrap.
She alleges Kavanaugh and a friend of his, both of whom had been drinking, cornered her in a room and turned up the music to blur out the sound of her protests.
It must be rooted out and again considered unacceptable.
Did commission members persevere?
Article posted with permission from Sons Of Liberty Media
We must no longer subsidize the malpractice of the architects of ruin.
In fact, the word “autonomy” is the key to understanding this whole thing.
He ignores the fact that some Islamic authorities see this passage as calling for nothing less than unlimited warfare against non-Muslims.
American Raj: Liberati... Eric Margolis Best Price: $5.99 Buy New $45.86 (as of 09:30 EDT - Details) Trump’s objectives, at least initially, were to crush North Korea and the threats it could pose to the United States and its regional allies Japan and South Korea.
The ban included any “intermediary” transactions by U.S. banks to convert currency for Iran — a development that would have elevated the value of the Iranian assets on the global market and allowed Tehran to more easily move the money through the international banking system.
“The message they were trying to send with the event was opposite to the jokes he was making, and using people’s ethnicity as the crux of his jokes could be funny but still offensive...He definitely wasn’t the most crass comedian I’ve ever heard but for the event it was inappropriate,” Warren said.
“Outbreaks, generally, are managed reactively by ‘firefighting teams’, deployed to clear houses of fleas, identify and treat cases and give pre-emptive treatment to contacts at risk.
War at the Top of the ... Eric Margolis Best Price: $2.60 Buy New $24.57 (as of 09:00 EDT - Details)
But while Israel's interests are clear, what would be the U.S. vital interest?
It’s worth remembering what happened in the case of a German men’s monastery in which the superior tried to return the community to pre-Vatican II practices.
It’s the new third rail of American politics, one that transcends party affiliation.
She is calling for an Israeli/Palestinian state that would not be a Jewish State or a homeland for the Jewish people, but a federation in which Palestinians would soon overwhelm Jews demographically.
Left-wingers such as Hillary Clinton and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) echoed Ford’s demand.
Obviously, he is incredibly resilient.
Ms. Ford : I'm not exactly sure.
Allahu Akbar usually means motive unknown.
* PM Orban faces elections on April 8, leads all polls
Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf tweeted out an impending warning of the four-day raid last week, alerting targeted individuals to the imminent arrests, and infuriating Immigrations and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officials, who say that many more could have been caught if they hadn't been warned.
This was precisely what he’d been saying when he was cardinal and archbishop in Buenos Aires, she said, that no one ever came forward with information, and there were never any cases of clerical abuse in the entirety of the two-million-plus member Archdiocese of Buenos Aires.
Herridge reports that the House committee memo once again raises this same issue: “Officials from both agencies have created a perception they misinterpreted the Espionage Act by stating Secretary Clinton lacked the requisite ‘intent’ for charges to be filed,” the memo says, before pointing to statements by Comey that indicated a belief that intent was required — which the memo says ignored “meaningful aspects” of the law.
On August 5, 1964, the New York Times reported, “President Johnson has ordered retaliatory action against gunboats and ‘certain supporting facilities in North Vietnam’ after renewed attacks against American destroyers in the Gulf of Tonkin.” Additional outlets, such as the Washington Post, echoed this claim.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Bush, the crusades for democracy of Bush II — failed, and are seen as having failed.
They became involved in socialist politics.
That GOP was dedicated to free trade, open borders, amnesty and using U.S. power to punish aggressors and "end tyranny in our world."
Rather, the 1960s rejection of celibacy in the seminaries naturally provided more (shall we say) opportunities for gay men – given that there are, of course, no women in Catholic seminaries.
According to the mayors:
The death toll has reached 26 and the vaccine will be rolled out at Mbandaka, the north-western city of 1.2 million recently struck by the outbreak.
Yet, as the Pennsylvania grand jury report documents, Wuerl assisted McCarrick in the coverup of his crimes and now brazenly lies about it.
But that might be one of the so-called “wretched deals” that are being offered Assange.
This is encouraging news.
Saturday Night Live writer and comedian Nimesh Patel was pulled from the stage by event organizers after telling jokes that were criticized as racist and homophobic during his performance at cultureSHOCK: Reclaim, an event held by Columbia Asian American Alliance on Friday night.
This is not easy; the U.S. Constitution protects publishers, journalists and whistleblowers.
As a person, Julian is an extremely interesting man.
More than just federations; a multi-tier system of control
Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer
But Rep. Danny Davis had defended Farrakhan.
"The action plan prepared by the health ministry has been approved," an official statement released after a cabinet meeting said.
The suspect in the alleged murder of a Jewish physician in Paris was not responsible for his actions, a second psychiatric evaluation has determined, contradicting an earlier assessment.
Unemployment is a case in point.
Employment Status by Nativity, May 2017- May 2018 (numbers in 1000s; not seasonally adjusted) May-17 May-18 Change % Change Foreign born, 16 years and older Civilian population 41,390 42,732 1,342 3.24% Civilian labor force 27,315 27,923 608 2.23% Participation rate (%) 66.0 65.3 -0.7 pts.
How's that for hypocrisy?
Even though the number of those infected has dropped in recent weeks, the plague will never truly be gone.
In the 2002-2003 outbreak, 90% of those infected died.
The men of Sodom and Gomorrah were certainly being inhospitable.
The Sun-Sentinel reports:
The Guardian is only one of many which peddle smears and disinformation about the 'enemies' of the ruling 'western interests'.
Needless to say, not all gay priests are violent predators like McCarrick.
What is the Constitutional provision and how does it work?
She should be ready for prison bars after the fiasco she has created.
Witness: Muslim Democrat IT Aide Awan Wiretapped Her, Then Bank Account She Controlled Was Drained
Whence the bracketed interpolation “at the shrine”?
The New York Times’ Ross Douthat is among those who are starting to ask these kinds of questions.
How can we know?
REMNANT COMMENT: We here at The Remnant are always eager to promote the home-schooling movement, and this report helps illustrate why.
McMaster is remaking it to match Jeb Bush’s vision.”
https://law.justia.com/cases/federal/appellate-courts/cadc/15-5307/15-5307-2015-11-20.htmlLong story short, #Kavanaugh is not a friend to civil liberties or the Constitution.
The notorious lavender mafia anxiously sought a simpatico Pope to advance its reformist homosexual agenda.
The team will consist of a president and vice-president who are members of one of the convents, appointed to functions, and of three people who are members, or not, of one of the convents.
If there were only four boys there, who were the other two?
The Left and Islamists engage in propaganda 24/7.
The NRC serves to produce several far-reaching social effects. From BJP’s vantage, the NRC promises to have a profound impact on the consolidation of a Hindu identity that transcends caste divisions. History suggests that large-scale social engineering policies targeting a minority have a tendency to reinforce majoritarian identities.
In 1949 he was sentenced to life in a show trial that generated worldwide condemnation.
It belonged to the Iranian government but was frozen and not paid since 1979.” Indeed, and there was a reason for that: not even Jimmy Carter, who made the Islamic Republic of Iran possible, thought that money, which had been paid by the Shah’s government in a canceled arms deal, belonged to the mullahs who overthrew the Shah.
It is known that Sodano tried to cover up the Father Maciel scandal to the end.
Another piece of good news, quite possibly connected to the shrinking of the immigrant working age population, caught our eye: The unemployment rate for black Americans fell to 6.8% in December , the lowest level since the Labor Department began tracking the figure in 1972.
In that lengthy process, a variety of commissioning editors, lawyers, backbench editors and the editor herself, Kath Viner, would normally insist on cuts to anything that could not be rigorously defended and corroborated.
He feels very strongly about the moral basis of WikiLeaks.
As with everyone else the moment of death ushers them either into heaven, hell or purgatory.
Its superior had made the fatal error of openly declaring – in 2008, after the publication of Summorum Pontificum – that the monastery’s problems all began when it adopted the new liturgical rites and implemented the trends of all religious after Vatican II, and that clearly the solution was to go back to pre-conciliar ways.
In a letter to the Australian prime minister, Malcolm Turnbull, Julian’s father, John Shipton, wrote: “I ask the prime minister to do all within his power to return Julian home before Julian’s situation becomes an irreversible tragedy.” That is why this is such an urgent case of justice toward a single human being as well as a case of a journalistic organization’s right to function and our right to have the information it provides.
Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved.
But Peter and John answered and said unto them, Whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye.
And it will pave the way for the US legal system to lock Assange up for a very long time.
I don’t want to paint with a broad brush every immigrant is this, every African-American is that, every, you know, other person with different religious beliefs or whatever – that’s childish.”
The very intensity and nastiness of former CIA Director Brennan and former Director of National Intelligence Clapper is an attempt to distract attention from their failure to protect America.
“A nice simple system that works.”
Pope admits Catholic Church has ‘long ignored’ problem of child abuse
Ramirez claims Kavanaugh exposed himself to her and brushed his genitals against her.
We won’t be seeing anything near the same bravado with people scaling up and over this one.
Remember this is like peeling back an onion.
And the Pope, in a very different, friendly, almost affectionate tone, said to me: “Yes, the Bishops in the United States must not be ideologized, they must not be right-wing like the Archbishop of Philadelphia, (the Pope did not give me the name of the Archbishop) they must be shepherds; and they must not be left-wing — and he added, raising both arms — and when I say left-wing I mean homosexual.” Of course, the logic of the correlation between being left-wing and being homosexual escaped me, but I added nothing else.
The IG did confirm that Peter Strzok and Lisa Page worked on the Clinton investigation, the Russia and the Mueller team.
take our poll - story continues below
Dear Cardinal Marx and dear Bishop Bode, there is only one Catholic answer: No!
Vultum dei quaerere made it clear that this juridical document would provide a set of legal criteria by which a monastery can be considered viable, religious life worthy of life, so to speak, and that those considered to have failed the test would be closed.
And do the police have any interest in this?
Not surprisingly, Baldisseri never once mentions that dreaded word, dogma in the Instrumentum Laboris, but effuses about accompaniment 136 times!
It would take only three nuclear weapons to shatter Japan and just two to cripple South Korea, not to mention polluting the globe with radioactive dust and contaminating North Asia’s water sources.
Remember that influential Roman gentleman friend of McCarrick who said that Bergoglio could reform the Church in 5 years?
Knowing, however, that this lawsuit was completely dismissed by the state and federal courts, I never gave the particular allegation about Cardinal McCarrick any credence.
Though House officials suspected that equipment was being stolen, the Capitol Police did not search their homes, The Daily Caller News Foundation learned, and did not ban them from the network until nearly a year later.
Let me explain how the combined threat of CAA and NRC could play out. Currently there are four ways to become an Indian citizen: birth, descent, registration and naturalisation. The Citizenship Bill of 1955 does not allow illegal migrants to acquire citizenship but the recent amendment allows non-Muslim minorities escaping persecution from three countries to do so.
Tom Clancy novels but isn’t borne out by the facts.
Florida should be called and called now unless the GOP wants to Florida and Georgia stolen the way they are stealing House seats.
“I was like, ‘Whoa!
I described this recently as “Vichy journalism,” a term which now fits so much of the mainstream media.
The government employee experienced the symptoms from late 2017 until April of 2018, according to the U.S. State Department.
Broward County Election Supervisor Brenda Snipes Resigns Amid Florida Voter Fraud
On Tuesday, the government of the Democratic Republic of Congo announced an outbreak of Ebola hemorrhagic fever, a deadly virus that causes severe bleeding and organ failure, among other unpleasant symptoms.
It dwells deep in our hearts – each and every one of us.
Cypherpunks: Freedom a... Julian Assange Best Price: $3.04 Buy New $9.55 (as of 06:45 EDT - Details)
Is this why he resigned?
The Catholic Church's new-found "climate of tolerance" is exactly what McCarrick and company are counting on!
But at least it was just a good old-fashioned attempt at Borking.
Some people who have recovered from Ebola have developed long-term complications, such as joint and vision problems.
While Democrats appeared stunned, specifically self-professed sexual assaulter Cory Booker and Kamila Harris, that they were in the minority and couldn't control things despite eight years under the Obama regime where Republicans were subjected to far worse, the vote carried and Kavanaugh will be voted on in the US Senate.
Even aside from its decade-long campaign against Assange, the Guardian is far from “solid and reliable”, as Greenwald claims.
I can assure you that I would never have allowed that to happen if I had any reason to know or even suspect the things that have been reported in the newspapers this past month.
And that’s why, before 2019, we here will celebrate in Tehran!”
We reflexively assume that a rational accommodation or concessions will be reciprocated by those proven to be ready to use any means necessary to achieve their aims, no matter how amoral, unfair, or vicious.
The Guardian provides none of that.”
Advocate for schools to remain gun-free zones except for school-sanctioned activities and professional law enforcement officials.
The state department has issued a health alert to its staff in China, which states: "While in China, if you experience any unusual acute auditory or sensory phenomena accompanied by unusual sounds or piercing noises, do not attempt to locate their source.
In Trump's first year, China's trade surplus with the United States hit $375 billion.
Having said that, gun owners can’t make informed choices if they don’t know who the pro-gun candidates are.
His lawyer, Ronald Daigle, told Fox News on Monday that the lawsuit, which he expects to file soon in Manhattan, will name the U.S. Department of Justice, former FBI Director James Comey and former President Barack Obama as defendants, among others.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
Defining the Wicked…
Was Hunt referring to a deal which has already been done with the United States on extradition?
End The Korean War!
But Gowen made copies,” the source, who’s familiar with The Awans, told TheDCNF.
(RELATED: Becerra Tried To Block Awan From House Democratic Caucus Server, But Logins Continued; He Didn’t Go To Cops)
Textbook Definition of Bias'
The document, compiled by the Senate’s Republican-led chief investigative subcommittee, began circulating Tuesday, just as the Trump administration issued its harshest warnings to date to foreign governments and companies to avoid doing business with Iran or find themselves in the crosshairs of Washington’s reimposition of sanctions as part of Mr. Trump’s withdrawal from the nuclear deal.
Patrick J. Buchanan is the author of
“If there was ever a swamp in Washington you are looking at it — the foreign policy establishment — they are working overtime to ensnare the president in a mess in Iran,” Carlson said.
More damaging footage includes Democratic operatives explaining Gillum’s positions on gun control and indicating he would support banning AR-15 rifles.
He says he’s met with HRC” and adds that “FYI.
In other words, Trump has not even begun to repair the damage done by eight years of Obama.
Yes, that’s what it said.
He did not know the specific location of Barbieri’s house and said that American authorities will provide details on the arrest next week.
Republicans sought to tie up some loose threads.
because they have simply forsaken the cross.
Afraid of their own shadows, committee Republicans didn’t relish the prospect of their all-male team of 11 senators questioning a woman so they hired sex-crimes prosecutor Rachel Mitchell of Maricopa County, Arizona, to examine Ford.
Hundreds of Priests Accused in Pennsylvania, Church of Accompaniment in Crisis
The faith aspects and the same considerations were not given to the others as they were for Islam.
When Cain complains that being a “vagabond .
Chinmay Tumbe: We already have a count of our residents through the Census. We spent thousands of crores of rupees and a decade to get the Aadhar card, for welfare purposes. The current NPR is not the same as the earlier NPR because of many additional questions, including those of parents, which imply it could be used for citizenship tests. In fact, its origin flows from the Citizenship 2003 rules. Overall, there is no need for an All-India NPR that asks for more documents. Studies in the US show that this additional information is not only burdensome but also induces errors and omissions in the actual Census, if the two are tied.
These characters are closely associated with individuals belonging in particular to the deviated wing of the Society of Jesus, unfortunately today a majority, which had already been a cause of serious concern to Paul VI and subsequent pontiffs.
“Joseph Ratzinger, an expert at the Council, was also the private secretary of Card.
In fact, investigators should interview everyone else at the party.
These four overweight, obviously ill-trained young men manhandling Ray, who is 78 years old.
Half of South Korea’s capitol, Seoul, is within range of North Korean heavy artillery and rocket batteries dug into the so-called Demilitarized Zone.
Instead, thousands of matchbooks, posters, and other material – printed at taxpayer expense and translated into Urdu, Pashto, and other local languages – remained “impounded” on American Embassy grounds from 2002 to 2004, according to Rep. Mark Kirk, Republican of Illinois.
* Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker
The Pinarayi Vijayan-led LDF government in Kerala, on Tuesday, moved the Supreme Court against the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA), a first by any state government. They sought that it be declared as violative of the basic structure—principle of equality, freedom and secularism. The Kerala Assembly was also the first in the country to pass a resolution against the Act.
Remnant readers may recall that I spotted Cupich back in 2002, when he was the obscure Bishop of Rapid City, South Dakota, as an example of what was coming in the Novus Ordo: accelerated degeneration.
Local survivors of abuse greeted the announcement warily, hopeful that there could be positive change in the church but saying the panel accomplished little under its first three-year mandate.
You may opt out at anytime.
Obama Was Never As Tough On Russia As Trump
I'm sure Patel felt very, like, accepted.
Women everywhere should be furious.
Not only did the drone bring devastating Israeli reprisals against Syria and embarrass Iran's ally Russia, it brought attacks on Russian-provided and possibly Russian-manned air defenses.
Click below to Subscribe to The Remnant's YouTube channel!
War at the Top of the ... Eric Margolis Best Price: $2.60 Buy New $24.57 (as of 09:00 EDT - Details)
Last January, parents filed a federal complaint against Chatham Middle School in Chatham, New Jersey, for forcing students to watch videos that proselytized for Islam.
They must be shepherds!”Of course I was not in a position to ask for explanations about the meaning of his words and the aggressive way in which he had upbraided me.
), that he “has a history” of “innuendo and conspiracy theories” (a gratuitous assertion unsupported by evidence of falsity), that he allegedly quashed an investigation of Archbishop John Nienstedt and ordered evidence destroyed (an allegation Viganò has immediately and categorically denied with conclusive supporting documents, but in any event a tuo quoque fallacy) and that Allen has “the impression that all this was orchestrated with a political agenda in mind” (the same “conspiracy theory” mentality he gratuitously attributes to Viganò).
For rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil.
That's a good attitude considering he has had his cars repossessed and is in a tremendous amount of debt due to his incarceration and now having a felony on his record.
That’s Leftist Privilege.
When will something be done about these tech and social media companies?
Average age: 65
That will allow Defense Distributed and SAF to publish information about 3-D technology.” The Second Amendment Foundation (www.saf.org) is the nation’s oldest and largest tax-exempt education, research, publishing and legal action group focusing on the Constitutional right and heritage to privately own and possess firearms.
The congressman wasn’t sure why the ADL wrote that he had been misquoted in his praise for the anti-Semite, and said he wasn’t sure if someone from his office had told the ADL he was misquoted, he told The Daily Caller News Foundation on Sunday.
Los Angeles Times
If this growth rate persists, it portends a doubling in 22 years.
On top of that, the criminal mayors want to institute red flag laws.
This could be a great mercy for them as well as for society, both in terms of expiation and protection from any future crimes they might have perpetrated.
And in 2020, The Trumpinator is gonna do it again.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
He has also lashed out at Obama officials, saying that his prosecution was politically motivated, prompted by sensitivity about classified information amid the scandal involving Clinton’s emails.
Immediately upon learning of the altercation, the bar announced that it had fired Jimenez because they believed such behavior was immoral, uncalled for, and not in keeping with Rumble’s welcoming personality.
Too many government schools are more concerned with promoting political correctness than ensuring that students receive a good education.
This is a work on which we can never rest in our vigilance, nor our efforts to improve.
A TIE .
Ford, who claims Kavanaugh tried to rape her decades ago when he was a high school student, appeared before the Senate Judiciary Committee for several hours Thursday.
They were all aware by reason of their office of the sanctions imposed by Pope Benedict on McCarrick.
In a team effort with Cardinal Rodriguez Maradiaga, he had become the kingmaker for appointments in the Curia and the United States, and the most listened to advisor in the Vatican for relations with the Obama administration.
We can overlook the fig leaf “whether Francis knows it or not…”.
A tale of controlled, systematized extinction.
Keeping quiet has allowed the great atrocities of histories to take place.
The idea that man is by nature good and perfectible is allowed to override all documented evidence that hardened criminals are in fact almost impossible to rehabilitate and that those handed life sentences rarely repent of their wrongdoing.
Some members are themselves survivors of abuse, according to the statement, but they were not identified to protect their privacy.
At the Hammonds’ original sentencing, the judge noted that they are respected in the community and that imposing the mandatory minimum, 5-year prison sentence would “shock the conscience” and be “grossly disproportionate to the severity” of their conduct.
Population of Mbandaka = 1.2 million.
Democrats want to delay this vote until after the midterms because they believe they have a chance to retake the Senate as well as the House.
One hopes the rumor mill is wrong.
But they won’t stop trying, either.
Completing this poll grants you access to Truth Uncensored updates free of charge.
You may opt out at anytime.
Not even from the Cross did Christ decry the death penalty, either for himself or for the two thieves crucified with Him.
The citation read:
It's a good thing he'll be leaving the Senate.
Meanwhile, the ever-present Michael Avenatti, attorney of porn star Stormy Daniels, tweeted that he had information from anonymous sources that Judge Kavanaugh and his friend had "targeted" women with drugs and alcohol at parties to facilitate "gang rape."
It is absolutely mind-boggling that nothing of this sort exists today in our terror war — and it is a reflection of the Left being in charge and of the destructive defeat that it is sowing.
Then it’s up to us.
Rob Pincus Best Price: $2.00 Buy New $17.99 (as of 03:35 EDT - Details) He’d launched the site months earlier along with an anarchist video manifesto, declaring that gun control would never be the same in an era when anyone can download and print their own firearm with a few clicks.
They want to preserve the FBI’s reputation.
And don’t forget, the old sorta, kinda moderate Democrats like Feinstein and Chuck Schumer, who now have joined the crowd of trendoid socialists armed with torches and pitch-forks, will go along because they’re frightened of their party’s increasingly rabid left-wing base.
Penkoski claimed the teacher sent students home with the same packet the day after he lodged a complaint — this time, with certain sections crossed out but still including the Shahada assignment.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Habib-Powell had attended the Iftar dinner with members of Muslim Brotherhood front groups.
At the end of Mass, while the Pope was greeting the few lay people present, Monsignor Fabian Pedacchio, his Argentine secretary, came to me and said: “The Pope told me to ask if you are free now!” Naturally, I replied that I was at the Pope’s disposal and that I thanked him for receiving me immediately.
For he is the minister of God to thee for good.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
She said Thursday regarding Ms. Ford: "I believe her because she is telling the truth and you know it by her story."
On Tuesday, we'll know for sure.
The West falls as it fails to see Europe being overrun."
In sum, Faggioli is representative of the thinking that requires defense of a homosexualized clergy if only for the reason that tradition-minded Catholics cannot be allowed to take their place: “This neo-traditionalist Catholicism believes that sexual abuses are committed only by homosexual clergy… and that the crisis of abuse can be resolved by a kind of Catholic Jacobinism that should eliminate all bishops and priests minimally engaged in dialogue with modern culture, and replaced by a young clergy marked by personal sanctity but also by a fascination for a mythical Middle Ages and the rejection of a Church-world relationship based on a principle of reality.”
I don’t know what it will take to exorcise the “spirit of Vatican II” – the spirit of aggiornamento – from the Church.
You’re a liar, aren’t you?
Naples Daily News:
take our poll - story continues below
God is not static,” the cardinal said.
They are the furthest thing from terrorists.
Their commentary on the video below is interesting.
They know that the eleven male Republican Senators on the Judiciary Committee dread the #MeToo movement casting them as knuckle-dragging Neanderthal sexists who want to “silence” the accuser with their “cavalier treatment of a sexual assault survivor,” as one Ford lawyer has said.
Second, it’s simply not going to work.
You could see her posing next to Huma, Arianna and a Saudi princess.
Not only does it destroy the autonomy of the Monasteries, something Our Holy Mother St. Teresa was extremely insistent about, but it also removes the Superior, dissolves her authority and power, removes the financial independence of each Monastery, and destroys the specificity of each charism.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Under no circumstances can they be approved.
This is not my opinion.
The failure to at least empanel a grand jury to compel testimony from Hillary Clinton and key witnesses was itself a complete dereliction of duty, which could have only been motivated by a desire to treat Hillary Clinton with kid gloves for improper reasons.
Like Luke Harding, Higgins invariably seems ready to echo whatever the British and American security services need verifying “independently”.
The NRC will be the latest of the harassments that Muslims have faced in India in recent years. They were first turfed out of many neighbourhoods as people refused to rent or sell homes to them in major cities and small towns, as the narrative of terrorism took hold. Second, they were forbidden to fall in love with Hindus through the ‘love jihad’ campaign. They have been subject to lynching and constant hate speech on social media. Muslim communities now find themselves, in the midst of protests, ring-fenced by police action and mob violence and will soon be caught up in the production of national illegitimacy through the NRC, if the appalling experience of Assam is any indication of what’s in store for the rest of India.
* Yes, he will be confirmed.
“The text of three emailed threats, obtained by CBS News, were obscene and violent in nature.
Here We Go Again - Leaked Documents: White House Planning Regime Change In Iran
Some insist that his resignation was under some sort of coercion and so isn’t valid.
“Starting with Iraq, and then Syria, Lebanon, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, and finishing off with Iran.”
Pedophile priests sell papers.
In a lengthy report by Rosiak at The Daily Caller News Foundation, he writes:
©2018 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution (Atlanta, Ga.), Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.
This was typical of the worthless assurances that Obama officials made.
“What we found in the Gillum campaign was just what we found in Missouri, Tennessee and Arizona, a candidate lying to the voters he needs to win the election.”
What of public high schools across the country that we have been going into in order to educate the youth as to who we are, and not what the revisionists and propagandists would have them believe that we are.
I’ve been in the deep North Korean-dug tunnels under the Demilitarized Zone.
There is a kind of eerie silence around the Julian Assange case.
The newspaper account continues:
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo was pressed about the issue Wednesday during his appearance before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
Yet, Donald Trump captured the Republican nomination and won the presidency—by saying goodbye to all that.
“Here with us, everybody should feel welcome, just as he or she is.” The pastoral assistant adds that “God is love.
“It will target, first, the health staff, the contacts of the sick and the contacts of the contacts.” The World Health Organization has been warning about the “Ebola situation” in Congo, and it appears their only solution is an experimental vaccine.
He and the St. Gallen Group know exactly who they are.
Dibyesh Anand: BJP's professed Hindu nationalism's Islamophobia is evident in its manifestos, its visible inspirational figures such as Golwalkar and Savarkar, and the discourse as well as practice of its parent organisation RSS. Therefore, exclusion of Muslims is sad but not surprising. It is those liberals and non-adherents of Hindutva who voted and supported BJP who should be asking themselves if they did sign up to this blatant exercise of religious citizenry by stealth or not. The widespread protests have forced BJP leaders to adopt a vocabulary filled with contradictions. Prime Minister Narendra Modi mocks the protestors as urban naxals, ignorant and refers to sartorially Muslims and then goes on to say there is no connection between CAA and the spectre of NRC. Mr Shah has repeatedly used pejorative language for Muslim identified refugees and migrants including 'termite' and has spoken about NRC as a tool to identify and expel them. In any established democracy, the language of the government ministers would counts as hate speech. In India, this seems to have entered the mainstream where the Home Minister of the country as well as the Chief Minister of the largest state blatantly speak of revenge against protestors who they reject as Jihadis, Maoist, or separatists. These terms are used loosely to cover all Muslims, Kashmiris and any leftist or progressive rejecting the fundamental approach of religious citizenry that CAA adopts.
Earlier this month, the suspect in the alleged murder of a Jewish physician in Paris was deemed not responsible for his actions in a second psychiatric evaluation ordered by a judge even though the defense did not request it.
The alleged abuse took place decades prior to Francis’s 2015 appointment of Barros to the Diocese of Osorno in southern Chile.
He took Defcad.com offline, but his lawyer warned him that he still potentially faced millions of dollars in fines and years in prison simply for having made the file available to overseas downloaders for a few days.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.
He praises the pardons that Trump has granted, and takes exception at the criticism.
Two communities at present are living together in one monastery as a temporary measure.”
I'd sooner let my kids be accompanied by fans of the Oakland Raiders than turn them over to you... meaning no disrespect to fans of the Oakland Raiders, of course.
Dr R.B.Bhagat: Census is conducted as per Census Act 1948 and information is to be kept confidential by Census Commissioner and Registrar General of India. NPR is mentioned in Citizenship (Registration of Citizenship and Issue of National Identity Cards) Rules 2003. Aadhar is a follow up of this initiative. If Aadhar is linked to Birth and Death Registration (under the Birth and death Registration Act 1969), the Population Register will be automatically updated. In this sense another NPR is not needed as we have one NPR in 2010. What is needed is the linking of Aadhar with birth and death registration? After death registration, the name of the deceased person should be deleted from Aadhar database. Household based NPR is laden with many challenges of inclusion of communities who are mobile like nomadic tribes, migrant population, slum population and houseless population who live in pavements, under flyover and in the open. This has been a challenge for the Census in spite its best effort to include them, but not specified for NPR. The issues related to NPR and NRC emerged in the context of illegal migration in the country in the past. NPR cannot be an effective tool for identifying illegal migrants as illegal migrants may also be sheltered in hotels, restaurant, factories etc. So far refugee is concerned, India is not a signatory to UN Refugee Conventions. As far as I am aware we have also not defined who is a refugee in our Acts including CAA. As such Census does not collect data on refugee and we do not know how many refugees are there in India? Census 2021 should concentrate on housing and population enumeration and also include a question on refugee. This will help to know how many refugees are there in this country who will be granted Citizenship under CAA. Census provides data for development planning such as demographic, housing, workforce composition, educational status of population for both rural and urban areas right up to village and town/city level and its quality of data should be kept intact. While privacy of the census data is protected as per provisions of Census Act 1948, no such provision exists under NPR. If census exercise is politicized by NPR, the quality of census data may suffer. So NPR should be dropped. The existing database of Aadhar with complete coverage of birth and death registration, and linking with Aadhar will result in the creation of Population Register on continual basis every month and every year. It is worthwhile to mention that trust of people is very much important for quality of census data. The slogan of Census of India is "Our Census, Our Future", must be ensured.
They floated the idea later Monday of claiming that Khashoggi, who wrote opinion pieces for the Washington Post and Arab media, was accidentally killed in an interrogation gone awry inside the consulate — supposedly without the approval of the king or crown prince.
His recent statements that he knew nothing about it, even though at first he cunningly referred to compensation for the two victims, are absolutely laughable.
The Federation President, in particular, watches over initial and ongoing formation in the monasteries to see if it is in conformity with the charism proper to the Institute, so that every community may be a beacon that illumines the journey of the men and women of our time.
They formed trade unions to demand the right to marry.
He must honestly state when he first learned about the crimes committed by McCarrick, who abused his authority with seminarians and priests.
It would be nice to know who he is for someone to let him know his actions are not okay!” Spittler added: “Real tough guy… approaches a group of teenagers minding their own business just having a burger!
* Yes, he should have gotten it back.
e. Sentenced to imprisonment for two years or more within five years of registration as OCI.
If, as he now continues to state, he knew nothing of the abuses committed by McCarrick and the measures taken by Pope Benedict, how can his answer be explained?
Influential Roman: He could do it you know.
While the Obama administration continues to allow the Muslim Brotherhood to direct American foreign policy and, therefore, to implement “strategies” that render America defenseless in the face of Jihad and stealth Jihad, there are some alternative strategies that have the potential to turn this catastrophic situation around completely in America’s favor.
My two above-mentioned memos of December 6, 2006 and May 25, 2008, were also presumably handed over to him by the Substitute.
So, what did he do?
Luckily, he was the only judge on the panel to think this.
Did the accuser tell a friend or family member or anyone about the alleged assault when it occurred?
Was this a violation of submission to civil government?
Pay attention to the first line in that quote above in which Bolton notes that the opposition needed to overthrow Iran’s current regime “is centered in this room today.” Who was in that room?
Brett Kavanaugh accused in letter obtained by FBI of drunkenly forcing himself on woman while in high school; Kavanaugh denies it happened
The text messages are to be released “without redaction,” and those include messages from Ohr, Strzok, Lisa Page, former FBI Director James Comey, and former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe.
Solar flares have been known to cause power grid failures, but it looks like we’ll only get the light show this time.
You can unsubscribe at any time.
Patel is 32.
The only remedies for the plague of Bergoglio are his natural death or deposition.
Yore said that given the Church’s sex abuse crisis, one would have thought going into the 2013 conclave (which elected Francis) that an obvious priority in vetting candidates for the papacy would have meant a serious look at their history of handling abuse allegations in their previous sees.
Disturbing video of young Trump Supporter having his MAGA hat stolen and a drink thrown in his face.
With the passing of time the Assembly of the Federation has transferred tasks to the President of the Federation, according to the faculties described in the statutes, in particular regarding our mutual solidarity.
They are all related.
We need to intervene where evil is spreading; for evil spreads where daring Christians who oppose evil with good are lacking.” [emphasis in original] If this is rightly to be considered a serious moral responsibility for every believer, how much graver is it for the Church’s supreme pastor, who in the case of McCarrick not only did not oppose evil but associated himself in doing evil with someone he knew to be deeply corrupt.
How good are my instincts?
As Catholics, we ask St. Michael to “cast into Hell Satan and all the evil spirits who prowl about the world seeking the ruin of souls.” McCarrick and his fellow perverts in the clergy are responsible, not only for their sexual abuses, but also for chasing good men away from the priesthood.
And the men turned their faces from thence, and went toward Sodom: but Abraham stood yet before the Lord.
Be it known unto you all, and to all the people of Israel, that by the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom ye crucified, whom God raised from the dead, even by him doth this man stand here before you whole.
* Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker
Jeff Sessions lashes back at Trump
And Ellison isn’t the only Democrat who approves of Farrakhan!
15: 54-55; 21-22).
Nationalism, populism and tribalism are pervasive on the Old Continent.
DB: Yes, and the thanks he got was seven years in solitary confinement.
In the northwest, Turkey has sent its Syrian allies to attack Afrin and President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has threatened Manbij, 80 miles to the east, where U.S. troops commingle with the Kurd defenders and U.S. generals were visible last week.
The Egyptian-American immigrant had served as a gatekeeper for George W. Bush.
If you’re not pope, why do you still wear the white?
You may opt out at anytime.
The reports from each region showed that many of the provisions found in Cor orans were already in place: federations with broad powers, including financial control and combined formation courses, “religious assistant” priests appointed by the federation and overseeing individual monasteries and superiors giving up their authority to the federations.
Farrell’s graciously offers notorious praise for Martin’s new book, Building a Bridge (to hell, ed.)
(Note: The FBI has already conducted six background checks on Kavanaugh, the most recent one was done this summer.)
Far from being just a pretty sight in the sky, the Andromeda Galaxy is an impressive, turbulent patch of the cosmos.
Strange ‘Sonic Attacks’ Against Diplomats Reach Epic Proportions
Glenn Greenwald is far from alone in noting that London is possibly the most surveilled city in the world, with CCTV cameras everywhere.
To the victims of the Church, and to those who love them, it sounds like he is saying, “Who do you think you are?
Trump appeared willing to end his new trade deal with Mexico as well if the caravan was not stopped.
The much ballyhooed Singapore summit between US President Donald Trump and North Korea’s Kim Jong-un is now threatened with cancellation or delay.
We didn’t finish them.
St. Valentine is known as the saint of friendship and of love.
Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court?
Ellison is attempting to do that same.
For the Middle East today is weeping, suffering and silent as others trample upon those lands in search of power or riches.”
Editor’s Note: Over the years, Bishop Robert Morlino of the Diocese of Madison has confirmed several of my children according to the traditional Rite of Confirmation, as his diocese has been a port in the storm for many displaced and disillusioned Catholic families.
Mexico is said to have deployed 500 additional federal police to its border with Guatemala in anticipation of the caravan’s arrival.
In our opinion, during the most vile clergy sex scandal in history, every bishop in the country must do exactly what Bishop Morlino has done, i.e., issue a statement of fidelity to the Church’s moral theology, specifically her teaching against the mortal sin of homosexual acts.
She tiptoed around the alleged sexual assault itself, instead focusing on process-related questions, presumably in an effort to show undecided senators how Ford and her handlers have been unfairly manipulating the process.
Our relationship with Russia is at a significant low point where just having some conversations can lead us to a better outcome.
“My case was usually something handled by military courts,” he said.
At 6:30 a.m. Monday, Yuma Station agents responded to a call for assistance at Carver Park from the Yuma Police Department.
There is no doubt that the Prime Minister has been elected through a massive mandate in the last general elections. It is being talked about everywhere as to how this government had brought about a massive turnaround in the country within six months since it took oath on May 30, 2019.
Clinton's comments were clearly racist, and those fawning over her during the interview laughed it up right along with her.
in formation: 1 average age: 73
The events of these past weeks have shown that no one can be above the law, regardless of rank or privilege.
Khecharem predicted that “this will happen, of course, after the elimination of the filthy Jewish entity, and after liberation of the lands under direct colonization, like Kashmir and others.”
The WHO has tallied 32 suspected or confirmed cases in the northwestern area of Bikoro, on the shores of Lake Tumbathe near the border with the Republic of Congo, including 18 deaths, between April 4 and May 9.
The simple fact is that soon there are going to be “vagus” priests who have been thrown out of their ministry for maintaining the Faith.
Was Sr. Enrica somehow anticipating the fulfillment of those hippie-era dreams in the years to come?
He is being prosecuted for re-entry after deportation, and illegal alien possessing a firearm.
Evidence shows Pope Francis is a ‘principal in a cover-up’ of clergy sex-abuse in Chile: Expert
Her actions so rattled the Administration Committee’s Democratic staff director, Jamie Fleet, that he planted a negative story in Politico that revealed Wasserman Schultz, his fellow Democrat, was continuing to pay the suspect, two House sources said.
This may not be same for Hindus throughout the country, say a Hindu in Andhra Pradesh or Kerala who cannot trace ancestry to “persecuted minorities” in Afghanistan, Pakistan or Bangladesh.
Native-born American workers lost ground to their foreign-born competitors throughout the Obama years.
Now, I don’t believe Pope John saw himself as endangering either orthodoxy or sacred, immutable tradition.
Inspector General Horowitz again emphasized form and process over substance in finding a “troubling lack of any direct, substantive communication” between Comey and Attorney General Lynch ahead of Comey’s July 5 press conference on Clinton and his October 28 letter to Congress.
In a recent communication between Randy Credico, an Assange supporter, comic and radio producer, and Adam Schiff, the ranking member on the House Judiciary Committee, Assange’s fear of arrest and extradition to the US was confirmed by the leader of the Russia-gate frenzy.
Rather than being the bombshell smoking gun that directly connects the Trump campaign to WikiLeaks, perhaps the report is something else entirely: a disinformation campaign.
The ever growing global list of Bishops and Cardinals that have preyed on /and or covered up the sexual abuse of minors and seminarians over the last 60 years continues to enrage the laity.
Louis Farrakhan, leader of Nation of Islam, met with Mohsen Rezaee, secretary of Iran‘s Expediency Discernment Council, on Sunday in Tehran.
The German authorities came to the inescapable conclusion that the attack had nothing to do with Islam.
In between proclaiming the glory of Allah, he also shouted that his victims were all “unbelievers”.
A Texas teenager who supports President Trump says he was assaulted by a drink-throwing stranger at a Whataburger restaurant -- all because he was wearing a “Make America Great Again” hat.
@CBP and @DeptofDefense appropriately responded by blocking the lanes, deploying additional personnel and seeking assistance from other law enforcement and federal assets.
It would do you well to now look to the Christ when He said that we are to beware of the leaven of the Pharisee’s (corrupt doctrines of those who claimed to be the children of God), as well as the leaven of Herod (corrupt doctrines of government) (Mark 8:15).
India-bangladesh ties have had a dream run ever since Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina took over the reins in 2009. She began her stint by handing over the United Liberation Front of Assam (ULFA) leaders, who had made Bangladesh their base for years, back to the Indian government. This gesture underlined that for her, India’s security interests were important. Despite the hiccups over the Teesta agreement, which could not be signed during the then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh’s visit to Dhaka, the relations remained on track and, indeed, developed further.
Fisher is rightly incensed by Bergoglio’s cunning response, “I will not say a single word on this , ” concerning Archbishop Viganò’s damning indictment of Bergoglio’s rehabilitation of the monster once known as Cardinal McCarrick for some five years before adverse worldwide press coverage forced to him to punish that serial homosexual rapist of whose crimes Viganò had personally informed him back in 2013—information of which Bergoglio was clearly already aware at that time, as Viganò testifies.
In 2015, Dina Powell – President Donald Trump’s Deputy National Security Adviser in 2017 – sat down with far left-wing United Nations Ambassador Samantha Power for an interview.
Gilani alleged the brothers took her financial documents, a laptop, and her husband’s possessions.
The 66-year-old director of an Orthodox Jewish nursery was woken from her sleep when she was violently beaten by her twenty something Muslim neighbor who then dragged her to the window.
In fact, Father Hans Zollner, S.J., Vice-Rector of the Pontifical Gregorian University, President of the Centre for Child Protection, and Member of the Pontifical Commission for the Protection of Minors, recently told the newspaper La Stampa that “in most cases it is a question of homosexual abuse.”
In the past five weeks, there have been 21 suspected cases of viral hemorrhagic fever , including 17 deaths.
The Best of Chuck Baldwin
Soros-Funded Lawyers Helping Caravan Migrants Get Asylum in the United States
O’Malley returns as chief.
That said, it is not new.
This report is from Seattle:Doubtless, many other states are also considering passing “red flag” laws.
And perhaps most telling of all, not one word is offered of applying any systematic religious solutions; no one is suggesting increased prayer or fasting, Rosary campaigns or novenas in what has to be the Carmelite Order’s most desperate hour.
Remember that Mohamed Atta, about the plane he had hijacked on September 11, 2001, told passengers over the intercom: “Stay quiet and you’ll be OK.” The Catholic Church appears to have adopted that statement as its policy regarding Muslim persecution of Christians.
Speaking at an African American church in Boynton Beach in Palm Beach County, north of Miami, on Monday night, Gillum expressed outrage that Anderson broke election laws and allowed these approximately 150 Floridians to vote by fax or email, The Associated Press reported.
Does she have an important dentist appointment she can't get out of?
Rick Scott, Snipes said it was her “passion and honor” to have served in the office.
DOJ Surrenders: 3D Print Gun Files Are Protected Under First Amendment
And it’s an echo of the failed approach of the Bush years.
The report has helped renew a crisis many in the church thought and hoped had ended nearly 20 years ago after the scandal erupted in Boston.
His resilience is remarkable.
That move continues to roil relations with European allies who are sticking with the Iran deal.
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
I sent Philipp a note yesterday to thank him because he and others voiced their support for this too, and we greatly appreciate it.
The Duran’s Alex Christoforou and Editor-in-Chief Alexander Mercouris discuss the insurrection taking place at the US Department of Justice, as Democrats, ex-Obama officials, and DOJ directors are doing everything in their power to make sure the truth, about how the FISA warrant to spy on Carter Page was obtained, remains hidden from the eyes of the American public.
Chinmay Tumbe: India is a large country and its cost-benefit analysis is unlike any other democracy. What will an All-India NRC serve? What is the guarantee that so called "illegal immigrants" will not be enrolled in the NRC. The best analogy is of demonetization. One of its objectives was to weed out fake notes. But fake notes are now back in the system. When you have a massive stock, you generate sensible mechanisms to detect undesirable elements rather making every element of that stock go through a test. Think of detecting a malfunctioning safety pin in a factoring manufacturing millions of them. Do you subject every safety pin to a test for quality control?
There must be no room left, no refuge for sin — either within our own lives, or within the lives of our communities.
Using any despicable tactic at hand to derail Judge Brett Kavanaugh’s Supreme Court confirmation less than a week before the Senate Judiciary Committee is scheduled to vote on whether to approve his nomination, Senate Democrats have sunk to their lowest level of character assassination yet.
Today is a day to celebrate a wrong that has not been fully made right, but has definitely turned in the right direction!
Excuse me Maike, but I don’t think this is a parenthetical issue.
53 SHARES Facebook Twitter
If he had 5 years—the Lord working through him, he could make the Church over again.
That be far from thee to do after this manner, to slay the righteous with the wicked: and that the righteous should be as the wicked, that be far from thee: Shall not the Judge of all the earth do right?
This isn’t a case where the underlying facts of the law changed.
One of the biggest stories of 2017 and 2018 is being ignored by the mainstream media and we all know why that is.
ZMapp show “promise,” although scientific results are not definitive.
It’s respecting the diversity that we have in our society."
We saw headlines like this about early voter turn out and thought that this was finally the year that the ‘sleeping giant’ had awoken.”
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
Legal challenges by clergy delayed the report’s release, after some said it is a violation of their constitutional rights.
After all, this is the papacy where 2 + 2 = 5 if the pope says it does.
There have been two amalgamations in recent years and another one involving three Carmels is in process.
Muslim Dem IT Aides' Family Member Paid $45,000 After Hiring Attorney Specializing In Money Laundering Cases
They were a strong partner, among many in this effort.
SAF and Defense Distributed had filed suit against the State Department under the Obama administration, challenging a May 2013 attempt to control public speech as an export under the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), a Cold War-era law intended to control exports of military articles.
If Ford actually testifies on Thursday, or Ramirez is granted the same concession, nothing material will be gained.
Why was he there?
And America's willingness to bear the burden of Europe's defense, as they ride virtually free, is visibly waning.
But the appeal did not gain much traction until Trump took office.
Smith also explains that the Gillum campaign can’t let voters know what Gillum’s true agenda is before election day:
pic.twitter.com/GSP9JiHpqf — bananas in pajamas (@EverydayDaniel) November 2, 2018
I was a witness, not by my choice, of shocking facts and, as the Catechism of the Catholic Church states (par.
More from the Washington Times:
WASHINGTON — Attorney General Jeff Sessions has a message for Donald Trump: You’re wrong, Mr. President.
Meaning, the obviously politically biased team that had just cleared the woman that they supported, was now tapped to investigate if the man that they hated was tied to Russian corruption.
Those close to him are extremely worried.
The jizya is to be imposed on all of them in full, without exception.
And we can’t drag the Church out of her present crisis until we have the courage to brave accusations of “Lefebvrism” and say so.
How in the world can we trust them even as they express bias while investigating malfeasance?
No more delays.
The Trump administration has levied tough sanctions on Russia.
As Trump grandly proclaimed, Americans no longer have to fear North Korea and can sleep peacefully at night!
The "Jewish Question" is a term generally used by anti-Semites today.
“Here,” he said.
Early care with rehydration may boost the chance of survival.
The regime change plan seeks to fundamentally shift U.S. policy towards Iran and has found a receptive audience in the Trump administration, which has been moving in this direction since Bolton—a longtime and vocal supporter of regime change—entered the White House.
Steinberg reports that Omar has “faced allegations -- soon backed by a remarkable amount of evidence -- that she had married her own brother in 2009, and was still legally his wife.
Getting really excited about Jews is a common problem among Muslim settlers in France.
The standard cliché of young people with useless academic degrees working at Starbucks has become so common it’s not even worth memeing anymore.
We are in a new world now.
The faces of the criminal Democrat Party, at least two of them, have now had an ethics complaint filed against them in the US Senate, and rightly so.
When the government announced that it had been the victim of an unprovoked attack—this was a lie.
Parent Rich Penkoski recounted: “I saw the assignment of writing the Shahada in Arabic.
The worst-ever Ebola outbreak started in December 2013 in southern Guinea before spreading to two neighbouring west African countries, Liberia and Sierra Leone.
We should watch for that, and this is an example of President Trump’s comments on fake news, he should not be sabotaged by fake news.”
Specifically, the statement that Obama wanted “to know everything we’re doing” came in a private Sept. 2, 2016, text message from FBI lawyer Lisa Page to FBI agent Peter Strzok, with whom she was having an extramarital affair at the time.
“I don’t want to subject myself to that,” he said outside court.
To those paying attention over the years, Trump’s desire to intervene in Iran, and his subsequent support in the media should come as no surprise as it has been the plan since Bill Clinton was in office and was documented in the neoconservative PNAC report.
His latest book, published May 9, is “Nixon’s White House Wars: The Battles That Made and Broke a President and Divided America Forever.”
Ex-Navy sailor pardoned by Trump says he's suing Comey and Obama
Mueller also is looking at whether some of Trump’s actions like firing then-FBI Director James B. Comey or statements about the Russia probe since taking office amount to an attempt to interfere illegally with the special counsel probe.
“President Trump noticed that my career was exemplary and that I didn’t deserve what happened to me.
The only claim they have before a Federal court is if they got the due process that Congress gave those illegal aliens.
With all the mud Democrats have been slinging at Kavanaugh, he would be thrilled to be approved by a margin as wide as 52 to 48.
solemnly professed: 119
Below are 9 concrete steps that, if implemented by a future American administration, would make a big difference in preserving our civilization and in defending Americans from terrorism:
The shahada is what is on the black flag of jihad.
Why did we think that Ratzinger, in this crucial role of CDF prefect, was a bulwark of orthodoxy?
She also admits the election result was a “loss,” another indication that Google’s efforts were clearly attempting to use company resources to elect Democrat Clinton over Republican Trump and influence the results of the election.
How does affiliation work?
Completing this poll entitles you to Conservative Tribune news updates free of charge.
Children in the Islamic State study the Qur’an and get weapons training.
According to a person familiar with the matter, the FBI does not now plan to launch a criminal investigation of the matter, which would normally be handled by local authorities, if it was within the statute of limitations.
In comments to reporters and on Twitter, President Trump has been blasting Strzok and Page for months over their inappropriate behavior.
And Trump is president because he read the party and the country right, while the Bush-McCain Republican establishment had lost touch with both.
Pope John Paul certainly didn't accept that.
However, nonfarm payroll growth came in at 54,000 in May, the smallest gain since September, and a fraction of the just lowered consensus forecast (125,000 jobs.)
“I am terrified.
Meanwhile on the other side of the US border, efforts are being made to reinforce it and make it less penetrable from the outside.
HANNITY: Always we go back, and I believe at the end of this you guys deserve a Pulitzer, and I’m not the only one thinking that.
Most of the modern theories of penal law explain penalty and justify it in the final analysis as a means of protection, that is, defense of the community against criminal undertakings, and at the same time an attempt to bring the offender to observance of the law.
The United States and North Korea are now on a more civilized level of behavior.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
The third page of the email begins with another headline and image of a Latina woman in a red Make America Great Again hat and “Latinos for Trump” sign.
Well, I agree, but that gets real messy when you start intervening in this manner.
You may opt out at anytime.
Many priests, bishops, and cardinals practiced what Francis preached, ‘who am I to judge.’
This marks the country’s ninth epidemic since the ebola virus was identified in 1976.
From the playground to geopolitics, appeasing an aggressor invites only more aggression.
Furthermore, numerous homes have been built without any sort of permit at all.
A hat signed by @realDonaldTrump,” Joe Gallow wrote on Twitter.
It has always existed, particularly in the United States.
On Wednesday, the car crashed at the main gate of Travis Air Force Base.
They were not banished for being Jews,” he said.
The Guardian’s coverage of Latin America, especially of populist leftwing governments that have rebelled against traditional and oppressive US hegemony in the region, has long grated with analysts and experts.
Debra Katz, the lawyer representing the woman accusing Brett Kavanaugh of sexual assault, has donated thousands of dollars to Obama, Hillary and the DNC!
Now more than ever is the time to demand justice and free speech for Julian.
Kington is a special correspondent.
Civil magistrates have a divine duty to “execute wrath upon him that doeth evil.” Anyone who teaches that they have authority to execute wrath upon "him that doeth good” is ignorant and uneducated in their misleadings (1 John 4:6).
I have not called for Francis’ resignation because I do not know (with the degree of certitude that a lawyer seeks) whether Viganò’s key allegations against Francis are substantially true; most assuredly, however, if I reach the conclusion that they are true, I would say, without hesitation, that Francis should resign.
Wendy Anderson, a former chief of staff to New York Rep. Yvette Clarke, told House investigators that she suspected that her predecessor, Shelley Davis, was working with Abid on a theft scheme, but Clarke refused to fire Abid until outside investigators got involved, TheDCNF reported.
The KirchenZeitung then quotes a commentary, saying:
Article posted with permission from The Washington Standard
This has created a close communion from the beginning.
It is unclear how this situation will evolve hereon. The BJP has reasons both to be smug and to panic. It may assume that the “real India” has no truck with middle-class liberals rallying in the streets, and like Donald Trump’s supporters in the US, it can expect Modi’s base to ally with him, regardless of what the critics say.
Attorneys Christopher P. Canova of the Northern District of Florida, Maria Chapa Lopez of the Middle District of Florida and Ariana Fajardo Orshan in the Southern District of Florida.
The BBC adds that the WHO said it was not recommending any trade or travel restrictions either within DR Congo, for example between Mbandaka and Kinshasa, or internationally.
In this context, the German cardinal also criticized Martin Luther's own denial of man's free will and his teaching about the total depravity of man that separates morality from the relationship with God.
He is cut off from the very tools of his trade, visitors aren’t allowed.
One more time I want to remind readers that self-defense—including defense against tyrannical government—is more than a right guaranteed in the Second Amendment to our Constitution; it is a duty assigned us in Nature by our Creator.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Given the Marxist leanings of the recent crop of Fathers General, it seems clear that what can be expected by “ongoing formation” is, in essence, some form of political indoctrination, sprayed over with a micro-thin layer of pious language.
At the White House on Wednesday, President Trump said it would be "wonderful" if Ford testifies and "unfortunate" if she does not.
There’s a kind of farcical element to this.
This is all you need to know about the hoax that was and is Trump-Russia collusion and the Robert Mueller special counsel investigation.
Imran wired nearly $300,000 to Pakistan Jan. 18, according to the indictment.
Meanwhile, Democrat election officials are marking ballots themselves and “finding” boxes of them everywhere to try to get him to victory, and when confronted about that, Gillum says, “Every vote must be counted.”
The cases headed to the supreme court in the future over what constitutes an unconstitutional search will undoubtedly be vast in number and detrimental in deciding how much freedom and privacy Americans get to keep.
Mr. Horowitz simply took Comey’s word for what he had meant.
To ensure the success of the military operation, in addition to sheer troop numbers, the US forces have drones, helicopters with night-vision capabilities, and fixed-wing aircraft at their disposal.
Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer
Nothing done in Helsinki made life easier for the Putin regime in its continued economic decay and diplomatic isolation due to the sanctions regime.
No, you can't act like a child and keep your pass.
But right now it increasingly appears the Trump Effect is real—and achieved entirely through enhanced enforcement.
In a policy one could call ‘eat sand and die,’ Trump demanded that Iran not only give up any and all nuclear capacity (Iran has no nukes), but also junk its non-nuclear armed medium range missiles, stop backing the Palestinians, Hezbollah in Lebanon and the Houthis in Yemen, roll over and be good, don’t do anything to upset Israel, and pull out of Syria.
* John Bolton Richard Grenell Dina Powell Heather Nauert Ivanka Trump
Instead, Trump fell in with anti-Second Amendment liberals and started calling for more gun control, adding “mental health” restrictions to gun purchases and making his stupid Stalinist statements about taking guns first and worrying about due process later.
One of Awan’s lawyers told a judge he felt “very strongly” that prosecutors should not be able to look at the RepDWS laptop, mounting an attorney-client privilege argument.
This revelation comes after the news that came to light in February, that, according to Bill Gertz in the Washington Times, “the U.S. government has traced some of the $1.7 billion released to Iran by the Obama administration to Iranian-backed terrorists in the two years since the cash was transferred.”
According to a Hindustan Timesreport from January 27, 2020, “The anti-CAA protests in at least 30 US cities were organized by recently formed Coalition to Stop Genocide, comprising several organizations like Indian American Muslim Council (IAMC), Equality Labs, Black Lives Matter (BLM), Jewish Voice for Peace (JVP) and Hindus for Human Rights (HfHR).”
However, unlike government schools, my curriculum never puts ideological indoctrination ahead of education.
The records released by DOS, which is part of Gov.
“Privacy advocates must fight,” Amash tweeted.
This is why it is so heinous.”
Federal Judge Michael Robert Hogan originally gave the Hammonds reduced sentences in 2012, arguing that the mandatory minimums were unjust.
This is the Congo's ninth outbreak of the virus since it was discovered in the country in 1976.
The enemies of Francis have declared war.” Notice that for Winters it is not the Church or the integrity of her doctrine and discipline that must be defended against enemies, but only Bergoglio and the regime of novelty he is leading to its final extremity.
Regarding Cupich, one cannot fail to note his ostentatious arrogance, and the insolence with which he denies the evidence that is now obvious to all: that 80% of the abuses found were committed against young adults by homosexuals who were in a relationship of authority over their victims.
You may opt out at anytime.
Ambassador Nikki Haley comes is devastating.
Official translation by Diane Montagna.
Daigle said that a notice about the pending lawsuit was sent to the Department of Justice and others included in it in December.
It seems many politicians (and many police officers themselves) will not be content until every American citizen is totally defenseless and unable to protect him or herself.
NEW: The honesty of Gillum's campaign staff on undercover video is refreshing, especially when it comes to who the real Andrew Gillum is.
Fox News further reported that a source familiar with the timing of the declassification told the media outlet that they expected the Carter Page warrant application to be declassified first, followed by the FBI reports on agent interviews with Ohr.
UPDATE: Excellent background from investigative journalist Gareth Porter, published shortly before Harding’s story, explains why the Guardian’s hit-piece is so important for those who want Assange out of the embassy and behind bars.
And maybe one of these days someone will ask him that question.
In Florida, the Democrats are likewise working feverishly to overturn the will of the people.
DB: Even the attorney for the New York Times happened to mention that if Julian Assange gets prosecuted, the Times could get prosecuted under the same laws.
No practicing writing in Hebrew (not even the 10 commandments) as compared to the Islamic packet.
Still, we’re also averse to speaking in terms of good and evil.
… It was, in effect, an in-kind contribution to the Hillary Clinton for President campaign.
Well played, Cardinal Wuerl!
A more preventative approach, such as the identification of areas at risk using climate models and animal surveys to focus flea and rat control efforts, would be better,” he said.
Prohibiting persons who are under domestic violence restraining orders, convicted of misdemeanor domestic violence crimes or stalking from possessing or purchasing firearms.
The New Yorker article, written before Ms. Ford publicly identified herself, provided some details regarding her allegation.
At 65.3%, the immigrant LPR this December was considerably above the native-born American rate (61.9%.)
And he said, If I find there forty and five, I will not destroy it.
But while hating the sin, we must never hate the sinner, who is called to conversion, penance, and renewed communion with Christ and His Church, through His inexhaustible mercy.
* Yes, military force should be used.
As the scandal widens and worsens, the media goes to extraordinary lengths not to cover it.
So, when a bunch of well-documented liars come out with yet another sexual assault allegation against a Trump appointee, let’s just say I’m skeptical and here’s why:
The Fourth Amendment makes clear that a person cannot be denied of liberty (to exercise one’s constitutional right to bear arms) without due process of law.
But this is not what we see.
Moreover, when Ms. Ford finally told someone about the incident in any detail some 30 years later in 2012, during a couples therapy session with her husband, she did not name Judge Kavanaugh specifically, according to the therapist’s notes that Ms. Ford had provided to the Washington Post in connection with her interview.
Q. Do you think the government's decision to exclude Muslims from CAA results from BJP's alleged Islamophobia? The CAA doesn't even include Hindus from Sri Lanka or other countries.
Today is no different – he still rejects the harmful and divisive views Farrakhan continues to espouse.”
For Faggioli, not only would Bergoglio’s resignation be unthinkable, so also would a purge of the homosexual and pro-homosexual prelates Bergoglio and his Vatican henchmen have systematically enabled.
During a debate with Republican opponent Doug Wardlow, Ellison was asked about his previous support of Farrakhan, but then claims that he has distanced himself from Farrakhan.
Nimesh Patel, a comedian known for being the first Indian-American writer for Saturday Night Live, had his stand-up routine at cultureSHOCK cut short earlier tonight due to uncomfortable jokes.
So many Catholics in the last 40 years assumed that under the “conservatives” John Paul II and Benedict XVI at least the Vatican was “onside.” At least in Rome they understood the terrible threat of the Bolshie VaticanTwoist revolutionaries.
You are now representing this FBI informant.
As a priest and bishop of the holy Church, spouse of Christ, I am called like every baptized person to bear witness to the truth.
Five years ago today, Pope Benedict XVI abdicated the papacy.
After Hurricane Maria barreled through Puerto Rico in September 2017, it left hundreds of thousands of people displaced and 80 to 90 percent of homes destroyed in some communities.
And are we not in the midst of schisms already, provoked by none other than Bergoglio himself, whose insane drive to shatter the Church’s bimillennial discipline has produced the totally unprecedented situation in which what is still considered mortally sinful in one diocese is an imperative of “mercy” in another?
Why was he not – at the very least – given the same “silencing” treatment as Kung?
“This is a major development in the outbreak,” he told the BBC.
There is a decided lack of aggressiveness of this investigation.
His warning against making the resistance to jihad a “battle between us and the entire religion” is odd.
And guess what, next time a man is nominated to a position who really has committed a crime, people will be that much less likely to believe his accuser.
Proof.” Yes, Francis should resign if Viganò ’s allegations are true, Shea admits—a stunning concession coming from him.
And when Pharaoh refused, God plagued the Pharaoh and the Egyptians and set His children free.
Support our journalism Please consider subscribing today to support stories like this one.
I'm not sure whose house it was or where it was.
On Tuesday, Fox News host Tucker Carlson and Colonel Douglas Macgregor addressed the growing prospect of US war with Iran and warned that a new “Gulf of Tonkin incident” could be used to drag us into it.
No, he will not be confirmed.
But Winner’s mother had a blunt reply: “Please pardon my daughter Reality Winner.”
When he got back, Monsignor Lantheaume told me that in El Paso he had met Cardinal McCarrick who, taking him aside, told him almost the same words that the Pope had said to me in Rome: “the Bishops in the United States must not be ideologized, they must not be right-wing, they must be shepherds….” I was astounded!
She did say, however, that she favors a one-state, not two-state, “solution” to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict: “One state.
Sodano even went so far as to issue a statement to the Vatican press office in which a falsehood was affirmed, that is, that Pope Benedict had decided that the Maciel case should be considered closed.
To those paying attention over the years, Trump’s desire to intervene in Iran, and his subsequent support in the media and from all sides of the political spectrum should come as no surprise as it has been the plan since Bill Clinton was in office and was documented in the neoconservative PNAC report.
He also said that the arms trafficking operation had been dismantled with Barbieri’s arrest.
Reprinted from WND.com.
Indeed, in one case in Spain, the sisters themselves advocate abandoning traditional Teresian autonomy altogether.
I will continue to require (with our men and our funds) that all seminaries to which we send men to study be vigilant that seminarians are protected from sexual predators and provide an atmosphere conducive to their holistic formation as holy priests, in the image of Christ;
I don't say this lightly.
I have had long-time Vatican watchers say to me, more than once, “Maybe it’s really just that he wasn’t who we thought he was.” I suspect there is a lot more to this than most people might imagine.
We know we gave this our best and are now figuring out what comes next.
Meanwhile, Georgia parent Michelle King noted in 2016: “My daughter had to learn the Shahid and the Five Pillars of Islam, which is what you learn to convert,” while not teaching Christianity or the Ten Commandments.
The Washington Times reports:
The IG, separately, is expected to release his highly anticipated report on the Clinton email case later Thursday.
I do think he would support anybody doing that stuff, Bill Nelson.
In other words, Benedictine federations of a given area will form a “Conference” with Carmelite federations and Dominican federations and Poor Clare federations, etc.
A source close to the White House who has reviewed these emails ahead of their public release told Breitbart News that in a just world this would amount to, at a minimum, a clear violation of campaign finance law governing in-kind contributions to campaigns and causes.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
Most revealingly, the article reported on a gaping hole in the therapist’s notes, portions of which were provided by Ms. Ford for the Washington Post’s review.
Is all this the reason why Muslims are particularly worried about CAA combined with nationwide NRC?
Being the paragon of political-correctness and queen of virtue-signaling opportunism, Hillary Clinton sat down with Recode’s Kara Swisher this weekend to answer questions about just how evil and awful conservative opponents have been in the last few months.
My daughter as well as other students were under the impression all the packet assignments were mandatory (the Jewish one and the Christian ones were mandatory).
And if you say there is, you’re the problem.”
take our poll - story continues below
How many defenseless (unarmed) people are robbed, assaulted, accosted, beaten up, raped, wounded, paralyzed, or killed in a year’s time?
“People don’t flee their country and go through the arduous trip on foot unless the situation is desperate,” said Gilbert Saucedo, a Los Angeles lawyer who helped organize the volunteers through the National Lawyers Guild.
He [Bergoglio] knew from at least June 23, 2013 [the date of the audience with Viganò] that McCarrick was a serial predator.
To bless always means that something shall flourish, because only then when there is a blessing upon a cause or a project, will something good come out of it.
He’s never criticized the fascist president of the Philippines.
This papacy is awash in the prissy, pop psycho speak, jargon of accompaniment, listening, and dialogue dazzling the media with empty tropes and luring the uncatechized into its globalist mantra of one world new age religion.
The employee was diagnosed with a mild traumatic brain injury in an incident with echoes of suspected “sonic attacks” on American diplomats in Cuba last year.
It’s a stealth coup.
If we who still love the Church want priests to be faithful, and even to start denouncing the evil and corruption they see, we are going to have to help them create a modicum of independence and security in which to do it.
However, in Senator Grassley’s e-mail thanking Ms. Ford for finally agreeing to a time certain for her testimony, Senator Grassley correctly reminded her attorneys that “the committee determines which witnesses to call, how many witnesses to call, and what order to call them and who will question them.
“Despite starvation and severely cold temperatures, the Museum continued its preservational functions.
Article 23 states, for instance, “In discerning the foundation of a new monastery on the part of a single monastery, the Federal President and the religious assistant intervene to help the superior of the founding monastery.
The U.S. 9/11 Commission assembled to investigate the attacks concluded that Iran played a role in facilitating the al Qaeda terrorists.
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
It's due to sanctions imposed by the likes of the US.
As has been pointed out before, sanctions hurt the people, not the governments that lead them and then those same governments use the effects to propagandize the people against those who are ordering the sanctions.
If the Republican Party is "napping," let it slumber on, undisturbed, for its time has come and gone.
I don't know that I would go quite that far, after all, the settlement does state that "the government expressly acknowledges that non-automatic firearms up to .50-caliber – including modern semi-auto sporting rifles such as the popular AR-15 and similar firearms – are not inherently military."
I have been a journalist for a very long time and I have always worked within the mainstream, but the journalism I see now is part of a rapacious establishment and one of its prime targets is Julian Assange and WikiLeaks.
For those heavy into it, that’s their thing, but it ain’t my thing,” he said
She is the most difficult to get any information out of.
They were calling for a Zionist state.
"There is no Republican Party.
“This is gonna go right in my f**king fireplace, b***h,” Jimenez said, acting like a bully for stealing a teenager’s hat.
His first appointment, no more than three weeks after the Conclave was Jose Rodrigues Carballo, the Religious Congregation’s Secretary and – given the scandal that erupted on his leaving them – the financial wrecking ball of the Franciscan Friars Minor.
Screw the terrorist.
Credit for this dangerous scenario — in which getting an AR-15-style rifle is just a matter of a few computer clicks — goes to the Trump administration for its inexplicable decision to settle a lawsuit it was on the verge of winning.
Depending on an alien’s criminality, an alien who re-enters the United States after having been previously deported commits a felony punishable by up to 20 years in federal prison, if convicted.
The death penalty, from the first one imposed on man by God in the beginning in Eden, to the one imposed on God by man on that Good Friday in Jerusalem, on down to those still being imposed today, transcends human legislation.
For we cannot but speak the things which we have seen and heard.” Acts 4:2-20
Others belonging to this current even reside at the Domus Sanctae Marthae.
According to this Supreme Court nominee, he thinks it is just fine and dandy for police and government to track you, spy on you, and dig through your personal life — without a warrant.
Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Deceiving Voters: “None of the programs that people are hoping for would happen” but “That’s not for [voters] to know.”
U.S. Army troops, part of “Operation Faithful Patriot” arrived to the U.S. border with Mexico, deployed by President Trump ahead of midterms.
You did the right thing in this matter.
Nine countries were urged by the World Health Organisation (WHO) to prepare for a black death attack, at the end of October.
- No new deaths -
I want to thank @DeptofDefense for their partnership across the full spectrum of @DHSgov missions.
The indoctrination is getting so bad, that some parents are even concerned about liberal violence against those who reject the brainwashing.
In court documents, Gilani alleged, “while he was admitted in hospital my telephone conversations were taped and some other recording devices were also installed/planted in my house … Imran Awan showed up and threatened me for me calling the police.
Result: In three decades, the U.S. has run up $12 trillion in merchandise trade deficits — $4 trillion with China — and Beijing’s revenue from the USA has more than covered China’s defense budget for most of those years.
Also, President Trump’s public lecture about Germany not buying natural gas from Russia was aimed at cutting Putin off from hard currency worth tens of billions of dollars and further weakening the Russian economy.
Perhaps the worst was Archbishop Marty of Paris, a leader of the “priest-worker movement” who defended Marxist and existentialist atheisms on the floor of the Council.
And he spake unto him yet again, and said, Peradventure there shall be forty found there.
He lost his bar license for two years, according to Virginia State Bar documents.
Nuclear explosions would spread radioactive contamination over northern China and Pacific Russia.
Powell, who returned to Goldman in a senior role after leaving her job as President Donald Trump’s deputy national security adviser, is said to be strongly considering the job but also weighing family concerns.
@kgbt pic.twitter.com/AnZFtAl3l3 — Jolanie Martinez (@JolanieKGBT) November 2, 2018
Remember, an 87 IQ is just about retarded.
He has never been charged with a crime.
How was giving them billions and helping them skirt sanctions applied by the U.S. government not treason?
Cause it's not part of the agenda.
Sign up and you can still get all the ClashDaily goodness by joining our MeWe group.
This makes no sense in English, much less in the established procedures in the EOIR.
Over the last 12 months (December 2016 to December 2017):
But the effects of the federating/formation courses are already being felt: “Nowadays, two monasteries have difficulty because of a lack of vocations.”
The NRC, which identified illegal immigrants from Assam, had been a long-standing demand in Assam. After the updated final NRC in Assam was released on August 31 this year, it excluded the names of over 19 lakh applicants, including Hindus. Hence the malicious narrative being peddled by "left-liberals" that the NRC favours Hindus and is anti-Muslim, is entirely driven by the hate-mongering agenda of those who have been trounced electorally by the BJP in one election after another and are using NRC as merely a convenient tool to tarnish the ruling BJP led Modi government.
Nigel Farage Warns “We’ll Lose” A Battle Between the West and Islam
Trump: "If You Don't Want To Be Saying The Words 'Speaker Pelosi'... Go Out & Vote"
Ridicule is a vicious and potent weapon.
“About a dozen farmers of Chak 7-JB, Panjor, including five siblings — all aged between 57 and 70 — have given up hope of justice after they sold their agricultural lands to Ashraf Awan of Bole De Jhugi, who is father of White House employee Shahid Imran,” Dawn reported.
Before it was the high IQ Dutch, now it's the Chinese.
We had our partners help spread the word about our features on social media, including YouTubers and influencers like Dulce Candy, Jorge Narvaez, Jessie y Joy, Barbara Bermudo, and Pamela Silva of Univision, Jackie Cruz aka La Flaca from Orange is the New Black, and more.
Prager U has had its videos mysteriously disappear off of Facebook and then, only after vociferous protest, re-appear.
They use rigorous protocols to protect medical personnel with disposable full-body suits, masks, goggles and gloves and disinfecting sprays.
The House is likely to do all it can to roll back President Trump’s pro-Israel polices, with Tlaib as well as Omar as becoming the public faces of the effort.
His new book is Jihadist Psychopath: How He is Charming, Seducing, and Devouring Us.
Facebook Bans Outline to Stop Jihadi Attacks on Americans.
Horowitz “would have to ask” if his team interviewed any officials at the Obama White House but said “not the president himself.”
By what possible stretch of the imagination would such an occupant be suited for the Chair of Peter?
At this dire moment, we all need to amplify our voices in defense of free speech.
Branch to share with him the resource that Miss Hinson used and point out that the material she gave the students did not include all the faith aspects for Christianity.
It is urgent that we name our enemy (i.e.
John McCain pushed to bring Ukraine and Georgia into NATO, and even to send U.S. forces to face off against Russian troops.
The US Secretary of Mike Pompeo has said he is concerned about the "serious health incident" that has affected an embassy worker in Guangzhou.
[emphasis in original]
Until the Church and her bishops get back to reaffirming traditional Catholic teaching on human sexuality we can forget about seeing an end to the sexual abuse crisis and the massive problem of homosexuality in the clergy.
In its revelations of fraudulent wars (Afghanistan, Iraq) and the bald-faced lies of governments (the Chagos Islands), WikiLeaks has allowed us to glimpse how the imperial game is played in the 21st century.
There were Jews in the Islamic countries and caliphates as well, but we never killed them just for being Jews.
You should be OUTRAGED at Donald Trump, and you should be absolutely determined to be ever vigilant against ANY attempt from Democrats or Republicans from federal, State, or municipal government to enact further restrictions against your right to keep and bear arms—because Trump has opened the door not only for more gun control but also for gun confiscation.
The facts refute their arguments, but beyond that, the Second Amendment recognizes the right to keep and bear arms is a right given to us by our Creator, not a permission we gain from government.
Turkish officials say Khashoggi’s body was cut up with a bone saw, then taken out of the building.
To see what US intervention—through military support and the support of opposition groups—does to countries, one need only look at Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, and Libya to see the horrific death tolls and war-ravaged dystopias left in America’s wake.
Of course, even if they had found those things, given the FBI’s recent track record of denial and deception, they may still be searching for Kazi’s motive.
Usually after reporting that, Western historians turn their attention away.
Faggioli would probably be more inclined to civil or criminal prosecution of “Catholic Jacobins” for “hate speech” than Novus Ordo bishops for their complicity in covering up homosexual rapes.
Even if he wasn’t on the phone to Baghdadi, the likelihood is that when a Muslim drives into a U.S. Air Force Base with a car full of incendiaries, probably this has something to do with the global jihad.
All were amenable to arrest and removal under the U.S. Immigration and Nationality Act.
JP: It’s very simple.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
I think their strong words and hysteria are driven by their own guilt.
Why is it so dangerous?
How do you know?
For some, it seems, no price is too great—not even the good of the Church—to avoid the personal ignominy of being seen on the wrong side of history.
This just continues the pattern.
You have to whip them up into a frenzy in order for them to vote" because Florida is a "F***ed up," "cracker state," "you have to appeal to white guilt" pic.twitter.com/d0fd85zLF8 — James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) November 1, 2018
I subsequently learned that the event at Georgetown had taken place for seven years.
SAN DIEGO -- People on the Mexican side of the border could be seen climbing the fence near Border Field State Park Tuesday afternoon after part of the Central American migrant caravan arrived in Tijuana.
Raise the corporate tax in Florida from 7 to 11 percent.
The nearest neighboring major galaxy to the Milky Way is the Andromeda Galaxy.
The Department of Justice’s surprising settlement, confirmed in court documents earlier this month, essentially surrenders to that argument.
Whosoever therefore resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance of God: and they that resist shall receive to themselves damnation.
You may opt out at anytime.
Also ordered released are specific pages from the FBI’s FISA surveillance warrant application on former Trump campaign aide Carter Page, as well as interviews with Ohr.
Molester McCarrick: That’s interesting.
The Pope defends his man, Cardinal Rodriguez Maradiaga, to the bitter end, as he had done in Chile with Bishop Juan de la Cruz Barros, whom he himself had appointed Bishop of Osorno against the advice of the Chilean Bishops.
In the 2005-2006 period, after years of negotiations, the US and North Korea were close to a nuclear/peace deal.
Different sisters have volunteered to help there.
Meanwhile, Britain has a steadily lengthening record of admitting jihad preachers without a moment of hesitation.
take our poll - story continues below
Democrats had Kavanaugh accuser Christine Blasey Ford’s never-credible accusations of sexual abuse -- including possible attempted rape -- in hand way back in the summer.
And GOP investigators said late Wednesday they received an additional anonymous claim of rape passed along by Sen. Kamala Harris (D-Calif.).
That's not unique.
The Citizenship Amendment Act, 2019 seeks to provide Indian citizenship to illegal refugees from 6 communities coming from Pakistan, Bangladesh, and Afghanistan.
You may opt out at anytime.
In an interview with the Los Angeles Times, Dershowitz said he does not believe Sessions has the authority to end the probe.
Dr. Epstein’s research found that when negative search terms are suggested for a candidate, it can have a dramatic effect on voter opinion.
Sen. Charles Grassley (R-IA) is to be commended on his handling of the situation.
The curriculum also provides instruction in personal finance.
I can state unequivocally that I learned of those settlements only in June of this year, as news broke about the unrelated claim that had been filed in the Archdiocese of New York.
Morning Agriculture A daily briefing on agriculture and food policy — in your inbox.
It disregarded and left out the denials the subjects of the story had issued before it was published.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
North Korea will seemingly halt its missile tests.
Article 73, on the disposition of the material assets of a monastery that has gone completely extinct:
We are not given to know.
The supreme penalty was imposed not only for murder, but for many other serious offenses: for adultery, rape, sodomy, kidnapping, for striking or cursing parents, for sacrificing a child to Moloch.
I do think he would support anybody doing that stuff, Bill Nelson… But I don’t think he can say it just [be]cause he’s trying to get the moderates and the gun-toting people in North Florida…”
He drank excessively at these parties and would grind against girls and try to take their clothing of, she said.
Indeed, according to what Nuncio Pietro Sambi wrote, Father Boniface Ramsey, O.P.’s letter, dated November 22, 2000, was written at the request of the late Nuncio Montalvo.
It’s quite possible that as bad as this report is for Comey, Strzok, Page, and Obama’s FBI leadership… Horowitz’ conclusion in the Russia investigation could prove to be even worse.
On the other hand, every Republican publicly stated that they would vote Yes.
Nuncio Sambi’s report [on McCarrick’s sexual abuse], with all the attachments, was sent to Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone, as Secretary of State.
This, of course, is atypical statistical noise.
Roughly speaking there is a 4-to-4 liberal to conservative ideological split on the court.
After spending almost a week in Mexico City, where many refused to accept asylum from Mexico, the caravan, made up mostly of male Hondurans, but also nationals of other Central American countries, is now on the move towards the United States border.
The Trump DOJ settled with Wilson, finally acknowledging that his 3D print gun files are protected as free speech under the First Amendment.
Number of nuns: 229
American comedians need to start writing scripts that follow in Maher’s footsteps and Americans need to encourage and equip them to do so – and to also vigorously defend them from the attacks and slanders they will inevitably receive from totalitarian leftist and Islamic forces.
The current crisis has put those broader goals at risk, and the White House has scrambled to find a face-saving solution for the Saudi rulers.
American Worker Displacement, Immigrant Population, Black Unemployment ALL DECLINE!
Face masks are placed on children in Antananarivo, Madagascar (AP Photo/Alexander JOE)
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
The former recognizes that an armed populace is a threat to any tyrant and pushes for gun control out of self-preservation.
By Karista Baldwin, Conservative Tribune November 15, 2018:
Well, they told us.
So far, we are being told that authorities are keeping an eye on the migrants as they celebrate their journey, but no reports have been issued saying they have actually crossed over yet.
However, it comes as no surprise from a hypocrite who works for a hypocritical, lying, fake news outlet like CNN.
One paragraph was added to included Wikileaks' denial:
I think they throw that language in to cover for the fact that they are attacking it head on and attacking the rights of the people.
“Resistance to tyranny becomes the Christian duty of each individual… Continue steadfast and, with a proper sense of your dependence on God, nobly defend those rights which Heaven gave, and no man ought to take from us.” (History of the United States of America, Volume.
Her original email was forwarded on to other Google executives by the aforementioned Gevelber, according to another email obtained by Breitbart News.
“The Democrats want open borders and they don’t care about crime.”
Many members of Congress have demanded the White House take tougher actions, including punitive sanctions on Saudi rulers.
ICE had already called out Oakland's radical leftist boss for helping criminals and endangering ICE personnel by tipping them off that a raid was coming.
The case of the Netherlands is downright bizarre; sisters so old that even the federation structures are breaking down.
That claim was later removed.
Video of the migrants was captured in various reports.
Article posted with permission from Sons Of Liberty Media
But before I address Faggioli’s latest defense of the indefensible, some background is in order, including a discussion of further key details of Viganò’s testimony.
There are two key facts in this statement.
-11.90% Not in labor force 80,713 80,880 167 0.21% Source: BLS, The Employment Situation-May 2018, Table A-7, June 1, 2018.
“Some LGBT youths, through various contributions that were received by the General Secretariat of the Synod, wish to benefit from greater closeness and experience greater care by the Church, while some Bishop Conferences ask themselves what to suggest to young people who decide to create homosexual instead of heterosexual couples and, above all, would like to be close to the Church.” §197 IL
“It certainly has brought us no closer to the truth,” Hatch added.
If the equation doesn’t come out in the patient’s favour, the “treatment” recommended for the patient’s “best interests” will include his demise, often procured by withdrawing nutrition and hydration and/or administering slowly lethal doses of sedatives.
Others have begun to deal in practicalities, walking a mile from the shelter to enter their names on a waiting list for an asylum interview.
And it’s a problem not just in West Virginia – it’s a national problem.
One was a Mexican national arrested for robbery and gun crimes, who was released back into the community for a prior offense despite an ICE detainer request in November.
Emboldened by the certainty that he will face no discipline whatsoever, Martin, now backed by “Cupich, Tobin, Farrell and McElroy,” as Viganò testifies, is urging all the “gay priests” to “come out,” including those ordained since the useless “pedophile summit” presided over by none other than McCarrick as the classic fox in charge of the hen house.
If you look up into the northern night sky between Cassiopeia’s “W” asterism and the Great Square of Pegasus, you will find the constellation Andromeda.
There is only one Magisterium, he said, and bishops' conferences can only decide about pastoral questions.
They may get this war, too.
The mother posted the video of the incident on Facebook as evidence of her claims.
But amid myriad legal questions over what exact powers the court would have, it never got off the ground.
The piece did not include the public denial Wikileaks issued to its 5.4 million followers one and a half hour before it was published.
But I think honestly most priests are in this corner and they know it and so do their bishops.
If Kavanaugh isn’t in place a week from Monday, the Supreme Court will begin hearing cases in its new term shorthanded.
Most victims of sexual assault remember every detail – yes, even years later.
In 2013, she shared a stage with Hillary at the Clinton Global Initiative.
Europe today is not afraid of Vladimir Putin reaching the Rhine.
The next day, without question, on August 5, 1964, the New York Times reported “President Johnson has ordered retaliatory action against gunboats and ‘certain supporting facilities in North Vietnam’ after renewed attacks against American destroyers in the Gulf of Tonkin.” Additional outlets, such as the Washington Post, echoed this claim.
None of the encroachments of Islam in public schools should come as any real surprise.
The Hindureported that on December 20, 2020, that students and academicians from various universities in the Netherlands, including the University of Leiden, University of Groningen, and Erasmus University, protested against the CAA and the NRC by peacefully assembling in front of the Indian embassy in Hague.
If, as he now continues to state, he knew nothing of the abuses committed by McCarrick and the measures taken by Pope Benedict, how can his answer be explained?
Additionally, over one million North and South Vietnamese, including 627,000 civilians would be slaughtered.
The move is similar to what the bureau did when allegations were leveled against former White House aide Rob Porter.
Can they not comprehend that simply faithfully living our daily life provides plenty of on-going formation.”
He kept his hat, too.”
Authorities have to start subjecting mosques and other Islamic institutions to surveillance — and discard the suicidal leftist notion that it is “racist” and Islamophobic to do so.
Instead of establishing judgment within the gate and hating the evil and loving the good (Amos 5:15) in hopes that the Lord may be gracious to their repentance (2 Corinthians 7:10), they reject the counsel of God against them by hating the good and loving the evil, and that to their own damnation.
In fact, “autonomy” is held up as the single most important criterion for determining a monastery’s viability.
Senior World Health Organization (WHO) official Peter Salama said the spread to Mbandaka meant there was the potential for an “explosive increase” in cases.
The Andromeda constellation is also home to various other deep sky objects.
Daniel Greenfield wrote about Dina Habib Powell:
Do you know anything about what to feed a sheep or how to care for a cow?
The government, meanwhile, remains firm on implementing the new citizenship law. Home minister Amit Shah had made it clear that implementation of the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) will be followed by the National Register of Citizens (NRC) throughout India that will be concluded by 2024 – though the party seems to be on the backfoot now.
We will learn nothing about Kavanaugh that makes him any less eminently qualified for the Supreme Court, nothing that can add to the thousands of pages of documents already presented to the Committee, or the hundreds of hours of the judge’s testimony before rabid partisans and office-seekers.
It’s less than 300 km or 175 miles from Bikoro and reachable by water.
And the Preacher notes that when “sentence is not speedily pronounced against the evil, the children of men commit evils without any fear” (Eccles.
What outcome would justify another U.S. war in a region where all the previous wars in this century have left us bleeding, bankrupt, divided and disillusioned?
Currently, two groups of migrants, according to various estimates numbering up to 6,500 people, mainly families, are heading towards the US through Mexico.
According to The Washington Post:
He was out to STOP THE ELECTION OF DONALD TRUMP.
Now, the pope’s reply to my testimony was: “I will not say a word!” But then, contradicting himself, he has compared his silence to that of Jesus in Nazareth and before Pilate, and compared me to the great accuser, Satan, who sows scandal and division in the Church — though without ever uttering my name.
But even before the hurricane, housing in the U.S. territory—where 43.5 percent of people live below the poverty line—was in crisis, and many homes on the island were built with salvaged fixtures and without permits, insurance or inspections.
I know that there is a plethora of pastors who teach that Christians ought to obey the government should it outlaw our guns.
These are odd statements coming from Pope Francis, a world-class Islamopanderer; notice that he said nothing about who was doing the persecuting, and implied that it was the fault of powers outside the Middle East.
Pope Leo XIII re-affirmed this truth in Sapientiae Christianae in 1890, when he declared that “true and legitimate authority is devoid of sanction unless it proceed from God the supreme Ruler and Lord of all.
Many of us are not lawyers, but we know Brett Kavanaugh as a person.
-1.6% Unemployed 2,085 2,037 -48 -2.3% Unemployment rate (%) 8.6% 8.4% -0.2%pt.
WikiLeaks’ revelations became part of the Guardian’s marketing plan to raise the paper’s cover price.
Subsequently, around April 21-23, 2008, the Statement for Pope Benedict XVI about the pattern of sexual abuse crisis in the United States, by Richard Sipe, was published on the internet, at richardsipe.com.
The constellation is best-known for the Andromeda Galaxy, which is one of the most famous objects in the sky that can be seen with the naked eye.
That last statement comes amid nearly constant complaints from Trump that Justice Department and FBI investigators are being unfair to the president and his allies.
This is an embarrassment to our County and to Democracy!”
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
“The congressman was insistent that The Daily Caller misquoted him during the interview and that he didn’t subscribe to Farrakhan’s anti-Semitic statements and actions in the past,” the ADL official told JTA in a statement.
"What has the NRA done for you lately?"
The Washington Free Beacon reported Wednesday that “the Obama administration skirted key U.S. sanctions to grant Iran access to billions in hard currency despite public assurances the administration was engaged in no such action, according to a new congressional investigation.”
“There is no travel ban on them… there is no white guy ban.”
Based on Hadeed’s narrow legal argument about the life insurance contract’s language, the judge ruled that, “The son as the owner of the policy has the absolute right to change the beneficiary.”
America's Immigration Voice.
That power allows him to direct officials where to focus their resources or to fire them when he chooses, as Trump did when removing James B. Comey as FBI director last year.
However, a new ruling in a court case over 3-D printer files of guns has now made gun control virtually impossible.
The therapist’s notes “do not mention Kavanaugh’s name but say she reported that she was attacked by students ‘from an elitist boys’ school’ who went on to become ‘highly respected and high-ranking members of society in Washington.’”
Mauro Inzoli after Pope Benedict had removed him from ministry (until he went to prison, at which point Pope Francis laicized him), and his halting of the investigation of sex abuse allegations against Cardinal Cormac Murphy O’Connor.
“What she did is no better than a gang lookout yelling ‘police’ when a police cruiser comes in the neighborhood, except she did it to a whole community,” Homan told "Fox & Friends."
While Francis later apologized, he persisted in defending Barros, denying that he had received any testimony himself and restating that such unproven accusations are “slander.”
Of course, that’s not to say the storms are insignificant — many are large enough to swallow and entire continent here on Earth — so watching one breathe its dying gasps is still a special sight.
Was CFIUS told?
take our poll - story continues below Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back?
He said he told the president “that we ought to give them a few more days to complete that so that we too have a complete understanding of the facts” before making decisions on how the U.S. should respond.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
But they likely will be felt in one way or another.
Sort of a side project of the Clinton Foundation.
Be forewarned that inviting young people from ages 16-29 to the Synod to discuss vocations with Bishops poses serious moral and physical dangers to these unsuspecting youth, many of whom think homosexuality is cool.
By the way, since Facebook has unpublished ClashDaily’s page, your best bet to keep in the loop is to Subscribe to our ClashDaily Newsletter right here:
Then, yesterday, on Sept. 13, Facebook notified Jamie that it had made a mistake and that it was lifting his block.
He sent me the packets the school gave out for the Jewish and the Christian lessons and commented:
Similarly, Jude 7 declares, "...Sodom and Gomorrah and the surrounding towns gave themselves up to sexual immorality and perversion."
The world is so much bigger than Farrakhan and the Jewish question and his position on that and so forth.
“We did [the unit on Christianity] over a week and two days.
“The employee was sent to the United States for further evaluation.
The same would presumably be the case for Ms. Ramirez.
It is yet to be determined whether the federal investigation will find Democratic ineptitude or deception in this case.
Well, when every time there's a man that you don't like running for public office or being nominated for a position, some woman crawls out from a line of protesters and makes an ambiguous-at-best claim about unwanted sexual advances, it becomes increasingly difficult to take you seriously.
In fact, all the hopeful commenters on blogs and other social media who keep telling me how much they “miss” him have failed to respect him in one way; they won’t take him at his word.
I don't want these people to sit on juries.
Before starting my writing, I would first of all like to give thanks and glory to God the Father for every situation and trial that He has prepared and will prepare for me during my life.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
The intruders are assumed to those who were “forced or compelled to take shelter in India due to persecution on the ground of their religion” in their native country.
If this latest story about Manafort and Assange is false—that is, if, for example, the sources lied to Harding and Collyns (or if the sources themselves were lied to and thus thought they were being truthful in their statements to the journalists), or if the Ecuadorian intelligence document is a fake, the most logical explanation is that it is an attempt to make Harding look bad.
Colm O’Gorman, an Irish abuse survivor who founded One in Four, the main survivors’ group in Ireland, commented on Twitter that the pope offered “Much stronger language than ever used before.”
The Chinese generally filed asylum applications after arriving in the United States, and, importantly, not at an American embassy or consulate in Indonesia or nearby.
Instead, they’re so hellbent on destroying President Trump that they have directed all their energy to retailing Soviet fictions and titillating porn stories.
Gay seminarians who intend to be celibate, Sipe said, face tremendous pressure to have sex.
Kavanaugh added: "I am innocent of this charge."
Squandering the capital of trust
Maciel, for whom it has been shown ALL the Legion’s leadership was covering.
The BBC reports that Health Minister Oly Ilunga Kalenga confirmed a case in Mbandaka, a city of a million people about 130km (80 miles) from the area where the first cases were confirmed earlier this month.
We will work on making that happen.'
According to Wilson, they seized control of the information.
“We are currently in conversation with Representative Davis’ office about this issue.
Emergency responders initially did not know if it was an attack or some sort of mishap.
The report from Great Britain notes: “18 Carmels have closed in the last 40 years.
• In late 2016, the former Chairman of the Democratic Caucus announced his intention to resign from Congress to assume a new position.
This would mean independent non-profit foundations that could build or buy church buildings, convents and even schools and provide salaries for priests and other staff.
Read Porter’s article here.
I call them Vichy journalists — after the Vichy government that served and enabled the German occupation of wartime France.
“Everywhere he wants to get migration accepted.
The previous administration, however, filed an overzealous appeal that resulted in the Hammonds being sentenced to five years in prison.
However, voters should be aware of the unethical practice of both of these senators.
She told no one about the assault until 30 years later.
Trump potentially has the ability to nominate 3 Supreme Court justices during his presidency, thus shaping the laws and morals of this country for about the next 30 years.
It appears the Guardian has simply taken this story, provided by spooks, at face value.
The story, from Ruben Navarette, Jr., published in the Daily Beast, is headlined: “Why the Latino Vote Didn’t Save America.” The sub-headline, “Hispanic voters were supposed to be one of Clinton’s blue firewalls—but one in three ended up splitting for Trump,” is also included in Murillo’s Google email.
Orbán warned that as Western Europe becomes saturated with Muslim occupants, Islamists would soon seek to stream in to his country from both Western Europe as well as from Islamic nations.
Watch: Campus Commie Has Profanity-Laden Hissy Fit, Pours Beverage on FSU Republicans
He has to go.
The talk comes from the GOP establishment.
"I’ve said that many, many years ago.”
3)A Supervisory council, also to be appointed periodically by the Superior General, which will be made up of three members, whose president will be, preferably, a member of a religious institute, preferably of the Carmelite Order and appointed to functions.
YOUNG: “… I do think he’s not saying specifically like I’m going to ban bump stocks or I’m against ATs, only because he’s running a race right now.
Manafort held secret talks with Assange in Ecuadorian embassy Donald Trump’s former campaign manager Paul Manafort held secret talks with Julian Assange inside the Ecuadorian embassy in London, and visited around the time he joined Trump’s campaign, the Guardian has been told.
Harding earlier wrote a book about Edward Snowden which was a similar sham.
Shortly after the Guardian's fake news story went public Paul Manafort issued an unequivocal denial:
The is zero evidence in the Politico screed that supports its suggestions and claims.
Editor's Note: In a March 11th letter signed by Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI and addressed to Msgr.
Another student told my daughter that she and the first student and her adult friends are going to kill me and carve a satanic star in my chest and rip out my organs.
Depending on the alien’s criminal history, an alien who illegally reenters the United States, after having been previously removed, has committed a felony punishable by up to 20 years in federal prison.
The communication of goods in a Federation is implemented through contributions, gifts, loans that monasteries offer other monasteries that have financial difficulties, and for the common needs of the Federation.
This outlier differs from the Western European federations in several respects, notably that it was only federated in 2002.
While it is undoubtedly true that not all Muslims in any given age have ever waged jihad, there has never been in Islamic history an Islamic entity or organization that was opposed to waging jihad and dedicated to stopping those who were waging it.
I am a terrorist.
What did “silencing” by Ratzinger’s CDF do to stop Hans Kung becoming a celebrity “priest-theologian,” courted by the media for his loathing of Catholicism?
The reality of sin — even sin in the Church — is nothing new.
The monstrous debacle of Amoris Laetitia is as much Kasper’s work as Bergoglio’s.
The third accuser is Julie Swetnick, a 55-year-old certified systems engineer, who on Wednesday claimed that in the early 1980s Kavanaugh and others spiked the drinks of young women at high school parties with intoxicants to clear the way for them to be gang-raped.
I think this is the time we are going to have to start overcoming our class snobbery.
Three illegal immigrants, who avoided capture after Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf blew the whistle on a raid by federal immigration authorities last month, have since been re-arrested for new crimes including robbery and spousal abuse, ICE officials said.
Sr. Enrica Rosanna, the representative of the Vatican’s Congregation for Religious told them that the “two great challenges to our contemplative life” are “the challenge of globalization and the challenge of irrelevancy.” She warned the nuns against bringing vocations from other countries to keep their monasteries alive, dropping a hint about what now seems to be a particular obsession of the Congregation.
By 2012, this had proved impossible.
“He doesn’t feel that he has to intervene in the process, nor is he intervening,” said Sekulow.
Ask Him for the help you need daily and throughout every day.
One can’t help but hearken back to the criteria for monasteries that were allowed to survive the revolutionary purges in 18th and 19th century Europe.
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
This is INSANE.
In those theories, the penalty can include sanctions such as the diminution of some goods guaranteed by law, so as to teach the guilty to live honestly, but those theories fail to consider the expiation of the crime committed, which penalizes the violation of the law as the prime function of penalty .
Now, it is the “pro-gun” Republican President Donald Trump who is the one making it happen.
Of those 232, 180 “were either convicted criminals, had been issued a final order of removal and failed to depart the United States, or had been previously removed” from the country and had come back illegally.
The spirit of aggiornamento quickly spread through the Church in the 1960s – and the seminaries especially.
A 2009 article in the Pakistani publication Dawn, headlined “Influential expat shields father from long arm of law,” said Awan’s father was facing criminal fraud charges involving a land deal, but Awan used political connections to pressure the police into targeting the alleged victims instead.
© AP Photo / Abbas Dulleh Ebola-Like Marburg Virus Kills Two People in Uganda
We are in the early stages of a cultural civil war in which the left sees itself losing.
Most South Koreans shrug off the North’s threats and seek to avoid war at all costs.
It was aimed only at one group, a group that Google cynically assumed would vote exclusively for the Democratic Party.
But if they turn away, then seize them and kill them wherever you find them and take not from among them any ally or helper (4:89).
It is time to be honest that the problems are both and they are more.
Instead of reaching out to the greatest demographic here in America, public high schools, they send missionaries to foreign lands to do there what they fail to do for their own here.
The other issue that I want to make is that, you know, again, this idea that somehow that you are endorsing the repression of other countries’ leaders if you meet with them—it is true that Trump has never criticized Putin, although he has taken all the steps I just outlined against Putin.
One of these things is not like the others.
He asked me: “What is Cardinal Wuerl like, is he good or bad?” I replied, “Holy Father, I will not tell you if he is good or bad, but I will tell you two facts.” They are the ones I have already mentioned above, which concern Wuerl’s pastoral carelessness regarding the aberrant deviations at Georgetown University and the invitation by the Archdiocese of Washington to young aspirants to the priesthood to a meeting with McCarrick!
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.
Government officials say about half of the housing in Puerto Rico was built illegally and without a permit, The Miami Herald reported Wednesday, which could amount to as many as 1 million homes.
“Mayors are on the frontlines of America’s gun violence crisis, so it’s no surprise they’re also leading the charge to pass common-sense, life-saving laws,” said Everytown president John Feinblatt.
* Yes, he will be confirmed.
The FBI’s bafflement here is part of its deep, deep corruption.
Gun confiscation has started in America—and President Trump’s Stalinist statements about taking guns first and worrying about due process later is the banner under which this is happening.
A snaking line of traffic is visible at the San Ysidro Port of Entry after CBP announced it would close multiple entry lanes into the U.S. at two San Diego-area ports of entry in anticipation of the so-called migrant caravan's arrival.
The President of the Federation, having heard the opinion of the Federal Council, chooses the most appropriate places to hold the specific formative courses for the formators and their collaborators, as well as those who are called to exercise the service of authority, establishing the duration of these courses in such a way that they are not detrimental to the needs of the contemplative life and of the community.
“The ordinary people of Iran are suffering under economic stagnation, while the regime ships its wealth abroad to fight its expansionist wars and to pad the bank accounts of the Mullahs and the IRGC command,” SSG writes in the paper.
“Although I have enjoyed this work tremendously over these many election cycles, both large and small, I am ready to pass the torch,” she wrote.
We worked very hard.
This is another example of how foreign lobbies and special interest groups maintain an iron grip on our foreign policy.
And Habib Powell was there as a presenter at the Middle East Institute after a speech by the PLO’s Hanan Ashrawi.
The ‘conservatives’ are complicit, too.” In short, as it was during his days of glory, globe trotting on the dime of the State Department, hosting presidents for dinner and inviting John Paul II and Mother Theresa to tea, so it is now: McCarrick is the face of the New Paradigm.
Breitbart News also obtained them, and has reached out to Google with a number of questions about the emails.
That’s an economic asset that we can’t afford to turn up our well-educated noses at.
"If code is speech, the constitutional contradictions are evident," Wilson explained to WIRED when he first launched the lawsuit in 2015.
Today, there’s also a fifth column working to tear down the walls from within – not only pedophiles like John Geoghan, but also predators like Theodore McCarrick.
A Muslim terrorist stabbed four people at a train station near Munich while screaming, “Allahu Akbar”.
Asked last night about the nomination moving to the floor of the Senate for a final vote, Chairman Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) reportedly answered, "Depends on what happens tomorrow."
@10News pic.twitter.com/rc6YsAF5VQ — Mimi Elkalla (@10NewsMimi) November 13, 2018
It is the ninth time Ebola has been recorded in the DRC.
The scales have fallen from Fisher’s eyes and now, at last, she sees Bergoglio, however grudgingly, for what he is: a power-mad ecclesiastical tyrant.
Democrats Want Us To Believe All Women…Unless They’re Accusing Keith Ellison, Bill Clinton, Al Franken Or George Soros
And yet the possibility that it might be the dozen or so pissed-off people who went to work for the Clinton machine and learned from the inside that the DNC was all about getting rid of Bernie Sanders…this is not a part of the story!
The remarks represent the first time senior Iranian officials have publicly admitted to aiding al Qaeda and playing a direct role in facilitating the 9/11 attacks.
The first is our 'Stop Soros' law."
During World War II Cardinal Jozsef Mindszenty was a huge critic of fascism and wound up in prison.
It looks like we committed to a whole lot beyond just allowing the immobilized funds to settle out."
In addition, you promised to obey and be loyal to your bishop.
What is new is the seeming acceptance of sin by some in the Church, and the apparent efforts to cover over sin by them and others.
“Thought you all would want to read this,” Gevelber wrote in her own message endorsing Murillo’s email in a message to other Google bigwigs.
Senator Dianne Feinstein sat for months on Ford’s letter and then––just as the Dems did in 1991with Anita Hill’s charges of sexual harassment against Clarence Thomas’s during his hearings––released it only when Kavanaugh appeared to be heading for confirmation.
Also, if you’ve been hurt by a priest of our diocese, I encourage you to come forward, to make a report to law enforcement and to our Victim’s Assistance Coordinator, so that we might begin, with you as an individual, to try and set things right to the greatest extent possible.
If Ryan is correct, an investigation will show it; but the current evidence suggests he is wrong.
It is therefore to God, and not to His creatures that reparation is primarily due.
In fact, a just punishment is an important work of love and mercy, because, while it serves primarily as retribution for the offense committed, it also offers the guilty party an opportunity to make expiation for his sin in this life (if he willingly accepts his punishment), thus sparing him worse punishment in the life to come.
Rome, August 22, 2018
The world has not compromised—its spirit is exactly the same as it ever was.
The arrests include:
Federal Prosecutors Called In After Florida Democrats Caught Altering Election Documents
Shadi Hamid of the Qatar-funded Brookings Institution declared: “Trump has so rarely recognized that American Muslims even exist, but this offers apparent proof that he is aware of our existence.
In the words of Queen Elizabeth, this year has been annus horribilis for Francis.
Others are seen using cars to continue their trek towards the border.
Trump not only defeated 16 Bush Republicans, he presented an agenda on immigration, border security, amnesty, intervention abroad, the Middle East, NAFTA, free trade, Putin and Russia that was a rejection of what the Bush-Boehner Party had stood for and what its presidential candidates in 2008 and 2012, John McCain and Mitt Romney, had run on.
Federation of Croatia & Bosnia-Herzegovina: 82 nuns in 5 convents, with an average age of 47, and eleven in formation.
In remarks after his address, reported by the German Catholic newspaper Die Tagespost, the cardinal made it clear what he thinks about the recently presented German idea of blessing homosexual unions, even if only in individual cases: “If a priest blesses a homosexual couple, then this is an atrocity at a holy site, namely, to approve of something that God does not approve of.”
That was too much for O’Malley, who said Francis had caused "great pain” to victims.
The circumstances pertaining to our day would therefore dictate a reassessment of the death penalty, which the new man-centered theology insists on viewing almost exclusively from the standpoint of the criminal and human society rather than from God’s.
It can't be a case of Muslim Judeophobia.
Popular at home but increasingly at odds politically and economically with mainstream European Union peers, Orban has thrived on external controversy, including repeated clashes with Brussels and lately the United Nations.
And now on to "civil rights hero" (TM) Rep. Clyburn.
“I keep trying to point out to people not to demonize any one group or any one ethnicity, but we keep thinking the biggest terror threat is something else,” Lemon said.
By doing that, WikiLeaks performed an extraordinary public service, while at the same time making some very serious enemies.
Genesis chapter 19 records the two angels, disguised as human men, visiting Sodom and Gomorrah.
It won’t work.
That's all that matters, cause after all, they're (Bill and Hillary) good people, aren't they, Mr. President?
It appears in the document 16 times and “autonomous” 30 times.
Scrap “Countering Violent Extremism.”
Trump seemed certain he could somehow cajole China into disarming North Korea’s nuclear arsenal.
Senator Feinstein turned the letter over to the FBI.
In 1999, he made another step up, being appointed secretary of the Pontifical Council for Promoting Christian Unity, the “ecumenical” office where his manifest religious indifferentism could be given free reign.
You may opt out at anytime.
He's a precedence man!
You might think that would have cured him of facile Nazi analogies.
Then, their demands began.
Smith defines Gillum’s political beliefs as “part of the crazy crazy crazies” on the progressive Left.
We even helped them create ad campaigns to promote the rides (with support from HOLA folks who rallied and volunteered their time to help).
Many races were annihilated.
Average age: between 64
I'm not sure if he should have.
New demands and fake emergencies are bound to arise from Ford’s legal team.
c) Rooms adapted to the lifestyle of the community, to ensure that the nuns can regularly lead the contemplative life according to the nature and spirit of their Institute.
So what's going on here?
Grassley shouldn’t cave on these conditions.
The quality of public discourse in India has plummeted to rock bottom. It is a harangue of incredible ignorance exacerbated by malicious disinformation, a Goebbelsian exercise par excellence that would make even Goebbels flinch. Especially disconcerting is the role of supposed intellectuals, who instead of putting a brake on this canard, fish in troubled waters. Nothing illustrates this better than the recent high-decibel brouhaha over the Citizenship Amendment Act and National Register of Citizens. In order to clear up the overwhelming atmosphere of misconception we need to objectively look at the CAA and NRC. The first question: Are we morally justified in granting accelerated citizenship to Hindus, Sikhs, Christians and other minorities from Pakistan, Bangladesh and Afghanistan?
Clearly, you and Fr.
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Teams are motivated and working hard.
Currently, Washington has allocated roughly the same number of troops it has committed to fighting Islamic State in Syria (2,000) and Iraq (5,000).
During the return flight from Dublin after the “World Meeting of Familes,” he was asked to comment on Viganò ’s allegations that he had informed Bergoglio of McCarrick’s crimes in 2013 as well as the sanctions imposed by Benedict.
Article posted with permission from The Washington Standard
They are insane in their lust for power, and will destroy even our democratic system to get it.
“And then you this other con artist, Avenatti, come out with another beauty today."
The corrupt Pharisees along with corrupt government did the opposite.
“Law enforcement professionals said these specialized protection orders could be a common sense strategy to try and prevent mass shootings – such as what happened in Parkland, Florida.
His employer was a San Antonio nightspot called Rumble.
Instead, it amended the text, without acknowledging it had done so, to attribute the claims to unnamed, and uncheckable, “sources”.
The sins of the fathers were the reason the Midianites had power to oppress them.
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
Since then, there have been numerous allegations of sexual misconduct levied toward the Justice to be.
And now she has gone full rogue, prohibiting the deportation of all these illegal aliens who already had their day in immigration court.Saris appears to be making up immigration law and procedure on the fly, as her order appears to not understand either the EOIR process or immigration law.
Long live Hitler, to death the Jews. "
Solutions offered are equally uniform: heaped-up bureaucracy, common formation courses between monasteries developed by “religious psychologists,” ever more powers handed to federations.
Patel has previously performed on Late Night with Seth Meyers and opened for comedians such as Chris Rock.
Rather, it need only be shown by “a preponderance of evidence” that the person poses a risk of injury to self or others.
Many potential homeschooling parents are concerned about the failure of school administrators to effectively protect children from bullying by other students.
In April 2016, the House’s Chief Administrative Officer (CAO) detected allegedly falsified purchase orders, and the Inspector General quickly expanded the scope to investigate cyber violations, finding that members of the Awan family improperly accessed congressmen’s servers and the House Democratic Caucus server thousands of times.
There is a law that applies to this situation.
This was possible owing to the lack of any set canonical form for papal elections; a Pope could gain or regain the office by various machinations.
And, by the way, black unemployment is at a record low.
Affirm Sharia’s Assault on the U.S. Constitution as Seditious.
The big frigid blue ball is the farthest planet from the Sun — since we don’t count Pluto as a planet anymore — and it hasn’t been studied with the same intensity of many of the others.
In the version she saw, she said Snipes, 75, expressed a desire to spend more time with her family.
In any case, I myself brought up the subject with Cardinal Wuerl on several occasions, and I certainly didn’t need to go into detail because it was immediately clear to me that he was fully aware of it.
This is gross dereliction of duty, and we hope and pray that all the good U.S. bishops would jump at the opportunity to issue statements reaffirming the Church's clear teaching against all sins of the flesh, homo- and heterosexual.
According to Breitbart, in the mother’s post on Facebook, which has since been taken down, Patricia Spittler asks for help in identifying the man she called “scum bag of the year.” The San Antonio CBS affiliate reported that Spittler wrote: “His friend was wearing a patriotic hat, and this happened!
The CAA will therefore help numerous people that previously were unable to provide the required documentation.
What started after the 2016 election as a reduction in the rate of increase in the foreign-born population of working age has turned into an outright retreat.
There will be no turning back.
This “I’m offended” or “his gun scares me” complaint is nothing but cover for little Nazis to try and deny another person their Natural, God-given liberty.
But Leftists rarely have to answer for their corruption, and in a Democrat House, Omar will much more likely be celebrated than investigated.
It took an attorney and six days of very belated reflection to help revive her memory of an incident she claimed happened while she herself was very drunk.
He suppressed what happened in Baghdad that day, dismissed it as simply “one bad day in a surge that was filled with such days,” and then had the temerity to lavish praise on the unit in a book he called “The Good Soldiers.” Julian is right to emphasize that the world is deeply indebted to patriotic truth-tellers like the sources who provided the gun-barrel footage and the many documents on Afghanistan and Iraq to WikiLeaks.
When his father died on Jan. 16, 2017, the youngest Awan brother, Jamal, attested on the death certificate provided to the insurance company that his father was divorced, a statement Gilani’s lawyer said would have kept her from the money.
The Bishops of the United States are called, and I with them, to follow the example of these first martyrs who brought the Gospel to the lands of America, to be credible witnesses of the immeasurable love of Christ, the Way, the Truth and the Life.
“We don’t have any nexus of terrorism at this point,” Ragan said.
Last week, Breitbart News reported how caravan migrants in Tijuana began scaling the U.S.-Mexico border fence.
However, upon learning of his behavior the local Green Party told the media that Jimenez had been cut off from the party for his uncalled for attack on a child.
You can see her out there at the Clinton Global Initiative, next to Samantha Power, palling around with Valerie Jarrett or Huma Abedin.
take our poll - story continues below
Muhammad advises the same thing, according to the tradition of the Muslim doctors: wherefore the great Temur always strove to exterminate the infidels, as much to acquire that glory, as to signalise himself by the greatness of his conquests.”
The other day the American conservative writer, John Zmirak, wrote a sound suggestion on Twitter that I think it’s time we all started taking seriously.
Donald Trump was elected on the promise of protecting the Second Amendment (among other things).
“Islamophobia,” Leftists insist, is a much greater issue.
8 – In coming to Goldman Sachs, Powell joined a firm that has long been deeply tied to the Clintons.
That source pointed out that the license "did not authorize Iran to conduct commercial transactions denominated in US dollars.
The Democrats are committing voter fraud on a massive scale, and not only in Florida, but in Arizona, Georgia, California and elsewhere.
If Sodano had protected Maciel, as seems certain, there is no reason why he wouldn’t have done so for McCarrick, who according to many had the financial means to influence decisions.
..This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further.
Your support makes our work possible.
During this operation, ERO deportation officers made arrests in the following Missouri cities: St. Joseph (6), Belton (1), Blue Springs (1), Independence (2) and Kansas City (6).
Glazov told Breitbart, “This is really getting surreal in the creepiest and most harrowing Stalinist sense.”
It’s tough to handle now that we know not all of us were against this, so we may be even more divided than ever.
A time of conversion and penance must be proclaimed.
The Milky Way measures about 100,000 light-years or 30 kiloparsecs across.
The first thing Cor orans does is claim continuity with both pre and post-Vatican II theology.
And what of the infamous Instrumentum Laboris, drafted by the crafty Cardinal Baldisseri, Secretary General of the Synod of Bishops, noteworthy of the infamous First Synod on the Family?
The full video shows Smith saying that the strategy to change the Florida legislature is to take “poor” and “middle income” people and “whip them up into a frenzy in order for them to vote.”
WHO has reported 2119 cases of the plague as of November 10.
I believe it was 1982.
You may opt out at anytime.
It doesn’t admit that there is a war going on, and treats each act of Islamic terror as if it were a separate and discrete criminal event, unrelated to all the others.
McFarland had written that “Global Islamist jihad is at war with all of Western civilization.” It’s not hard to see why McMaster pushed out McFarland and elevated Habib-Powell.
She responded: “Drawing attention to the apartheid Israeli regime is far from hating Jews.
This defensive Guardian claim is, like its story, evidently completely false.
The consequences of that act have been so outlandish – even for people who are mostly OK with Francis – that very few people are still willing to make polite noises about it.
Horowitz found that Peter Strzok, Lisa Page, and James Comey were all involved.
Due to our very advanced age in the Netherlands we have reached the moment when a General Assembly is no longer possible.
How many ovens would you need to burn six million human beings?” Sheikh Al-‘Ayesh’s posted his address on his personal YouTube channel on May 26.
The past weeks have brought a great deal of scandal, justified anger, and a call for answers and action by many faithful Catholics here in the U.S. and overseas, directed at the Church hierarchy regarding sexual sins by bishops, priests, and even cardinals.
“We need to make sure we are mindful of that as we approach decisions” on whether to impose sanctions or take other punitive steps against Riyadh, as many in Congress and elsewhere have urged.
So why are our bishops playing dumb?
In the end, Only the corrupt king acknowledges the God of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego.
Regarding Bergoglio, Viganò testifies that in 2013 he personally informed him about McCarrick’s history, the dossier of the Congregation for Bishops on his sexual crimes against boys and young men, and the disciplinary sanctions imposed upon him by Benedict XVI (forbidding residence in a seminary, public appearances and Masses).
“Are there instances that work well within the Church which balance autonomy in a way that can be helpful in these situations?
Perhaps the most damaging new revelation in the report is a previously-unreported text message in which Peter Strzok, a key investigator on both the Clinton email case and the investigation of Russia and the Trump campaign, assured an FBI lawyer in August 2016 that “we’ll stop” Trump from making it to the White House.
The Trump administration has levied tough sanctions on Russia.
The volume of complaints convinced Seattle police to seek an extreme risk protection order – or ‘erpo’ – which allows law enforcement to legally remove guns from people deemed a danger to themselves or others.
You may opt out at anytime.
in formation: 5
Another ground for deposition—as determined by the imperfect council, not any of us—would be that Bergoglio has deposed himself by promulgating heresy, fracturing the Church’s universal discipline respecting marriage and the Eucharist, and undermining the teaching of even his own immediate predecessors on matters of fundamental morality upheld by the Magisterium for two millennia.
With these appointments the Nunciature in Washington was now out of the picture in the appointment of bishops.
Trump on Tuesday described Powell as a “person I would consider” when asked about her possible nomination.
Where are they to live?
The scandal of McCarrick is simply a toxic emission, a venting of the gasses that build up naturally around any rotting thing.
“If you don’t want to be saying the words ‘Speaker Pelosi’ for the next two years, you gotta go out and vote,” Trump said as he stumped for congressional candidates Greg Pence and Jim Bair.
Awan told people Wasserman Schultz chose the name for his daughter, Leza — a Jewish name — and that the Florida congresswoman’s daughter regularly rode a horse that Awan kept at a boarding facility, sources with knowledge of the relationship told TheDCNF.
After Farrakhan's speech Sunday, CNN anchor Jake Tapper, among a few others, began tweeting out a few quotes from it, and declared that Farrakhan was more dangerous than other "alt-reich" leaders because he “has a much larger following and elected officials meet with him openly.” His Twitter thread begins here:
Cupich is the very model of a Novus Ordo bishop.
Scorecard: See If Your Representative Or Senator Supports The Second Amendment Or Not
Nevertheless, using their standard contemptible, obstructionist tactics, the Democrats opposed to Judge Kavanaugh happily seized on the unsubstantiated allegation of teen sexual misbehavior in high school to assassinate Judge Kavanaugh’s character.
Mr. Horowitz also did not deem Comey’s possible perjury in his testimony before Congress to be an appropriate subject for criminal referral.
They’re serious but not solid.
"I support my President and, if you don’t, let’s have a conversation about it instead of ripping my hat off,” he told the station.
The perception of events by a 15-year-old girl may differ significantly from reality.
The information was sent on Nov. 9 by Bradley McVay, DOS’ interim general counsel, who asked that the altered dates be investigated.
We emphasized our mission to give Latinos access to information so that they can make an informed decision at the polls, and we feel very grateful for all the support to do this important work.
It isn’t a surprise that so many have decided to educate their children themselves.
The president’s Sunday and Monday attacks on Mueller and his team came after reports that White House Counsel Donald McGahn was interviewed by Mueller and his team for more than one full day.
In the emails, a Google executive describes efforts to pay for free rides for a certain sect of the population to the polls–a get-out-the-vote for Hispanic voters operation–and how these efforts were because she thought it would help Hillary Clinton win the general election in 2016.
We know that the Islamic State, al-Qaeda and other groups have called upon Muslims in the U.S. to try to kill military personnel and police, as well as civilians.
The Wire‘s report on December 19, 2019, stated that hundreds of people protested outside the High Commission of India in London on the eve of December 18 despite the rain, to protest against the Citizen Amendment Act (CAA) and the National Register of Citizens (NRC). ANI did not cover this incident either.
To eradicate these, Muslims are required to wage war until there exists none of it in the world, and the only religion is that of Allah.
Mark it down: Any law demanding the citizenry to surrender their AR-15 rifles would be unconstitutional, unnatural, and unbiblical.
Gyulchekhra Bobokulova beheaded a 4-year-old girl and displayed her head in the street while shouting, “Allahu Akbar.
What of Jeremiah?
Powell has close ties to the Clintons.
(Then were the days of unleavened bread.)
In light of the passage, the most common response to the question, "What was the sin of Sodom and Gomorrah?"
The GOP currently controls the Senate, which has the final say on judicial nominations, by an uncomfortably close margin of 51 to 49.
How willing they are to overlook judgment when it comes to the criminals that run rampant in this country, and on the other hand how willing they are to show compassion to the criminals while overlooking the victims.
A “man” attacked a teenager who was wearing a #MAGA hat.
is not unjust or incorrect.
Since most of them were adolescents and older teenagers they could not be set free, thus Obama ordered various military bases to house these children.
[1] An aside that will perhaps be noteworthy to traditionalist readers is the little comment in the report on the difficulty of having a liturgical observance between all the disparate nations represented at the meeting.
Democrats would prefer to drag the confirmation process into the next Congress where they stand a good chance of taking control from Republicans.
* Yes, military force should be used.
A detailed snapshot of American worker displacement over the past year is available in the Employment Status of the Civilian Population by Nativity table published in the monthly BLS Report.
The high court normally has a complement of nine justices but with Associate Justice Anthony Kennedy’s retirement July 31, which cleared the way for Kavanaugh’s nomination, there have only been only eight justices in place.
It has been a month since I offered my testimony, solely for the good of the Church, regarding what occurred at the audience with Pope Francis on June 23, 2013 and regarding certain matters I was given to know in the assignments entrusted to me at the Secretariat of State and in Washington, in relation to those who bear responsibility for covering up the crimes committed by the former archbishop of that capital.
The Times added that “the dead man’s religious beliefs and affiliation are not known at this point, said Ragan, who debunked a rumor that some sort of ‘jihad’ video was found on Kazi’s phone.”
But it’s a simple truth: he’s a heretic.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
American Raj: Liberati... Eric Margolis Best Price: $5.99 Buy New $46.29 (as of 07:40 EDT - Details)
Even in the tragic affair of McCarrick, Pope Francis’s behavior was no different.
Instead the Muslim terrorist had been “mentally ill” and was probably not even fit to stand trial.
To borrow Churchill’s definition of appeasement, stop feeding the alligator in the hopes that you will be eaten last.
“Why is that even relevant?” Bacon said of Jamal’s misstatement at the March 7 court date.
The GOP currently controls the Senate, which has the final say on judicial nominations, by an uncomfortably close margin of 51 to 49.
Kavanaugh has already undergone six FBI background checks and the agency has ruled out investigating Ford’s allegation of drunken groping at a teenagers’ party 36 years ago.
Most importantly, as Sebastian Gorka urges in Defeating Jihad: The Winnable War, the government needs to lay down a vision, an actual “threat doctrine analysis” in a thorough document, just like George Kennan’s Long Telegram and NSC-68 did in laying out the strategic foundation to fighting communism in the Cold War.
I believe it is more likely than not that Donald Trump has committed sexual assault.
Democratic Illinois Rep. Danny Davis thinks Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan, a notorious racist and anti-Semite, does “outstanding work” but doesn’t agree with Farrakhan’s positions that white people are “devils” and Jewish people are satanic.
Posted by b on November 29, 2018 at 10:23 AM | Permalink
“begging” those manifestly evil and apostate men not to close a famous and ancient monastic house.
“I categorically and unequivocally deny this allegation,” he said in a statement.
You may opt out at anytime.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
Later, as a priest, predators within the priesthood have that knowledge to hold over the heads of other gay priests, to keep them silent if they ever have the desire to blow whistles.
I myself brought up the subject [of McCarrick] with Cardinal Wuerl on several occasions, and I certainly didn’t need to go into detail because it was immediately clear to me that he was fully aware of it.
The Guardian, which used to consider itself the most enlightened newspaper in the country, has probably been the worst.
However, the Inspector General left the door open to the possibility that political bias did indeed play a role, as his current investigation in the Russia-Collusion probe of the FBI and the DOJ could reveal new evidence to damn the FBI’s Obama era leadership.
If one considers and weighs this matter, one knows: one may not bless a union of two homosexual men or of lesbian women.
It's particularly stupid of Michael Hayden to make that analogy because during the Bush years, the agencies he ran were compared to Nazi Germany.
This is the seventh undercover video report Project Veritas has released in a series revealing secrets and lies from political campaigns in 2018.
The U.S. State Department has remained all but silent on the issue as well, other than to characterize their suspicion as unknown “sonic attacks” targeted U.S. diplomats, according to WND.
[2] Solution: new foundations, the spreading of the Carmelite charism into new territories.
Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back?
More tens of billions will have to be spent before these anti-missile systems become reliable.
But by shrinking the pool of immigrants willing to do that work, he has put more money in pockets of his voters.
EXPERIMENTAL Ebola Vaccine Will Be Administered In Congo As Ebola Death Toll Climbs
I was reading just the other day a 2006 WikiLeaks cable from the U.S. embassy in Caracas which was addressed to other agencies in the region.
Ex-Sailor Pardoned By Trump, Sues Obama And Comey For NOT Prosecuting Hillary
If you are a government and you are doing something untoward or you are lying to your people and WikiLeaks gets the documents to show it, they will publish no matter who you are, be they the United States or Russia.
“And I noticed all that beautiful barbed wire going up today, the barbed wire used properly can be a beautiful sight.”
The native-born American labor force (employed plus looking for work) grew twice as fast as the immigrant labor force: 0.63% versus 0.30%.
Bergoglio’s upcoming Synod on Young People will serve as the culminating vehicle for the 5 year modernist reform of the St. Gallen Mafia.
Perhaps a useful question for one of the nuns present could have been, “A ‘new dawn’ of what, exactly?” This kind of coded language has been popular with the progressivist faction in the Church since the 1960s, when the expectation was for the installation of a totally new Church.
“Our government agreed not to stamp the passports of some of them because they were on transit flights for two hours, and they were resuming their flights without having their passports stamped.
Criminals put to death undergo a penalty no different from the one exacted from the most innocent amongst us.
They know that Senate Judiciary Committee rules require Chairman Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) to provide a full week’s notice for a hearing.
These crimes are treason and should be prosecuted as such.
The exclusion of Muslims is not an act of Islamophobia. Muslims in Bangladesh, Afghanistan and Pakistan are the majority community in these nations and the CAA is meant for only minorities facing religious persecution in these nations. In any case, there are 50 Muslim majority nations globally, of which 45 have officially declared themselves as Islamic Republics. Muslims, including Ahmediyas and Bahais, can find shelter in any of these 50 Muslim centric nations but a persecuted Hindu for instance has no country to turn to. Hence those protesting against CAA are exhibiting Hinduphobia. Being pro-Hindus or pro-Buddhists does not make CAA anti-Muslims.
But to see the partisans of the defeated candidate (and a particularly obnoxious defeated candidate) manipulate the security services and the media to create an entirely false public perception, in order to attempt to overturn the result of the US Presidential election, is the most astonishing thing I have witnessed in my lifetime.
Horowitz’ report not only slams Comey, but it also criticizes former Attorney General Loretta Lynch, and immoral FBI philanderers Peter Strzok and Lisa Page.
The third was a Mexican national who was arrested for corporal injury of a spouse, despite being deported twice and criminal convictions including drug possession, hit-and-run, DUIs, possessions of narcotics equipment and a parole violation.
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
I hope the American people can see through this sham.”
“Whatever you have said in the dark ... shall be proclaimed from the housetops” (Lk.
“This operation reflects ICE’s commitment to public safety through targeted enforcement efforts,” said Rebecca Adducci, field office director for ERO Detroit.
This remains unclear. Apart from the fact that a Hindu resident of these areas may have to contradict themselves in their NRC and CAA applications, it raises an additional area of uncertainty. In Assam or West Bengal, a Bengali Hindu can claim to be from Bangladesh. In central and south India, the question is whether an applicant under CAA can claim to be from any of the three countries — Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan — mentioned in CAA.
Number of convents 4
Who ‘Won’ the Trump-Kim Summit?
You may opt out at anytime.
Irony of ironies, he is now reduced to defending what is old and tired and corrupt against a restoration, led largely by a youthful vanguard, of what is ever ancient but ever new.
Objectively speaking, our goal was met — we pushed and successfully launched the search features in Spanish, and we thank Lisa for her support in advocating for this work.
Link to entire video: https://youtu.be/1uTR3qNW70w#StoptheNDAA Posted by People Against the NDAA on Tuesday, September 25, 2018
Murillo wrote in the next paragraph:
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
take our poll - story continues below Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
Bill Maher, for whatever unappealing drawbacks he has in conservatives’ eyes, has set a bold standard in this respect in his Burka Fashion Show skit.
MSM Using Kavanaugh Sex Scandal to Distract You From Real Reason He Shouldn’t Be Confirmed
The prickly North Koreans had a fit, of course, as always when the US flexes its muscles on their borders.
LGBT Catholics have stayed a part of the church, despite statements and actions which have offended and hurt them.”
Nothing in a system like that is a greater threat to the corrupt than men who are not corrupt.
Others on the list include Richard Grenell, the US ambassador to Germany, who previously served as a spokesman for the US Mission to the UN, and Kelly Craft, the US ambassador to Canada.
The top election official in heavily Republican Bay County allowed residents displaced by Hurricane Michael to vote by email and fax, contrary to Florida law.
What is actually offensive is that Hamid would try in this way to absolve the Muslim community of any responsibility to root out jihad terrorist from its midst.
Speaking of de-nuclearization, why does North Korea not demand that the US get rid of its nuclear weapons based in South Korea, Okinawa, Guam and with the 7th Fleet?
Dr Nafees Ahmad: Islamophobia is a Western geopolitical branding of Islam based on religious hatred. In India, Islamophobia does not have any existence and I would like to call it a cocktail of vote bank politics at the hustings. Muslims have been used as a political pawn by the political parties since independence and their sorry state of affairs has adequately been highlighted by the Sachar Committee report. In the present circumstance, there is a greater need to have inter-faith dialogues and trust-building measures among the Hindus and Muslims. The impugned CAA signifies a positive and opportune change in the Refugee Policy of India. It would be beneficial to the persecuted minorities or displaced people from Pakistan, Bangladesh, and Afghanistan. In India, there are more than 200,000 Lakhs refugees are currently living in India that also comprises Chakmas and Hajongs from Bangladesh. Refugees from these countries are Hindus and Sikhs and are scattered in Assam, Delhi, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh. However, it is contested that the CAA would benefit the Hindu migrants significantly as it restricts itself only to the minorities from this trinity of countries. Consequently, the Government of India has made "religious persecution" as the core criterion to confer citizenship for this special group of minorities from these countries. But it has discriminated against other minorities and groups from these countries who are also confronting the same situation of religious persecution like Ahmadiyya Muslims in Pakistan, Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar, and Tamil Hindus and Muslims in Sri Lanka who have taken refuge in India. But, unfortunately, new CAA excludes the Muslim refugees on the ground of religion from these countries. The CAA does not extend protection to Sri Lankan refugees who are Hindus, Muslims, and Christians of Indian origin who have been living in India (Tamil Nadu) since 1983 due to the state-sponsored violence against them. The CAA further discriminates against Afghan Hazaras who face religious persecution, however, Australia has extended asylum to them.
Pompeo returned Wednesday night from meetings with Saudi and Turkish leaders in Riyadh and Ankara and went to the White House Thursday morning to brief Trump, who has come under mounting pressure from Congress and rights groups to punish Saudi Arabia.
When he moved a few feet across the room, the noise stopped.
Rather, what he views with alarm as an “essential element” of the context in which Wuerl operates is that “scandals are also the opportunity for the neo-traditionalist Catholicism of the younger generations of American Catholics to attack American bishops and cardinals close to Pope Francis….” Better a thousand septuagenarian Wuerls in their lavish sties of corruption, financed by the faithful, than a single, young neo-traditionalist prelate!
Date when erected: 1978
If you remember, it was those same people who called for the crucifixion of Christ while crying out “We have no King but Caesar” (John 19:15).
Why is it being renewed now?
The planet’s magnetic field will block most of the particles, but some will make it into Earth’s atmosphere.
The video was also posted on the Facebook account of Bait Al-Maqdis Documentary Studies Center.
[9] So much for the principle of subsidiarity.
No, Bergoglio must go.
Capitol Police didn’t make arrests despite numerous red flags and then ‘inadvertently’ gave evidence to defense attorneys that was supposed to go to prosecutors
BUDAPEST, Feb 18 (Reuters) - Hungarian leader Viktor Orban called on Sunday for a global alliance against migration as his right-wing populist Fidesz party began campaigning for an April 8 election in which it is expected to win a third consecutive landslide victory.
The talks were “direct and candid,” State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said.
The principles involved in this case are absolutely clear-cut.
We are doing NATO exercises in the Baltics.
The FBI doesn’t acknowledge that there is a global jihad, or that Islam has anything to do with terrorism.
That will never happen.
Another nun has written saying that they cannot conceive of what these people mean by “ongoing formation”.
On Jan. 17, Abid filed notarized papers using those rights to replace Gilani with himself as beneficiary.
They were trying to aid Iran.
The reason being, the legislature that write the bills is all Republican-controlled.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
This Synod is designed to exploit the youth, like they’ve been doing for the last 60 years.
He implemented sanctions that were even stronger than required by Congressional mandate.
We start buying convent buildings and start a fund to support the nun-refugees.
Requiring domestic violence restraining orders and gun violence restraining orders to be entered into the National Instant Criminal Background Check System.
This is the crisis of an ancient and immortal institution trying desperately to seem young and fashionable; like all old men, it only manages to come across as lecherous and pathetic.
Yet, making no attempt to refute Viganò’s account on the merits, he tries to wave it all aside with his usual mode of argument—puerile mockery: “But at present, the eagerness of the Greatest Catholics of All Time to believe and repeat everything their itching ears want to hear about this Pope whose living guts they have hated from the moment of his election only tells in his favor, not against it.” Shea’s ever-expanding opus of digital invective never seems to rise above this sort of crude ad hominem attack: Well, if those people believe it, it can’t be true.
Farrakhan, of course, is the raging anti-Semite and race-monger who leads the Nation of Islam, the loony, militant, black nationalist organization whose mission is to throw off the yoke of the inferior white devil.
Turn over the documents secret archives involving predation, both in the Vatican and in the chanceries around the globe.
Its job is to shore up a consensus on the left for attacks on leading threats to the existing, neoliberal order: ...
They might lose their livelihood and get death threats, but not "Crooked" Hillary.
This is what a courageous shepherd looks like!
If you have any questions or concerns please message us privately.
Thus, explained the cardinal, the Sacraments have to be celebrated the way Christ Himself willed it when he instituted them.
"I can no more disavow Calypso Louie than I can my dead white grandmother."
Credico received the following response from Schiff after meeting the Congressman’s staff, in which Credico was trying to connect Assange with Schiff: “Our committee would be willing to interview Assange when he is in U.S.
If you gave him 5 years, he could get us back on target.
Hitler annihilated 400,000 Germans who were handicapped or suffered from chronic diseases.
“I think we ought to recognize that.
Bishop Wilton D. Gregory, as president of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops, infamously spoke of “an ongoing struggle to make sure that the Catholic priesthood is not dominated by homosexual men.”
You may opt out at anytime.
On Tuesday Horowitz performed solo before a joint session of the House Oversight and Judiciary Committees.
In the 1977 State of Karnataka vs Union India, the state had moved against a Central government move to probe alleged corruption by then chief minister Devraj Urs. The judgment, while upholding ability of states to challenge Centre under Article 131, had then said:
She clearly tried to present herself as a victim while she accused Kavanaugh of sexual assault with absolutely no evidence.
Viganò wanted to know why McCarrick had apparently been relieved of the sanctions.
To see a full list of our data, you can click this link.
Australia has an almost totally servile relationship with America, in which its national security structure, much of its academic life and certainly much of its media is integrated into the US system.
(This excludes tourists and other short-term entrants.)
Right, except she does just that and so do many in her party.
“Something she said, she didn’t like her new boss,” Billie Winner-Davis said in June 2017.
She’s friends with Valerie Jarrett….Habib Powell had all the right friends.
Apparently they have a reputation to keep up.
War against North Korea would be a slow and bloody slog– even a repeat of the bloody, stalemated 1950-52 Korean War in which 39,000 Americans and at least 2.5 million Koreans died.
Generally obstruction is secret, it’s clandestine, it’s corrupt.”
Don Lemon thinks things like this, are just fine, and wants these people in the US.
Number one is, if you look at President Obama versus President Trump, there’s no question that President Obama was more cooperative with and collaborative with Russia and the Russian agenda than President Trump.
You may opt out at anytime.
Democratic Illinois Rep. Danny Davis defended Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan as an “outstanding human being” on Monday.
After conquest came dhimmitude, the subjugated status that the Qur’an mandates for “the People of the Book” (primarily Jews and Christians).
“Gee, this is ‘small potatoes’ compared to what Hillary Clinton did!” he tweeted about Winner, a former National Security Agency contractor who leaked a document about Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election.
Question: How do you show mercy to a people who observe lying vanities (Jonah 2:4) and refuse to return to the Lord (Jeremiah 6:16) on His terms?
Apparently, this individual who wrote the article knows nothing of the Black Robed Regiment that the tyrant King George feared the most.
I think we need to take a break before I explode.
Jim Scanlan, another survivor, said “the timing of it is too perfect” given the controversy last month surrounding Pope Francis’s remarks that accused victims of a notorious Chilean pedophile priest, the Rev.
Reprinted with permission from Consortiumnews.com.
Homosexuality refers to relations between men or between women who experience an exclusive or predominant sexual attraction toward persons of the same sex... Basing itself on Sacred Scripture, which presents homosexual acts as acts of grave depravity, tradition has always declared that "homosexual acts are intrinsically disordered."
The group says that it repeatedly receives requests from homosexual couples who wish to “receive a blessing in the frame of a liturgy.”
And then Obama can give a new remix of his Wright speech.
We talked about his famous victory — in the 1980s when, as a young barrister, he had fought the British Government’s attempts to suppress free speech and prevent the publication of the book Spycatcher — in its way, a WikiLeaks of the time, for it revealed the crimes of state power.
Not even God completely obliterates a human existence, not even for the most odious sins, for He made the human soul immortal and hell eternal.
“I think that was what they wanted to write.
It is believed to be spread over long distances by bats, which can host the virus without dying.
What has been done: There have been 1 amalgamation & 6 suppressions.
Who makes new foundations and why?
In fact, in April 2012, Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist, Seymour Hersh reported that the U.S. Joint Special Operations Command had trained (Mojahedin-e Khalq) MEK operatives at a secret site in Nevada from 2005 to 2009 for this very purpose.
But one goal behind report's release, according to an official familiar with its contents, is to make clear that the US is not likely to be open to exemptions of any kind.
Horowitz said Strzok and Page had exchanged “tens of thousands of texts.” Ohio Rep. James Jordan asked Horowitz when his team had discovered the message about “we’ll stop” Trump.
About $12 trillion in trade deficits, $4 trillion with China alone, a loss of 55,000 plants and 6 million manufacturing jobs.
What could happen if the GOP-controlled Congress woke up and enacted an immigration moratorium?
In other words, the only written documentation Ms. Ford has offered in support of her allegation about the incident she said took place while she was in high school – a therapist’s notes of a couples therapy session occurring 30 years after the alleged incident – did not mention Judge Kavanaugh’s name.
Arroyo spoke with Cruz as well, who said he was “incredibly frustrated” when Barros was going to be appointed.
And perhaps most agonising of all: “How can you just sit there smiling, issuing bland platitudinous nonsense, while this lunatic drives the sheep off a cliff?”
The FBI is now leading the investigation.
The FBI conducts background checks on all major government appointees, including Supreme Court nominees.
Now they follow this up with more documents aimed to provide fictitious evidence to bolster Mueller’s pathetically failed attempt to substantiate the story that Russia deprived Hillary of the Presidency.
The laity will learn over the course of the next few years that the underlying cause of the criminal scandal lies in the homosexual network of priests, bishops and cardinals who preyed on the youth, assaulted seminarians, promoted their own ilk, and punished any whistleblowers or noncompliant priests.
* John Bolton Richard Grenell Dina Powell Heather Nauert Ivanka Trump
Horowitz said Comey “concealed from the attorney general and the deputy attorney general, his intention to make a unilateral announcement in July 2016 about the reasons for his recommendations not to prosecute former Secretary Clinton.” The IG also described his report as a “thorough, comprehensive and objective recitation of the facts.”
So a jilted former boyfriend or girlfriend, or even a roommate from years ago, could easily set in motion the disarming of a lawful gun owner.
On November 15, another terrorist-launched rocket killed three Israeli civilians.
There were times when he could have compromised slightly in order to possibly help his situation.
The institutions Bono referenced — the U.N., EU, NATO — all trace their roots to the 1940s and 1950s, a time that bears little resemblance to the era we have entered, an era marked by a spreading and desperate desire of peoples everywhere to preserve who and what they are.
That is how the term ”sodomy” came to be used to refer to anal sex between two men, whether consensual or forced.
Its pages, however, are readily available to the latest effort to prop up the status quo from Tony Blair, the man who led Britain, on false pretences, into the largest crime against humanity in living memory – the attack on Iraq.
But unemployment is befuddling anyway.
But what exactly is a neo-traditionalist?
At the end of the visit, she will inform the Holy See about the real possibilities that the monastery has or does not have of guaranteeing initial formation.
The judge forcefully stood up for himself as his voice trembled with righteous indignation, calling out Democratic senators for plotting against him.
What is the reason behind the declining ratio of the minority population in Pakistan and Bangladesh? Where did they go? Either they became refugees, converted to another religion or encountered communal violence. That is why CAA is the outcome of the decades-long atrocities committed against the minorities. Have the protesters against CAA forgotten that the UPA government had cited the Pakistan Human Rights Commission in the Lok Sabha in 2005 to inform the House about the violence against the Hindus living in Pakistan? The same government, in 2007, 2010 and 2011, had apprised Parliament in detail about the exploitation of Hindus in Pakistan. The House has also been given similar information about Bangladesh from time to time.
This is in dramatic contrast to the last months of the Obama Regime, which saw year-over-year increases in immigrant working-age population far in excess of the estimated 1 million legal immigrants admitted annually, and which I argued meant that an unreported illegal alien surge was underway.
“Witness Said Awan Wiretapped Her, Then Bank Account She Controlled Was Drained,” by Luke Rosiak, Daily Caller News Foundation, May 21, 2018 (thanks to Todd):
If a term is vague or is defined incorrectly that is a “loophole”.
Kristian Saucier, who served a year in federal prison for taking photos of classified sections of the submarine on which he worked, says he was subject to unequal protection of the law.
No one did.”
America stands with the people of Iran in their courageous struggle for freedom.”
Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court?
They care more about the pleasures of sin for a season, than they are grieved for the afflictions of Joseph (Amos 6:6; Hebrews 11:25).
Gross negligence is not the same as willful intent, which Comey and his team sought to conflate in exonerating Hillary Clinton before the investigation was concluded.
“This isn’t just simply a cover-up of a predator priest,” Yore stated.
The president made his comments in a series of Tweets earlier this morning.
There are only a few remaining hotspots for plague in the world – Madagascar being one of them.
To cut the clutter around these debates revolving around the issue of citizenship, India Today spoke to a host of academic experts to find the real implications of these laws and exercises.
Bergoglio was their man.
You may opt out at anytime.
Ambassador Nancy Powell, America’s representative in Pakistan, refused to allow the distribution in Pakistan of wanted posters, matchbooks, and other items advertising America’s $25 million reward for information leading to the capture of Mr. bin Laden and other Al Qaeda leaders.
Removing one’s children from government schools seems a rational response to school shootings.
The Church to this day recognizes Clement II as a true Pope.”
Would they remember any details at all?
Afraid that Ms. Ford’s sexual assault allegation could be readily challenged and anxious to establish some sort of pattern of sexual misconduct beyond this single alleged incident, the Kavanaugh haters have latched onto Ms. Ramirez’s story.
The man accused of egging on Kavanaugh denied Ramirez's allegations and vouched for Kavanaugh’s character.
We need outside help.
He can’t be in the room with her, apparently because she’s still traumatized and may start experiencing flashbacks.
The world does not understand it or want it.
· A 36-year-old male Mexican national with convictions for assault and battery, aggravated assault, and other offenses.
I think the place we will be talking about in the next couple weeks as the Clinton global initiative.
Powell also served as a panelist at the second annual Women in the World Summit in 2011, which was keynoted by Hillary Clinton.
There is probably no other place where the differences between the two programmes - the Catholic programme of Christ and the Bergoglian/Kasperian programme - are more sharply contrasted.
However, her story didn't exactly lend credibility except with Democrat members of the Senate Judiciary Committee, one of which has openly professed to sexual assault.
General; other solutions to government.”
#Gaza #Palestine #Israel
You are absolutely right in that the responsibility of journalists for what has happened to Julian Assange and what might happen to WikiLeaks is undeniable.
"And if the Left can stop Kavanaugh we will not get another conservative justice in our lifetime on the Supreme Court."
We are ready to accept sisters who cannot be cared for in their own communities.
With his performance at the hearing, Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.), who is frequently a target of conservatives for going rogue on important issues, partly redeemed himself in the eyes of many conservatives.
Ebola, a haemorrhagic fever, killed at least 11,000 across the world after it decimated West Africa and spread rapidly over the space of two years.
She believes the alleged incident occurred during the summer of 1982, but reportedly could not be more precise on the day or even the month of the party.
I hope not.
He sent this message to me:
Wilson and his team of lawyers focused their legal argument on a free speech claim: They pointed out that by forbidding Wilson from posting his 3-D-printable data, the State Department was not only violating his right to bear arms but his right to freely share information.
But the Obama administration appealed, and federal Judge Ann Aiken in 2015 imposed the full five-year sentences.
Encourage physicians, as a part of their suicide prevention strategy, to discuss lethal means safety and work with families to reduce access to lethal means of suicide.
Dems got voters to use altered forms to fix & submit as many mail ballots as possible after FL deadline in hopes that a judge would later order state to count them.
On Facebook, many brave conservative truth-tellers continue to be censored in myriad ways; these individuals include Anni Cyrus, Bosch Fawstin, Mark Lutchman and, of course, Diamond & Silk.
Instead, he has become the poster boy for one of the most egregious gun control machinations of all: gun confiscation.
In case you haven’t been reading the McCarrick headlines or noticing the plunging mass attendance and collections, Catholics don’t trust their boys around priests and are furious that their seminarians are subjected to unrelenting homosexual sexual harassment.
The process to introduce the bill for the new law had been initiated way back in 2014 and the efforts have borne fruit now. If one looks at the chronology, it becomes clear that BJP had always been serious on this issue. The statistics released on June 15, 2015, reveal that altogether 4,300 Hindu and Sikh refugees came to India from Pakistan and Afghanistan in a year. Taking their plight into consideration, our government tabled the citizenship amendment bill in the Lok Sabha on July 19, 2016. Later, for further deliberations, it was referred to a joint parliamentary committee. This committee, for the next two and a half years, studied the provisions of this bill before submitting its report to the government in January 2019. This bill was passed in the Lok Sabha in January 2019 itself but it could not be cleared in the Rajya Sabha. The bill became infructuous after the Lok Sabha was dissolved before the last general elections. This bill, therefore, had to be passed by both Houses of Parliament now.
In so doing, the bishops will incur the wrath of the enemies of the Church, yes.
All very well and good, except for the fact that the Church's constant and unchanging moral teaching on this makes no such allowance.
You may opt out at anytime.
Among the issues Ms. Ford’s attorneys have raised was the refusal of the committee to subpoena one of the purported witnesses, Mark Judge, who Ms. Ford reportedly claims was involved in the alleged incident, as well as “who on the Majority side will be asking the questions, whether senators or staff attorneys."
Hungarian Prime Minister: ‘Christianity is Europe’s last hope’
This is a breaking news story.
Constantinople fell to the warriors of jihad on May 29, 1453.
Coincidence or not, this means we can piece together the monthly points to see the President's priorities, or at least his practical effect.
And just as a synod was employed to address three rival claimants to the papal throne in 1046, declaring at least two of them deposed, so today might it be possible for reform-minded cardinals and bishops, comprising an imperfect council, to undo the incalculable damage caused by the cabal that lobbied for Bergoglio’s election before the last conclave—a cabal that included none other than McCarrick, whom Bergoglio rewarded by rehabilitating that monster despite the massive evidence of his unspeakable crimes.
The Best of Michael S. Rozeff
Keep these facts in mind as we read through the rest of the document.
People Call On White House To Pardon Oregon Ranchers Steve & Dwight Hammond
First censorship, now this.
If they are aware that the Church has upheld from Apostolic times the right to use force in self-defense, to kill in a just war and to inflict the death penalty on those duly judged guilty of serious crime, they now apparently subscribe to the notion propagated by Dei Verbum at the Second Vatican Council that the unchanging Catholic “tradition which comes from the Apostles” actually “develops in the Church” and keeps pace with changing times (II,8).
You have at your complete disposal key documents incriminating McCarrick and many in the curia for their cover-ups.
“The congressman was insistent that The Daily Caller misquoted him during the interview and that he didn’t subscribe to Farrakhan’s anti-Semitic statements and actions in the past,” the ADL official told JTA in a statement.
According to Hersh, MEK members were trained in intercepting communications, cryptography, weaponry and small unit tactics at the Nevada site until President Barack Obama took office in 2009.
He needed an insurance policy.
These actions, committed by more than a few, can only be classified as evil, evil that cries out for justice and sin that must be cast out from our Church.
The WHO is planning to send up to 40 specialists to the affected area over the next week or so, while Salma adds that the UN hopes to have a mobile lab up and running this weekend, similar to the one set up by the WHO.
This position which is really simple and easily to be understood has been clearly and convincingly presented – since the statement of the two bishops [Marx and Bode] – by several Christians: by Archbishops Ludwig Schick (Germany) and Charles Chaput (USA); by the German-speaking theologians Hubert Windisch and Markus Büning.
Farrakhan’s history of racially extreme comments includes blaming Jews for the September 11 attacks, saying white people “deserve to die” and praising Adolf Hitler as a “very great man.” “I personally know [Farrakhan], I’ve been to his home, done meetings, participated in events with him,” Davis told TheDC.
Nowhere in Scripture can you find the Lord telling His children to submit to the wicked in disobedience to His Word.
Trump also seemed ready to back out on his new trade deal, which is hardly a deal for the US, with Mexico if they failed to stop the caravan.
Saverio Cannistra, a Mexican and devotee of Liberation Theology, to ask if they wanted an International Commission of Nuns to oversee the female houses place of the Carmelite Fathers.
Any appearance of ideological division between them was, in essence, a product of the media narrative.
The Awans were banned from Congress’s computer network the day the letter was sent, and Kiko held a briefing to convey the message to chiefs of staff for members who employed them.
Below is the list of “domestic” terrorists and, regardless of the list/filter you choose, you won’t find many “white men”.
This is hardly surprising, as the misnamed federal “Gun-Free Schools” law leaves schoolchildren defenseless against mass shooters.
Nor should the fact that instructions for gun assembly are easily available for download over the internet.
“Team Bolton has spent years creating Plans B, C, and D for dealing with that problem.
President Trump came in promising to drain the swamp.
I encourage all parents looking at alternatives to government schools —alternatives that provide children with a well-rounded education that introduces them to the history and ideas of liberty — to go to RonPaulCurriculum.com for more information about my homeschooling program.
It is time to admit that there is a homosexual subculture within the hierarchy of the Catholic Church that is wreaking great devastation in the vineyard of the Lord.
John Pilger, it is great to talk to you again.
The seriousness of homosexual behavior must be denounced.
We need to intervene where evil is spreading; for evil spreads where daring Christians who oppose evil with good are lacking.” If this is rightly to be considered a serious moral responsibility for every believer, how much graver is it for the Church’s supreme pastor, who in the case of McCarrick not only did not oppose evil but associated himself in doing evil with someone he knew to be deeply corrupt.
The German federation gave a summary of the efforts made to address these issues.
This is still out there.
Increased activity at the U.S.-Mexico border after part of the Central American migrant caravan arrived in Tijuana.
The greatest battles during the lifetime of the Prophet (pbuh) occurred in this blessed month, the month of jihad, zeal and enthusiasm.”
In January 2017, Imran wired nearly $300,000 to Pakistan.
That is “more than all prior Supreme Court nominees,” he said.
In other words, as Bergoglio cannot deny the allegations without lying, he will say nothing at all about them in the hope they will go away—with the help of sycophants in the Vatican press corps and shifty polemicists like Shea, who expects his readers to swallow his explanation that Bergoglio’s refusal to say anything in his defense when asked point blank about the charges against him “seems to me to obviously be the reply of somebody who believes the accusations are groundless…”.
While trying to appear as a moderate, "Gillum is a Progressive" and "He is a part of the crazy, crazy, crazies."
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
Ford has finally agreed to testify, set for Thursday for now.
And it gets even worse: “The investigation, published Wednesday by the House Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, further discloses secret efforts by top Obama administration officials to assure European countries they would receive a pass from U.S. sanctions if they engaged in business with Iran.”
And he said, Oh let not the Lord be angry, and I will speak yet but this once: Peradventure ten shall be found there.
Raise the corporate tax in Florida from 7 to 11 percent.
Sinema, a co-founder of the activist group Local to Global Justice, invited people in a now-closed Yahoo group to attend two events with Lynn Stewart, both in 2003.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Dr Smruti S Pattanaik: Hindus largely come to India due to systemic discrimination, forced conversion, lack of opportunity due to religious bias of the state especially in Pakistan and Bangladesh. However, illegal immigration is mostly motivated by economic interest which is easier to address. economic migration can be regulated through work permit system.
Protecting Domestic Violence Victims, including:
Furthermore, this mobilization effort targeted not only the entire country but swing states vital to the Hillary campaign.
There is no low to which the Democrats will not sink to attain their nefarious goals of stopping the President from strengthening America and protecting Americans.
A number of good Catholics have written to ask for a personal accounting on my part, inquiring whether I was made aware in my time in Newark of the 2005 and 2007 settlements involving Archbishop McCarrick, or if I knew of any allegations against him.
Khalidi was the former PLO spokesman at the center of the Obama tape scandal.
DRC: Fresh Ebola outbreak kills two in Equateur Province
pic.twitter.com/WK5XYTlcqL — Jacob Wohl (@JacobAWohl) September 17, 2018
"This is a very tough thing for him and his family and we want to get over it but at the same time we want to give tremendous amounts of time.
Oddly, as soon as some of the victims left Cuba, they stopped hearing noises.
I added that it would be salutary if, for once, ecclesiastical authority would intervene before the civil authorities and, if possible, before the scandal had broken out in the press.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
This and other rocket launches from Palestinian militants in Gaza prompted Israel to initiate Operation Pillar of Defense.
The Guardian a few years ago got a Pulitzer Prize writing about Snowden.
The plan, authored by the Security Studies Group, or SSG, a national security think-tank that has close ties to senior White House national security officials, including – who else – National Security Adviser John Bolton, seeks to reshape longstanding American foreign policy toward Iran by emphasizing an explicit policy of regime change, something the Obama administration opposed when popular protests gripped Iran in 2009, writes the Free Beacon, which obtained a leaked copy of the circulating plans.
And end it was for this particular lot of illegal aliens.
King said President Obama had suggested the “careless but not intentional” language in a “60 Minutes” appearance in October of 2015.
All seeking entry into the U.S. are urged to present themselves at an official Port of Entry.
Aiken was a Dem fundraiser, her husband was the chair of the Oregon Dem party, appointed by Bill Clinton.
For some reason, this form of educational exercise is only ever used regarding Islam.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
Trump offered this assessment of his hand-picked attorney general recusing himself from the Justice Department’s special counsel probe of Russian election meddling: “What kind of man is this?”
He beat CNN at their own game, and their ratings are now circling the toilet.
The former apostolic nuncio to the United States has accused Francis of repealing sanctions imposed by Pope Benedict XVI on then-Cardinal McCarrick for sexual abuse.
I stand with Archbishop Carlo Vigano.
The results have been unmitigated disaster after disaster.
This is a terrible time for journalism.
Some four months before Archbishop Viganò’s testimony Cardinal Willem Jacobus Eijk, the Archbishop of Utrecht, Netherlands, perhaps the most liberal territory in the entire Church, protested that Bergoglio’s blatant nod to intercommunion with Protestants in Germany means that “the bishops and, above all, the Successor of Peter fail to maintain and transmit faithfully and in unity the deposit of faith contained in Sacred Tradition and Sacred Scripture” and that the situation reminds him of Article 675 of the Catechism of the Catholic Church, which refers to the Church’s “final trial” before the Second Coming, “that will shake the faith of many believers… [a] ‘mystery of iniquity’ in the form of a religious deception offering men an apparent solution to their problems at the price of apostasy from the truth.
If Your Holiness requests, I will personally submit to you documentation of that about which I have spoken.”
And the most powerful Democrats continue to protect jihad-treason.
The Daily Mail report continued:
Possible Solutions: They are working on formation through courses.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
One source is Paul Ryan: Evidence: “House Speaker Paul Ryan said Wednesday that Oversight Chairman Trey Gowdy was ‘accurate’ when he argued the FBI has acted appropriately in its ongoing probe of potential Russian links to the Trump campaign.” How could Ryan possibly know this?
Furthermore, why are Democrats such as Keith Ellison, who has a long history of friendship with Farrakhan, despite the lies he tells to try and distance himself from Farrakhan for votes, not being arrested for his ties to this criminal traitor?
By contrast, the native-born American population rose 0.63% over this period —a rate that will require 114 years for a doubling.
John Pilger: I have never known anything like it.
Thousands of Troops and Razor Wire: US Border Reinforced Against Migrant ‘Invasion’ (Videos)
Additionally, the Austrian Catholic website Kath.net reports that there are two Catholics priests in two different German dioceses who publicly state now to have given many blessings to homosexual couples.
“Wait,” I said.
He points to specific campaign promises Gillum has made, including raising the corporate tax in Florida, raising teacher pay, and Medicare for All, admitting they are lies.
Attributing to Soros a recent United Nations plan on creating a global blueprint to handle the migration crisis, Orban said he anticipated that powerful allies would help him prevent the U.N. from greasing the wheels of migration.
While the allegations against Kavanaugh should certainly be investigated — no matter how they are being spun by the left and the right — he shouldn’t even be in this position based solely on his previous record.
The matter has been particularly troubling to me personally due to the fact that I had served in the Archdiocese of Newark as coadjutor archbishop from November 4, 2013, to March 25, 2016, when I was named archbishop here.
This is just a deep state coo attempt (Mueller) to stop the will of We the People!!!
The declaration was made after two cases of the diseases were confirmed in the Bikoro province in the northwestern part of the country ten months after the end of an earlier outbreak.
His latest book, published May 9, is “Nixon’s White House Wars: The Battles That Made and Broke a President and Divided America Forever.”
Now they're letting him get away with it.
If he had said: “Viganò lied,” he would have challenged my credibility while trying to affirm his own.
Unfortunately, in the end, it amounts to the same thing.
President Trump said: “President Obama, along with (then-CIA Director John) Brennan and (then Director of National Intelligence James) Clapper and the whole group that you see on television now – probably getting paid a lot of money by your networks – they knew about Russia’s attempt to interfere in the election in September, and they totally buried it.
I am tired of the obfuscation of truth.
When visiting Egypt, Habib-Powell had assured the locals of how Bush, after September 11, “visited a mosque, took off his shoes and paid his respects.” “I see the president talk of Islam as a religion of peace, I see him host an iftar every year,” she gushed.
No, you can't act like a child and keep your pass.
They also oppose concealed carry reciprocity, which I do as well, but based on the principle that the Second Amendment's protections extend to the various states as well, since it recognizes a right, not a permission, to keep and bear arms.
And they did, they filed for asylum, had a hearing and appeals, and lost.
But the toleration of sexually active priests gave McCarrick cover to “seduce” his victims.
But the ADL and the JTA will whitewash this again.
The “FBI investigation” is another delaying tactic.
President Trump hired him knowing all of that.
Cruz told Arroyo he was really hurt and felt betrayed by the Pope’s comments that the accusations were slander, and there were no witnesses or evidence.
You’re the guilty one.
If you buy into this, you probably think places like Chicago, Illinois are among the safest places to live in the US when the opposite is true.
This will probably end up being another Ukraine situation, something we just don't need to be in, and yes, I know, I'll be called a liberal but honest readers who have followed me for some time know that's not the case.
Homeschooling Protects Children from Violence and Marxism
But that it spread no further among the people, let us straitly threaten them, that they speak henceforth to no man in this name.
Sources wouldn’t offer any details about the video.
That, of course is not her role.
Are they facing their day of reckoning?
Their excuse was calligraphy.
When President Trump finally replaced national security adviser H.R.
There is no indication so far that the president will oblige them.
Ramirez contacted her former classmates, asking about the incident, and admitted she was not sure that Kavanaugh was the male who exposed himself.
Iran is not an actual threat to the united States.
Former head of the Democratic National Committee, Debbie Wasserman Schultz is on the front line of aiding and abetting Awan and his associates as has been revealed by Luke Rosiak of The Daily Caller.
“While some communities do not want their autonomy to be touched, and have certain fears of ‘external’ interference, others want a more moderate and flexible autonomy that, without going to the Congregation would have a juridical form, where the President with her Council can intervene in extreme cases that today we watch with pain, our hands tied.
And then Davis got right back to talking to the Daily Caller and disavowed the disavowal.
The Guardian’s latest story provides a supposedly stronger foundation for an existing narrative: that Assange and Wikileaks knowingly published emails hacked by Russia from the Democratic party’s servers.
The American Medical Association (AMA) should seriously consider changing their names since they are about as anti-American as it comes in their new demands for gun confiscation measures, which include guns and ammunition confiscation, as well as universal gun registration.
Something went critically wrong during Vatican II that extends well beyond the Mass.
Formation in common is something we’ve been fighting against for years.”
pic.twitter.com/eJVVuAs0w6 take our poll - story continues below Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back?
We have only what little information the government told us then, which was not very much, considering the fact that Obama wanted to keep as much of this situation as secret as possible.
The courts and especially the Supreme Court have been critical to the progressives’ program since Woodrow Wilson.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
Each religion studied in the class, including Christianity and Judaism, received “equitable treatment,” Branch also told Christian Post.
That seems to catch on these days.
Known as “cure affidavits,” those documents used to fix mail ballots were due no later than 5 p.m. on Nov. 5 — the day before the election.
Instead, Strzok's punishment will most likely be limited to disciplinary action and possibly dismissal.
Two trains got away to safety, but one was still there when the Germans surrounded the city and began the siege.
When serving in Newark, I was regularly briefed on current legal matters of all sorts, but not on past legal matters (unless they were still being discussed in the press).
The life insurance change’s timing seems to coincide with other moves by Abid to liquidate property and transfer it.
The governor requested the money from the federal government, as the territory itself is bankrupt.
War at the Top of the ... Eric Margolis Best Price: $2.60 Buy New $24.57 (as of 06:55 EDT - Details)
“With a pardon there’s no magic wand that that gets waved and makes everything right,” he said, “But I try to stay positive and look forward.”
Soros, for his part, compared Orban unfavorably to both the Nazis and the Communists, saying his rule evoked dark tones from the 1930’s — when Hungary was allied with Nazi Germany — and was more oppressive than Cold War Soviet occupation.
They make sure that the Islamic instruction in these textbooks presents a picture of Islam that is so pristine and whitewashed that it sometimes crosses the boundary from mere pro-Muslim bias into outright Islamic proselytizing.
Iran has dismissed as "lies" and "ridiculous" the charge that it sent the drone into Israeli airspace.
Running that story would simply be outing a closeted gay man: an act the liberal press would no doubt consider “homophobic”, as Ross Douthat pointed out.
Ultimately, however, he inexplicably concluded that there was no finding of “documentary or testimonial evidence that improper considerations, including political bias, directly affected the specific investigative decisions” discussed in the OIG report.
Christopher Chin, head of Homeschool Louisiana, told The Times that parents are fed up with “the violence, the bullying, the unsafe environments.”
Oppose requirements or incentives of teachers to carry weapons.
A secret memo marked “URGENT” detailed how the House Democratic Caucus’s server went “missing” soon after it became evidence in a cybersecurity probe.
Trump has publicly criticized Sessions before, tweeting in June that the Mueller ‘witch hunt’ was only proceeding ‘because Jeff Sessions didn’t tell me he was going to recuse himself.’
This truth was lost or buried in a media witch-hunt that disgracefully associated Assange with rape and misogyny.
In answer to my question then head of the USCCB, Wilton Gregory, made an explosive admission reportedby the international press: “it is an ongoing struggle to make sure that the Catholic priesthood is not dominated by homosexual men.” The struggle, to the extent there even was one, obviously has been lost.
Here, there was not.
The economic fund [of the federation] is nourished by the free donations of the monasteries, by the donations of benefactors, and by revenues deriving from the alienation of the assets of suppressed monasteries, as established by the present Instruction.
The anti-CAA stir received widespread support from people all over the country, many of whom took to the streets to express their dissatisfaction with the CAA and the proposed National Population Register (NPR), which were seen as a precursor to the National Register of Citizens (NRC).
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Under this system the onus, effectively, is on the patient to prove according to the new criteria that he is worthy of receiving medical treatment – of continuing to live.
This marks the second straight month in which native-born LPRs have risen, year-over-year, relative to those of immigrants ADVANTAGE AMERICANS
Confederation means a structure of connection among Federations of monasteries, erected by the Holy See that approves the Statutes, for the study of themes relative to contemplative life in relation to the same charism, to give unitary direction and a certain coordination to the activity of the individual Federations.
What are these people smoking?
A CNBC summary describes Swetnick:
The atmosphere is weirdly resigned – one federation report recommended simply “forgetting the numbers” – with many notes of mutual congratulation over “unity,” the creating of “links” and the “building of trust” and “dialogue” between communities.
Nonetheless there have not been amalgamations or suppressions.
I met with Eric Schmidt tonight.
With Clinton, Trump, Moore, and many other politicians and celebrities, there was ample contemporaneous corroboration.
But if we don’t speak about such facts, how will we ever convince Muslims not to follow “hardline interpretations of the Qur’an”?
Then she feared for her life because of death threats ––threats also made to Kavanaugh, his wife and two young daughters–– so she now demands enhanced security measures.
They are hardly quiet about it.
Defense Attorney : When did this occur Ms. Ford?
With President Trump’s nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court, it was clear that anyone Trump nominated was going to be attacked.
He stressed that Amoris Laetitia has to be “read in the context of the magisterial instructions of the encyclical Veritatis Splendor, which recalls the connection between conscience and truth, as well as the necessity of a well-formed conscience.” In returning to that encyclical, explained the Italian professor and theologian, Amoris Laetitia could be given a hermeneutic in light of a “continuity with the Magisterium of the Church.” He also said: “The Commandments are an expression of the Love of God for us.
Native-born American employment rose by 1.361 million—up 1.1%
Maybe this group of people should ask their enemies for instructions as to how change is brought about, and in a righteous sense reverse the lawlessness-taking place in this country (Matthew 24:12).
The Mail reports that health workers have recorded confirmed, probable and suspected cases of Ebola in three health zones of Congo’s Equateur province, and have identified 432 people who may have had contact with the disease, the WHO said.
They care more about the approbation and favor of men than they do that of the Living God and what His Word declares (Galatians 1:10),not knowing that which his highly favored among men is an abomination unto the Lord (Luke 16:15).
Once a lack of autonomy has been established…
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. partner Dina Powell has told some colleagues that she’s leaning against leaving the firm to rejoin the Trump administration as ambassador to the United Nations, according to two people familiar with the matter.
We have no king but Caesar" (John 19:15).
“The blessing expresses that one is welcomed by one's partner and by God.” At the end of his article, he adds a link to another report about Cardinal Reinhard Marx's recent 3 February interview showing his openness to the idea of blessings of homosexual couples in individual cases as decided by a pastor.
It did what it is designed to do.
This is a very serious point.
Of course, the reality is that bringing something like this up more than 30 years later is ridiculous, but this is the Democrats for you.
What’s most difficult for us is we can’t even email the HOLA list to reach our community and discuss what this means for us because we know that apparently some may actually be Trump supporters.
Unfortunately, however, Giuliani’s claims were confirmed late last week, when the Washington Free Beacon published a three-page policy paper being circulated among National Security Council officials containing plans to spark regime change in Iran.
HANNITY: President daily briefings were told.
The Guardian, reputedly once a great liberal newspaper, conducted a vendetta against Julian Assange.
According to the Herald, Gov.
Thou shalt not pity him, but shalt require life for life, eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot” (Deut.
John the Baptist points out all of the evils of King Herod (Luke 3:19).
C-wire stretches along the Rio Grande at the Texas-Mexico border, the morning after being installed by US troops – and just days ahead of US midterm elections.
Eric Pisconski, who leads the crisis response unit for the Seattle Police Department.
However, when asked by Senator Cory Booker whether or not Kavanaugh thought Ford was part of what Kavanaugh referred to as a "political hit" against him, Kavanaugh rightly steered clear of a public relations disaster.
I am not questioning that Dr. Ford may have been sexually assaulted by some person in some place at some time.
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
What would make forced affiliation a truly devastating weapon against conservative or traditional communities is the proviso that an affiliated monastery may not form its own novices:
In fact, both Giuliani and Bolton have been on the payroll of the MeK and have received tens of thousands of dollars to speak to their followers.
So crazy he tried to contrive an alibi for his crime.
He feels that very strongly.
All they have to do is delay the confirmation until after the election.
Isn’t he prejudging the case without even finding out what actually happened?
Brian D. Ray, who heads up the National Home Education Research Institute, in Salem, Oregon, who’s conducted homeschooling research for 33 years, told The Times that concern over school curriculum has reached the top of the charts for most parents.
No serial number would allow police to trace a weapon used in a crime.
Sign up for our free email newsletter, and we’ll make sure to keep you in the loop.
Given how obviously partisan and hypocritical this ploy is––doesn’t Keith Ellison’s accuser deserve to be heard and believed too?
Meanwhile, North Korean nuclear and conventionally-armed missiles (and this could include poison gas and biological warheads) today threaten the 80,000 plus US military personnel based in Japan, South Korea and Guam.
take our poll - story continues below Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back?
The NRC will threaten to snap the associational life between Hindus and Muslims. The former will find it increasingly difficult to relate to Muslims who have been deprived of citizenship. It may even become illegal to do business with those declared as aliens, thus effectively imposing an economic boycott on them. The relentless hate speech material on WhatsApp about Muslim population will serve to distance communities further and the next generation – that will be less exposed to the experience and memory of sharing living spaces with Muslims – will come to see them as hostile aliens.
Between 1997 and 2017, the EU ran up, at America's expense, trade surpluses in goods in excess of $2 trillion, while we also picked up the bill for Europe's defense.
The virus then spreads between humans by direct contact with infected blood, bodily fluids or organs, or indirectly through contact with contaminated environments.
The oft-repeated notion that Israel is an “apartheid” nation is incorrect on multiple grounds.
“My expectation is it will probably have the same outcome, because the church is the church, and they do it for appearance, but they’re still going to go by their own rules,” he said.
– that all communities of contemplative nuns must now follow.
“When the President issues such an order, it triggers a declassification review process that is conducted by various agencies within the intelligence community, in conjunction with the White House Counsel, to seek to ensure the safety of America’s national security interests,” a Justice Department official told Fox News.
concern” about Khashoggi’s disappearance two weeks ago, the State Department said, and stressed “the importance of a thorough, transparent, and timely investigation.”
When the Hungarian revolution broke out in 1956, Mindszenty was freed, but only for four days.
Making Dina Powell the US Ambassador to the UN would quickly undo all the progress that Haley made.
They are motivated to get to the polls this November.
“So unfair Jeff, Double Standard.”
The chairman of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Devin Nunes (R -Calif.), reportedly hailed Trump’s order, saying it covers “pretty much everything that he wanted … and the text messages are a bonus.”
“Not only is this a First Amendment victory for free speech, it also is a devastating blow to the gun prohibition lobby,” noted SAF founder and Executive Vice President Alan M. Gottlieb.
Google colluded with Clinton campaign with ‘silent donations’
Moreover, Benedict IX himself is recognized as a true Pope—a valid but deposed Pope—during three separate periods listed as three distinct pontificates in the canon of Popes.
Abid was making his own efforts to round up money at the same time via the life insurance policy.
I'm not sure if he should have.
18 In order to obtain juridical autonomy for a monastery of nuns, it must presuppose a real autonomy of life, that is, the ability to manage the life of the monastery in all its dimensions (vocational, formative, governmental, relational, liturgical, economic ...).
Jamie is, of course, no stranger to social media censorship -- especially of the insane variety.
The unidentified woman says the incident took place at a party in the early 1980s while Kavanaugh was a student at Georgetown Preparatory School in Bethesda, Md., according to the NYDN, which claims to have obtained the letter on Friday.
In addition to sheer numbers, the US forces will have drones, helicopters with night-vision capabilities, and fixed-wing aircraft at their disposal to ensure the success of the military operation.
To start off, maybe this individual should take the time to know a little bit of his own history!
Catholics must shed their trust and naivety in the papacy and bishops’ conference.
According to the Washington Post, “Ford said she told no one of the incident in any detail until 2012, when she was in couples therapy with her husband.”
Rials are pegged to the US dollar and are difficult to convert.
For the Church, the crisis we face is not limited to the McCarrick affair, or the Pennsylvania Grand Jury Report, or anything else that may come.
Take for example Luke Harding of the Guardian who just published a book titled Collusion: Secret Meetings, Dirty Money, and How Russia Helped Donald Trump Win.
We don’t need certainty, however, to make a decision on whether a man should sit on the Supreme Court.
Critics quickly said that Trump was providing an excuse for the Saudi leaders, and participating in a cover-up.
Click here to listen to this interview.
Feinstein didn’t attend it, Grassley said.
As a reminder, in late October of 2016 it was revealed that just days prior to the April 15, 2014 email, Schmidt had sent another email in which he expressed his eagerness to “fund” the campaign efforts and wants to be a “head outside advisor.” In the email from John Podesta to Robby Mook we learned that:
Only the seal of confession could have justified my silence.
“A few dozen erpos have been served and executed around the state, but Seattle police said they are the only agency so far to seize a gun because the owner refused to hand it over.
He knocked out Crooked Hillary.
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Bishops and priests, abusing their authority, have committed horrendous crimes to the detriment of their faithful, minors, innocent victims, and young men eager to offer their lives to the Church, or by their silence have not prevented that such crimes continue to be perpetrated.
He speaks in every time to men and women with the true language of that time.”
Those ties have frayed even as the Trump administration has embraced the Saudi rulers as a crucial regional ally in efforts to constrain Iran and to craft a peace plan between Israel and the Palestinians.
The article details a series of people who say they were then subject to retaliation, including widow Bushra Bibi who said, “now Imran was threatening her with dire consequences.”
Seems to be.
What is not irrelevant is that the author of the letter falls headlong into the very error Pius XII warns against.
The Russian nuclear energy is controlled from the top, from Putin.
The duo’s subsequent arrival at a California prison to complete the remainder of their sentences triggered a 300-person march and later, a protest at Malheur National Wildlife Refuge.
Like the rest of the neocons, he either doesn’t get it or doesn’t want to get it.
“They used me as an example because of [the backlash over] Hillary Clinton.”
When the language of utilitarianism appears in Vatican documents as guiding criteria for the contemplative religious life, one has to wonder at what point has the entire project gone so disastrously off the rails.
b. Registration through fraud
This is simply a draft but do let me know if this is a helpful process for you all.”
For I know him, that he will command his children and his household after him, and they shall keep the way of the Lord, to do justice and judgment; that the Lord may bring upon Abraham that which he hath spoken of him.
If Christine Ford were to make her accusation in any courtroom in America, even a mediocre defense attorney could shatter her credibility within minutes under cross-examination.
FrontPage Magazine reported:
Where does PGO gets its funding?
It will be able to talk about that in the next couple of weeks.
It is likely that millions of people took note of its claim.
You could see her posing next to Huma, Arianna and a Saudi princess.
There is a thread right now among the core HOLA group where people are sharing how much they hurt, how much they need support right now, and that they are coordinating in different offices to meet up to just hold each other.
In Honduras, a scandal as huge as the one in Chile is about to be repeated.
"Christianity is Europe's last hope," Orban told an audience of party faithful at the foot of the Royal Castle in Budapest.
The entire event was caught on camera (by the teen’s friend who was with him), and the police are investigating.
Both men are currently in prison on five-year sentences, thanks in part to a 1996 antiterrorism law that imposed a mandatory minimum sentence on certain crimes on federal land.
It is not clear whether these church services take place in a form of a Holy Mass.
But Trump on Monday morning tweeted that McGahn spoke with the special counsel team for “over 30 hours with the White House Councel, only with my approval, for purposes of transparency.” (The tweet included a misspelling of “counsel.”)
But humans are taught at a young age to never question this and that belief has kept most of humanity enslaved for centuries.
A report by a research team earlier this year found that Google can manipulate opinions of undecided voters by inserting negative search suggestions under the name of a candidate.
Gregg Jarrett says it's "because they're zealous to the point where they've lost their common sense."
campaign and leveraged our social media influencer friends’ reach to hit over 11M impressions with that hashtag.
Carballo was Francis’ very first appointment, April 6, 2013, three weeks after the Conclave and it was to him that the pope gave the task of the destruction of the FFIs, and a major part of that operation was to separate the FFIs from real assets valued at about 30 million Euros.
A last key point, the said, is to ridicule the enemy.
Congress-led central governments also made suitable insertions in the Citizenship Act thereafter by way of Clause 14A in 2004, relating to issue of national identity cards to all citizens of India and later Schedule 4A in 2009, was also added. Hence fanning violence now, by spreading falsehoods regarding the NRC and CAA, to further the Congress brand of divisive politics, simply because it has been electorally vanquished by the electorate, is not justified.
* Yes, he will be confirmed.
Politico allowed "a former CIA officer," writing under a pen name, to suggest - without any evidence - that the Guardian has been duped - not by its MI5/6 and Ecuadorian spy sources, but by Russian disinformation:
National Data | May Jobs: We Unveil The New VDAWDI | Articles
If a college of judges in a matrimonial tribunal is not able to arrive at moral certitude regarding the nullity of a marriage after a careful and thorough examination of the petition of nullity, how can an individual priest be capable of making such a judgment having to do with the eternal salvation of the soul in question?
Fourteen men and two women were arrested during the enforcement actions.
Farrakhan’s history of racially extreme comments includes blaming Jews for the September 11 attacks, saying white people “deserve to die” and praising Adolf Hitler as a “very great man.” “I personally know [Farrakhan], I’ve been to his home, done meetings, participated in events with him,” Davis told TheDC.
"Trade deficits do not matter," we hear from the economists.
The FBI doesn’t acknowledge that there is a global jihad, or that Islam has anything to do with terrorism.
Medicare for all, that will never happen.”
That line of criticism has been picked up by, among others, Rep. Duncan Hunter, R-Calif., who was indicted on federal officials this week on charges of misusing campaign finance funds for personal use.
Another excuse used by the Obama government was to bring them here to find their families already in the US.
And as for our older home-schooled children: My third-eldest child is preparing to head off to college in the fall.
‘The Democrats paid for the phony and discredited Dossier which was, along with Comey, McCabe, Strzok and his lover, the lovely Lisa Page, used to begin the Witch Hunt.
“We have enough concertina wire to cover up to 22 miles already deployed, already to the border.
What the group of laymen should be doing, instead of petitioning that it be saved, is finding a place where the nuns can live their charism of religious life without episcopal harassment.
MS-503 Gang Member Apprehended by Border Patrol Agents In Arizona
Every time Mass is celebrated, the priest prays that Jesus will “look not on our sins but on the faith of [his] Church… .” That’s been an important prayer for me in the time that I have been serving this archdiocese, well aware of our sins but equally aware of the strong and vibrant faith of this local Church.
You’re like, talking to a wall,” he said of Gilani.
Pope Francis kept this commitment made by his predecessor.
We must ask ourselves why this hasn’t happened.
Some of you were lying in wait and had it ready.
‘He was trying to attack me and remove my clothing.’” Ms. Ford said she was able to escape the room and go home without any apparent further incident after “Kavanaugh’s friend and classmate at Georgetown Preparatory School, Mark Judge, jumped on top of them, sending all three tumbling.”
At the Nunciature in Washington there is a note, written in his hand, in which Cardinal Re disassociates himself from the appointment and states that McCarrick was 14th on the list for Washington.
"Everywhere he wants to get migration accepted.
Was McCarrick’s appointment to Washington and as Cardinal the work of Sodano, when John Paul II was already very ill?
While the report refuses to say conclusively that political bias was the animus behind the FBI’s handling of the Clinton probe, it also indicates that IG Horowitz may have more to say about the FBI’s political leanings in his Russia report.
Having written the article in the closing chapter of the disastrous Obama administration, the author recognizes and celebrates the life-saving turn-around disposition that the Trump administration has brought in to counter Jihad.
He was convicted in 2008 for aggravated assault with a deadly weapon and sentenced to four months in federal prison.
Meaning, the virus itself doesn’t actually kill.
November 29, 2018
Reprinted with permission from Zero Hedge.
Electoral roll(s) up to March 24, 1971; or
SMITH: “So, let’s go back to Mr. Gillum’s platform, right?
Now officially Voto Latino is a non-partisan entity, but that is a sham.
No, you can't act like a child and keep your pass.
In the context of the faith, the importance of a man’s present short life on earth cannot be compared with his future endless existence in heaven.
What President Trump really meant is that he has painted the US into a corner with all his threats of war and really does not know what to do next.
Because there is no serious media examining the whole WikiLeaks witch hunt, virtually none of this emerges.
The Trump administration is examining a new plan to help Iranians fighting the hardline regime in Iran following America's exit from the landmark nuclear deal and reimposition of harsh economic sanctions that could topple a regime already beset by protests and a crashing economy, according to a copy of the plan obtained by the Washington Free Beacon.
The Justice Department’s recent settlement with Wilson is very favorable to him, allowing Wilson to provide the printing instructions “for public release (meaning unlimited distribution) in any form.” The government also compensated $40,000 of Wilson’s legal costs.
Maligning and Profiting off Assange
The release is the culmination of an 18-month probe, led by state Attorney General Josh Shapiro, on six of the state’s eight dioceses — Harrisburg, Pittsburgh, Allentown, Scranton, Erie and Greensburg — and follows other state grand jury reports that revealed abuse and coverups in two other dioceses.
Omar Smith, who says he went to college with Gillum, reveals Gillum cannot fulfill his campaign promises even if he wanted to.
A Muslim named Hafiz Kazi, according to the Times, “drove a burning minivan filled with propane and gas tanks into the front gate of Travis Air Force Base in Northern California.” After scrutinizing all the evidence closely, the FBI just can’t figure out what could possibly have been Kazi’s motive.
With Assange now trapped in the Ecuadorean embassy, Harding, who had enriched himself on the backs of both Julian Assange and Edward Snowden, stood among the police outside the embassy and gloated on his blog that “Scotland Yard may get the last laugh”.
The Justice Department has not pointed out that they will possibly call a special counsel to this.
Wouldn’t he have been less confrontational than Obama in Syria?
Patrick J. Buchanan: Sorry, Jeff Flake, It's Trump's Party Now!
All the cities in the Almoravid state were conquered by the Almohads.
The blessing comes from God, He is being addressed in the form of a request; and it is given to people, objects, and buildings, with the help of the sign of the cross, holy water, and incense.
The Hammonds are devoted family men, respected contributors to their local community, and have widespread support from their neighbors, local law enforcement, and farmers and ranchers across the West.
McCarrick will become the norm, not the exception, and confidence in the leadership and moral authority of the Catholic Church will remain in the toilet indefinitely... exactly as the forces of darkness intended all along.
Frings’ claim to fame in that great drama was a speech criticising the CDF – and its prefect Cardinal Alfredo Ottaviani – for the “conservatism” in the “schema,” the documents prepared by the CDF for guiding the bishops’ discussions.
We will be demanding the opportunity to present testimony to the committee and will likewise be demanding that Judge and others be subpoenaed to testify,” Avenatti wrote on Twitter.
“We want strong borders and we want no crime,” Trump said.
I'm not sure if he should have.
The deeper problem lies in homosexual networks within the clergy which must be eradicated.” These homosexual networks, which are now widespread in many dioceses, seminaries, religious orders, etc., act under the concealment of secrecy and lies with the power of octopus tentacles, and strangle innocent victims and priestly vocations, and are strangling the entire Church.
In the year 718, the Umayyad caliph Umar ibn Abd al-Aziz sent out a message to the governors of the various Islamic provinces:
Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Obviously, a lot is riding on the confirmation.
He “upset the well-established separation between investigative and prosecutorial functions,” the report said.
He has also lashed out at Obama officials, saying that his prosecution was politically motivated, prompted by sensitivity about classified information amid the scandal involving Clinton’s emails.
Arianna Huffington praised the White House for bringing her in.
The comparison of the Soros funded group that has stood with Hamas over Israel with Jews who were forced to collaborate with the Nazis during the Holocaust was indeed insulting.
Separate but equal does not work.
c. Engaging with the enemy during war.
“This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further.
Still, as was pointed out by Matt Agorist, Bolton told an audience of the Grand Gathering of Iranians for Free Iran:
Among the working classes there is a bias against intellectual work.
Judge Kavanaugh is being subjected to charges of a criminal nature that could not only deprive him of a seat on the Supreme Court for which he is otherwise eminently qualified.
By divine decree it will perdure until the end of time, when “the former things are passed away.” Only then “death shall be no more, nor mourning, nor crying, nor sorrow shall be any more,” and not one minute sooner.
Thanks largely to her, Libya became a breeding ground for ISIS and other jihadists.
Remember when Obama's "pastor," Jeremiah Wright uttered "God damn, America!"?
Nor was Obama worried about the reputational risk of loading foreign currency on unmarked cargo planes and flying it to Iran.
Turkish officials have described — but have not released — what they say are audio and video recordings that show the 60-year-old contributor to the Washington Post opinion pages was interrogated, tortured and killed by Saudi intelligence officers inside the consulate.
The FBI placed the letter in its background file on Judge Kavanaugh but decided not to pursue any further investigation.
By 1100 what we now know as the College of Cardinals, embracing all the cardinals of different titles, had the exclusive right to elect a Pope, and the members of the College “have held it ever since.” (Eric John, The Popes, 181).
O’Malley was not only a member of the pope’s “G9” group of close advisors; he was also the man who sought to clean up the abuse scandal in Boston after the departure of his predecessor, Cardinal Bernard Law, whose shifting of predator priests to new posts was exposed by the Boston Globe and chronicled in the movie “Spotlight.”
Hillary Clinton sat down with Recode’s Kara Swisher over the weekend to talk propaganda against her conservative political opponents and how mean, nasty and evil they have been in the past few months.
REMNANT COMMENT: The report also shows that “more than 90 ‘offenders’ will be listed” in Donald Cardinal Wuerl’s former diocese, which is ironic since Wuerl is one of Pope Francis’s closest U.S. advisers and sits on the Vatican’s bishop oversight committee.
Page and Strzok are not the only FBI officials assigned to the Clinton email probe who were found to have exchanged personal messages indicating either an animus against Trump or frustration with the fact that the FBI was investigating Clinton.
Following is a transcript: Jihad Al-‘Ayesh: “Some people have shown up with a new fashion.
There are thousands of predominantly young men marching towards the border.
This report was originally published by Tyler Durden at Zero Hedge
Last week, I had a woman come up to me at my last meeting in Amery, Wisconsin.
Bacon did not respond to questions from the TheDCNF about how he knew Gilani had emailed the FBI on those dates….
Numbering just over 350, they joined an initial smaller group of around 85 people, mostly members of the LGBT community, who’d experienced discrimination within the main crowd and were helped to make it to the Mexican border town even earlier on Sunday.
US Conference of Mayors Call For More Gun Confiscation Legislation
But as part of the nuclear deal, Iran was promised access to overseas reserves of its own funds that had been frozen by sanctions.
I suppose you have to be a psychiatrist to understand all of this.
Date of erection: 1994
Another requirement will be for a “religious assistant,” a priest monitoring the monastery in addition to a chaplain, to be assigned by the federation.
I’ve been to Saviour’s Day, I’ve read, I’ve been a fan of Elijah Muhammad, so those are my positions, but I do disagree with the notion that white people are devils.”
In formation: 9
It’s good to be a powerful Leftist in Washington nowadays.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
I mean especially when we at —
Habib Powell had all the right friends.
Why did God judge Sodom and Gomorrah?
These self-generated reports were made in response to a questionnaire set out for the meeting.
67 Affiliation [with another monastery, appointed by the Vatican] can be an opportunity for recovery and rebirth when autonomy of life is partially compromised.
As Stütz reports:
The question now is whether the Trump administration will go further.
So just to repeat it, I said the word ‘would’ instead of ‘wouldn’t’ …
They kick and scream and lie and pout.
And neither can God's law be changed to accommodate the spirit of our “most enlightened” age---which is, of course, an evil spirit that can be driven out only by prayer and fasting.
Rural communities of the West are greatly appreciative of the efforts of the Trump administration to restore the economies of these communities.
But the Trump administration has spoken out on other countries where the people want their independence.
Prosecutors say they investigated allegations of improper behavior in Awan’s Congress role, but will bring no charges.
In the FBI memo, you can already see the genesis of the distinction the FBI would rely on to clear Clinton.
They had a right to find out from the so-called “War Logs” the criminality of our wars in Afghanistan and Iraq.
No support for those people, and why?
She and her attorneys feel that they are in the driver's seat and thus, can call all the shots.
Why would he choose to walk away knowing that his task was not completed?
If Murillo had ended her email there, this probably would not amount to the level of a national news story.
Article posted with permission from Sons Of Liberty Media
It’s all being done to us.
Grainer said he wanted to release the list of accused predators earlier but was asked to wait until a state grand jury inquiry into abuse in six Pennsylvania Catholic diocese, including Harrisburg, was complete.
Mueller and the Dossier aren’t just coming up empty, they’re exposing the misdeeds of Brennan, Comey, McCabe, Strzok and all the rest.
DOS officials have repeatedly told the media that the monitors they sent to Broward County saw no election fraud.
It will be argued that such a deposition would provoke massive schisms in the Church.
Horowitz blames Comey, Strzok, and Page for besmirching the good name of the FBI and harming the agencies reputation with the American people.
Dina Habib Powell was an influential figure in the Bush administration.
-0.2% Unemployed 12,284 11,384 -900 -7.3% Unemployment rate (%) 9.5% 8.8% -0.7%pt.
Voto Latino is vocally partisan.
There is currently no “proven” treatment for Ebola, however dozens of experimental drugs exist – including a vaccine called rVSV-ZEBOV, which has reportedly protected nearly 6,000 people.
Of course, even if they had found those things, given their track record of denial and deception, they may still be searching for Kazi’s motive.
According to a 33-year-long study conducted by the National Home Education Research Institute in Oregon, the top three reasons that parents choose homeschooling are a desire to provide religious instruction or different values than those offered in public schools; dissatisfaction with the academic curriculum, and worries about the school environment.
That supposedly great newspaper titles like the Guardian, New York Times and Washington Post are involved in the spreading of lies to damage Assange, and are seeking his imprisonment for publishing state secrets, is clear evidence that the idea of the “liberal media” no longer exists in the new plutocratic age.
That is when the idea of deporting the Jews to Palestine arose….
Comfortably Smug (@ComfortablySmug) August 1, 2018
And with Clintonworld people.
“The Church’s ‘path’ of the last 50 years has been ‘fruitful’.
No sane person is saying that the West should go to war with the entire Islamic world.
If it weren’t so infuriating, it would be laughable that following the McCarrick scandal of sexual predation of young males and seminarians, by a Cardinal, and covered up by Bishops, the Catholic Church would host a Synod of Bishops on the topic of young people and vocations!
That is profoundly irresponsible journalism – fake news – that should be of the gravest concern to readers.
God instituted it, and He was the first to impose it, embedding it in the very fabric of natural law.
Kris Kobach is the Secretary of State of Kansas.
“I have received information from an individual concerning the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court,” Senator Feinstein said in a surprise statement.
That monastery in Germany is lost.
We were delighted that the bitterly anti-Catholic media hated and feared him.
Because we’re telling you it has.”
Unfortunately no western main stream media can any longer be trusted to publish the truth.
“The Saudis have been great partners in working alongside us on these issues,” Pompeo said.
Federation: Spain - Navarre
And she will only be questioned by members of the Senate panel, not outside lawyers.
The story was weakly sourced and included some details that seemed unlikely to be true.
After I got saved, as they say (John 3:3), I remember my mother calling me up and saying, “The family wants to know what is wrong with you.”
What about Judge Kavanaugh's comfort in being put through the ringer without a shred of evidence, Senator Flake?
He asked why “the systematic brutality, the widespread atrocities, the ruthless suppression of independent thought” of the Soviet Union were well known in the West while America’s imperial crimes “never happened … even while [they] were happening, they never happened.” No Place to Hide: Edwa... Glenn Greenwald Best Price: $1.49 Buy New $3.70 (as of 06:30 EDT - Details)
“More than one third of Iran’s population is minority groups, many of whom already seek independence,” the paper explains.
It was only when he was forced by the report of the abuse of a minor, again on the basis of media attention, that he took action to save his image in the media.
Smith also explains Gillum’s political worldview, saying that “Gillum is a progressive… He is a part of the crazy crazy crazies.”
were never fulfilled,” said Phil Saviano, an abuse survivor who founded the New England chapter of the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests.
This is to be borne in mind that CAA is not only for the Hindu community but also for other minorities such as Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis and Christians from other nations. At a prayer meeting on July 12, 1947, the Father of the Nation, Mahatma Gandhi had said: “The people who had been forced to leave Pakistan should know that they were the citizens of entire India … they should feel that they were born to serve India and connect with its glory.”
He became a candidate for sainthood.
But after, the report reads, the server appears to have been secretly replaced with one that looked similar.
"Of course we will fight, and use ever stronger legal tools.
The enemy to great power is not the likes of the Taliban, it is us.
The interview began with the statement Bernstein delivered for Pilger at the Left Forum last weekend in New York on a panel devoted to Assange entitled, “Russia-gate and WikiLeaks”.
“One also felt that, in these events of May,” Marty continued, “the seriousness of the working class, which wants not only to earn a living wage, but also to find its freedom, its independence.” Theaggiornamentistas was never purged from the Church, and certainly not from the seminaries.
Inspector Fabricio Oliveira of Rio de Janeiro’s police department says Frederik Barbieri was arrested Saturday morning at his home in Florida.
Senator Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.) is also suffering from the same syndrome.
And he said, Behold now, I have taken upon me to speak unto theLord: Peradventure there shall be twenty found there.
https://t.co/x7JDUJd4t0 pic.twitter.com/o64PC7EEFQ — Byron York (@ByronYork) September 19, 2018
• The USCP interviewed relevant staff regarding the missing server.
The Shahada states: “There is no god but Allah, and Muhammad is the messenger of Allah.” Penkoski called Mountain Ridge Middle School Principal Ron Branch and objected to the packet, saying it disturbed him and had misinformation about the history of calligraphy.
Writing to me in English, by way of introductory comments in their longer analysis of the document that will be forthcoming, Sister T, fully professed and a senior member of the monastery’s council, said, “The Cor Orans document is the death-knell of Carmel.
The following are criminal summaries of some of the offenders arrested in the Kansas City area during this operation:
Celestron Sky Maps Celstron Best Price: $15.97 Buy New $18.95 (as of 04:55 EDT - Details)
Things like the “reckless storage” of firearms and drinking habits can be considered.
Take a look for yourself and understand how pathological liar and accused woman abuser Keith Ellison seeks to deceive you.
Strzok should have been subject to a criminal referral for arguably violating 18 U.S.C.
If you want the FBI to go back that far @[email protected] to investigate Ford’s allegations….
— Tracy Wilkinson
To take an example, Serene Jones, a theologian, recently spoke about how white identity was constructed where she growing up in the American South. She mentions that when Jim Crow laws were passed in US states segregating blacks and whites – those who were not black, even if they had Cherokee origins, had to sign documents declaring themselves to be “pure white” to claim title to land they possessed. In other words, non-black individuals had to assume a white identity in order to avoid the violent exclusion meted out to African-Americans.
Julian Assange’s father has written to Turnbull.
He survived the primaries and got the nomination.
There were times when I said to him, “Why don’t you just suspend that for a while and go along with it?” Of course, I knew beforehand what his answer would be and that was “no.” The enormous amount of information that has come from WikiLeaks, particularly in recent years, has amounted to an extraordinary public service.
It is a month for fighting the enemies of Allah and God’s messenger, the Jews and their American facilitators.” Referring to a jihad attack that happened at that time, the message continued: “One of our groups aided by Allah managed to bomb a bus full of Jewish tourists, plunderers of holy lands, after careful tracking.
During the section on Christianity, “Jesus was taught,” Branch claimed.
It describes the tsunami of vindictive personal abuse that has been heaped upon Julian from well-known journalists, many claiming liberal credentials.
Lot met the angels in the city square and urged them to stay at his house.
In case you missed it, here's a still frame of Ellison just a few feet away from a man who has called on 10,000 blacks to stalk and murder white people.
At the original Carmel an infirmary wing has been added for those sisters who require nursing; it is run by Franciscan sisters.
I'm not saying the Iranian government is good, but it is Iran's government.
And it’s an echo of the failed approach of the Bush years.
Tlaib, of course, had nothing to say about the genocidal incitement against Jews and Israel that regularly features on Palestinian television.
It begins with flu-like symptoms, followed by bloody diarrhea and vomiting.
I completely agree.
Now Farage has apparently decided that if he can’t beat them, he’ll join them — if not on Brexit, then in their stance of denial and appeasement regarding the global jihad threat.’
"What you want to do is destroy this guy's life, hold this seat open, and hope you win in 2020," Graham blasted Democrat Senators on the committee.
He then said people need to stop thinking these people are a threat.
“I saw the assignment of writing the Shahada in Arabic.
How can one avoid concluding that the reason they do not provide the documentation is that they know it confirms my testimony?
After his address, which was partly read and partly delivered off the cuff, the Pope wished to greet all the nuncios one by one.
Yet Fisher maintains a sliver of space for deniability in order to maintain that indispensable distinction between her and those loathsome traditionalists: “I don’t have any ideological reason to want to bring him down.
If it is ever necessary to hold back the revolt of the free being and re-establish the violated law, it is when that is required by the supreme Judge and supreme Justice.
The taboo about teaching religion in the public schools, so zealously established and guarded against Christian prayer by the ACLU and the Supreme Court over the last few decades, is increasingly set aside in American public schools, as presentations on Islam frequently cross the line between teaching facts about the religion and teaching the religion as fact.
If they do, they'll regret it in 2020.
"Senator Grassley must postpone the vote until, at a very minimum, these serious and credible allegations are thoroughly investigated,” Senator Schumer said.
From this derives our task, to be creative and, at the same time, faithful (creative fidelity).” [emphasis in the original.]
JStreetPAC, the arm of the NGO that funds and endorses candidates, currently lists Rep. Danny Davis, an Illinois Democrat from the virulently anti-Semitic Farrakhan’s home base of Chicago, as a candidate it supports.
Ramirez wasn’t even sure her memory was correct — until she spent six days going over it with her Democrat lawyer.
Several border agents were seen patrolling the area in trucks, 4-wheelers, a helicopter and on horses.
The neo-Catholic propaganda mill will have a very difficult time smearing this witness, however.
The Law read, “Defile not the land of your habitation which is stained with the blood of the innocent: neither can it otherwise be expiated, but by his blood that hath shed the blood of another” (Num.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
The man is heard muttering "b---- a-- motherf------" as one of the other teens sitting at the table appears stunned.
He joined in 1966, was ordained in ’78, and was quickly appointed to a high-ranking position as general director with responsibility for seminaries and schools of the Legionaries of Christ in Italy, Spain and Ireland until 1983.
From 2003 to 2007 Peña Parra worked as Counsellor at the Tegucigalpa Nunciature.
John Calvin said, “Whomsoever the Lord has adopted and deemed worthy of His fellowship ought to prepare themselves for a hard, toilsome and unquiet life, crammed with very many and various kinds of evil.” And of course to the counterfeit's this is foreign.
Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court?
To our priests: Most simply, live out the promises you made on your ordination day.
President Trump then reminded everyone of the Obama administration’s failures in dealing with Russian meddling in the election.
The irony is that no one told these journalists what to do.
Why are we even talking about nuclear war in North Asia?
As expected, two Muslim women, Rashida Tlaib in Michigan and Ilhan Omar in Minnesota, have been overwhelmingly elected to Congress.
Ford didn't even think to act, according to her testimony, until Kavanaugh was on the short list, but did she go to local law enforcement?
Would it not be easier and less expensive for grand deal-maker Trump to recognize North Korea, set up diplomatic relations, stop trying to overthrow the Kim regime, and finally end the Korean War?
But Bergoglio has also lent his own authority to Martin’s effort to mainstream homosexuality in the Church.
You may opt out at anytime.
While Shah has assured that the NRC process would not differentiate based on religion, the CAA+NRC process is likely to play out differently for some Hindus.
It must specifically register that Jihadists are the enemies and that Islamic law (Sharia) is what specifically motivates them.
In any case, what is certain is that Pope Benedict imposed the above canonical sanctions on McCarrick and that they were communicated to him by the Apostolic Nuncio to the United States, Pietro Sambi.
Ignoring eleven pages of detail, written and published under oath, he suggests there has been no “Documentation.
Beyond pressuring our allies, consider these specific steps President Trump has taken against Russia: Where President Obama refused to provide serious weapons to the Ukrainians to help them defend themselves (his response was weakness on a pathetic scale), President Trump has approved the sale of offensive weapons to enable the Ukrainians to increase the cost of Russian aggression.
John Pilger: His state of health is just about the same, as I understand it.
Representatives work for us, we do not work for them.
Democrats are pulling out all the stops and enabling salacious last-minute accusations against Supreme Court nominee Judge Brett Kavanaugh in order to sink his candidacy.
“Loss is a part of life, and I do think frustrations challenge us to work smarter and get creative.
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
The planet, which NASA says is the windiest in our Solar System, hosts regular storms which appear as large spots on its surface, but scientists are still at a loss as to how they actually occur.
Article posted with permission from The Daily Caller News Foundation
“It kept exploding — boom boom.
A former administration official told CNN that reports suggesting they were planning to restore Iran's access to the US financial system "were absolutely false," that the license was "totally in line with our well-known obligations under the deal."
Facebook is, of course, just one terrain of this leftist brownshirt-style assault on free speech.
“You voted NOT GUILTY on both counts at Bill Clinton’s impeachment,” she tweeted.
The discernment on the foundation of a new monastery by the Federation is made within the framework of the Federal Assembly.”
I hope the American people can see through this sham, that you knew about it and you held it."
Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer
Meanwhile, Trump continued pounding Sessions in other tweets, saying he needed to investigate “deleted Emails, Comey lies & leaks, Mueller conflicts, McCabe, Strzok, Page, Ohr…the Clinton Foundation, illegal surveillance of Trump Campaign, Russian collusion by Dems — and so much more.”
Under terms of the nuclear deal, Iran was given the right to reclaim billions of dollars in state assets and bank accounts frozen by international sanctions, but it remained “illegal for U.S. persons, entities, and financial institutions to do business with Iran or parties on behalf of Iran.”
Shapiro's comments can be heard in the video below.
The right to know what governments are doing in our name—on our behalf or to our detriment—is our moral right.
Daniel Greenfield said this about Dina Habib Powell: “The media dubbed her the Republican Huma Abedin.
In sum, the long-awaited inspector general report on the FBI’s and Justice Department’s handling of the Hillary Clinton e-mail investigation is as disappointing as the rigged outcome of the e-mail investigation itself.
I have defended him as long as I could, up until the Chile debacle.
The new Guardian story looked like another weak attempt to connect the alleged Russian malfeasance with Assange and the Wikileaks publishing of the DNC emails.
They called to Lot, 'Where are the men who came to you tonight?
* Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker
The Northerners certainly seemed to think so.
Just about every country splits up families when they arrest the parents.
We’re also talking about homosexual propositions and abuses against seminarians and young priests by powerful priests, bishops, and cardinals.
Number of convents: 20
It promises to change the export control rules surrounding any firearm below .50 caliber—with a few exceptions like fully automatic weapons and rare gun designs that use caseless ammunition—and move their regulation to the Commerce Department, which won't try to police technical data about the guns posted on the public internet.
However, Dr Toby Heys told the New Scientist in 2017 that an infrasound attack wouldn't be "very covert" as a "large array of subwoofers" would be needed.
The story was completely false and the Guardian knew it was.
A rough patch—or a double-dip recession?
The “erpos” give us that tool now as an option,’ said Sgt.
Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Ill., said that the letter in question has been referred to the FBI for investigation.
Ms. Ford should have the burden to prove her accusations by at least a preponderance of all the evidence presented.
The high-stakes behind-the-scenes jockeying over the confirmation process continues.
The Last-Minute Character Assassination of Judge Kavanaugh
“When the Parkland shooting happened, our phone calls and emails exploded,” said coalition president Tim Lambert.
An email chain among senior Google executives from the day after the 2016 presidential election reveals the company tried to influence the 2016 United States presidential election on behalf of one candidate, Democrat Hillary Rodham Clinton.
By a wonderful coincidence of timing, this is the day after Mueller announced that Manafort’s plea deal was over.
May 2018 was the fifth consecutive month in which the foreign-born working age population (including illegals) grew by more than 1 million from the same month the prior year.
The memo said the CHA possesses voluminous evidence, including, “Interview notes with House Members’ Chiefs of Staff,” and “Logon activity and computer access logs.” Prosecutors have not brought charges.
Monsignor Lantheaume told me that “the Nuncio’s voice could be heard all the way out in the corridor.”
Beijing swept past Italy, France, Britain, Germany and Japan to become the premier manufacturing power on earth and a geo-strategic rival.
She was there as a presenter at the Middle East Institute after a speech by Hanan Ashrawi.
Hillary is still walking free.
But they raised it in a way that didn’t support the idea that a government should represent its citizens.
In that interview, Powell heaped effusive praise upon Power and can be seen nodding in agreement throughout.
Finally, the autonomous Carmels have asked help from the Federation in order to protect their interests.
“We just are going to allow the process to move forward, allow the facts to unfold,” Pompeo said.
We should not forget that we are following in the tradition of Teresa of Jesus and in the tradition of all those who have followed in her footsteps.
In an April 15, 2014 email from Google’s then-Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt found in the WikiLeaked Podesta emails, titled “Notes for a 2016 Democratic Campaign,” Schmidt tells Cheryl Mills that “I have put together my thoughts on the campaign ideas and I have scheduled some meetings in the next few weeks for veterans of the campaign to tell me how to make these ideas better.
A brief recap of Jamie's story: on Sept. 11, the 17th Anniversary of the 9/11 terror strike, Facebook's Unholy Alliance masters informed Jamie that he was suspended from Facebook for 30 days due to his posting of his article, 9 Steps to Successfully Counter Jihad, which Facebook informed him violated their "community standards."
10 Also Known As Messier 31
On the very day Archbishop Viganò’s testimony was made public, Sandro Magister summed up the entire state of affairs in the Church universal after decades of unrestricted homosexual migration into the hierarchy, to which Bergoglio has contributed mightily: “From the seminaries, to the clergy, to the bishops, to the cardinals, homosexuals are present at all levels, by the thousand.”
Does anyone really think Iran will be better off if Trump puts a bunch of “former” terrorists in charge of the country?
Mueller is ‘looking for trouble,’ Trump says cryptically
I have, however, referred the matter to federal investigative authorities.”
By blurring the line between a gun and a digital file, Wilson had also successfully blurred the lines between the Second Amendment and the First.
Remember, whether you like Judge Kavanaugh or not, this has been nothing but a political hit.
Carlson cited Dr. Robert Epstein, a social scientist and an expert on Google, who has said, in Carlson’s words, “Google alone could determine the outcome of almost any election just by altering its search selections and we would never know it.”
"Your agencies' review, and any communication with the White House on the substance of the material, should not proceed further until you have briefed the Gang of Eight in person."
While I realize that it is not always easy to evaluate the credibility of those bringing allegations, and that there’s often a tendency to believe those we know over those we don’t, I don’t think that the Church in the United States will rest — and confidence will be restored — until the matter is independently investigated and explained, and assurances are given that there are safeguards in place to make sure that something like this couldn’t happen again.
Gillum Makes Promises He Can’t Keep, “that’s not for [voters] to know” Says Campaign Staff in Undercover Video – PVA
As to matters of purely ecclesiastical law such as this one the Church has always allowed for departures from traditional practice in cases of emergency or grave necessity.
Equipped with first-aid kits, wearing helmets and gloves, the Museum air wardens cleared away heaps of broken bricks and the remains of charred flooring after each bomb hit the building; they helped dig out the living and the dead and bandage the wounded after raids in the surrounding area.
I'm not for the government of Iran.
Two of those named have stated that they will cooperate with the FBI.
To contradict two popes – whom the Church has already “beatified” the one and “canonized” the other – so shortly after their deaths, and in such a radical and open manner, probably has never happened before in the Church's history.
Take a look at his comments.
He had time enough to climb back to Diara Traore’s apartment where he finally was arrested.
Fox 5 reports:
On Feb. 28, 2018, a 38-year-old Mexican citizen was arrested in Olathe, Kansas.
A felony conviction left him scrambling to find work; he finally landed a job collecting garbage.
But no one is talking about this.
In Arizona, it is already over, and a pro-jihad Marxist Democrat who lost the election will be going to the Senate.
Plus, he never removed the pistol from its holster or brandished it in any way.
Number of convents:16
It was widely reported that the MEK was behind the anti-government violence that erupted in Iran in January which snowballed into the situation today.
Trump also asked that other important documents be declassified as well, including 21 pages worth of an application for a renewed surveillance warrant against former campaign aide Carter Page, according to Fox News.
Given the lack of a pharmaceutical weapon against Ebola, health experts have responded with time-honoured measures of control, prevention and containment.
No action on North Korea is better than any conceivable military operation.
I want to recall this indefectible truth of the Church’s holiness to the many people who have been so deeply scandalized by the abominable and sacrilegious behavior of the former Archbishop of Washington, Theodore McCarrick; by the grave, disconcerting and sinful conduct of Pope Francis and by the conspiracy of silence of so many pastors, and who are tempted to abandon the Church, disfigured by so many ignominies.
RIO DE JANEIRO — Brazilian police say the man considered to be the country’s largest arms dealer has been arrested in the United States by Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents.
“I absolutely, unqualifiedly denounce and reject the views of Louis Farrakhan," said Ellison.
HANNITY: John, I want her to respond to the same thing, that the Clinton Foundation, that this will be traced back to high-ranking Obama administration officials and the Clinton Foundation, and if you add the money portion Sara mentioned?
Bishop of Madison
Pilger Excoriates Media
Q. Is the count of citizens-termed as National Register of Citizens in India-is a unique concept? Is there anything fundamentally wrong in counting citizens?
Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller
Hypocritically exploiting an unsubstantiated allegation of decades-old purported teenage sexual mischief, Democrats seeking to torpedo Judge Kavanaugh’s Supreme Court confirmation for ideological reasons have debased themselves with a shameless smear campaign against an eminently qualified candidate for the Supreme Court.
It has been said: “You shall know the truth, and the truth shall set you free.” WikiLeaks is helping make that possible by publishing documents that do not lie.
The GOP’s policies of recent decades — the New World Order of George H.W.
It must be exacted from him directly in order to vilify and humiliate him, so that Islam and its people may be exalted and the race of infidels brought low.
Dina Powell is everything that was wrong with the Bush administration.
Article posted with permission from Constitution.com
As I reported in this column last week, in a bipartisan meeting with congressmen and senators recently, President Trump “voiced support for confiscating guns from certain individuals deemed to be dangerous, even if it violates due process rights.
I think it’s worth doing.
“But, this requires a better understanding of transmission pathways in each region where disease persists.”
Chagai Tzuriel , who heads the Israeli Ministry of Intelligence, echoed the FDD: "If you (Americans) are committed to countering Iran in the region, then you must do so in Syria--first."
We never anticipated that 29% of Latinos would vote for Trump.
The bipartisan U.S. Conference of Mayors passed a series of resolutions calling for more gun control measures during the group's annual meeting in Boston this week.
One of the things I’ve been saying is a blessing in disguise, and an enormous relief, about the Bergoglian era is that we can finally leave behind us the absurd situation of the Wojtyla/Ratzinger era.
The law deceptively says that it has to be the testimony of a “family member.” [Most of the “red flag” laws, such as the one in Washington State, do not limit who can claim the gun owner poses a risk to the safety of himself or others to family members.]
The other outbreak in Yambuku in Zaire in what is now DR Congo.
“In this case, the man refused to comply.
That seems to have become its main purpose.
It uncritically peddled the Russiagate story and the nonsensical Skripal claims which are both obviously concocted by British intelligence services.
“The Prologue [of the Rule of St. Benedict] set this choice before us, the world or Our Lord, as mutually exclusive alternatives; we cannot remain neutral, but must belong wholly to the one or wholly to the other.”
But the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2019 added one more ground of the cancellation i.e.if the OCI has violated any law that is in force in the country.
The American Church, instead of protesting corruption in government through the example of the Biblical patriarchs and our American forefathers (Matthew 5:17-18), teach to submit to tyranny as if to suggest that it is somehow obedience to God (Romans 12:21).
support for these independence movements, both overt and covert, could force the regime to focus attention on them and limit its ability to conduct other malign activities.”
Then they were dropped.
Within hours of being published the Guardian piece was debunked as fake news.
The report from the Department of Justice’s Office of the Inspector General (“OIG”) criticized certain actions and decisions of former FBI Director James Comey, together with those of other senior FBI officials who were involved in the probe, including former Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe.
Demonizing those intent on violating the law and have demonstrated that they are doing it along the way and declaring that we will not allow such persons across our border is simply common sense, but you won't get common sense on CNN.
Or it will end in tragedy.
The Church in America has failed to keep the Commandments of the God of Israel.
Anyone who doubts this is an invasion only need look at the size of the caravan and those that make up the majority of those marching towards our border.
US nuclear weapons are based on Diego Garcia in the Indian Ocean.
REMNANT COMMENT: While we certainly appreciate His Excellency's candid explanation of what he knew and did not know about this horrific scandal in the Church, we would also humbly beg him to take it one step further by publicly proclaiming his profession of belief in the Church's official teaching against the mortal sin of homosexual acts and the so-called "gay lifestyle," which includes her long-held teaching that homosexual activity between clerics is an ecclesiastical crime.
The settlement states that 3D printing tutorials are approved “for public release (i.e.
Several people scaled the fence and sat on top of it.
year-over-year, in March and April, respectively.
The stronger NATO is, the less maneuvering room Russia has.
Now she’s not getting a penny,” Bacon said in court.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
South Korea’s new president, Moon Jae-in, demanded that his nation be consulted before any military action.
What could be a cutoff date for a nationwide NRC?
Ms. Ford’s supporters are exploiting the “Me Too” movement to declare Judge Kavanaugh guilty simply because Ms. Ford is a woman who has made what they call, without any corroborating evidence to date, a “credible” charge.
We must be done with sin.
Farrakhan Speech: 'Jews Are My Enemy,' 'White Folks Are Going Down'
Those who argue for its abolition do not necessarily put society in danger considering possibilities of penal systems.
I am thinking in particular of the United States of America, where I was sent as Apostolic Nuncio by Pope Benedict XVI on October 19, 2011, the memorial feast of the First North American Martyrs.
The Hammonds are multi-generation cattle ranchers in Oregon imprisoned in connection with a fire that leaked onto a small portion of neighboring public grazing land.
Obama Treasury Secretary Jack Lew told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in July 2015 that Iran would “continue to be denied access to the [U.S.] financial and commercial market” under the proposed accord, but the Treasury office went ahead with attempts to quietly allow the currency transaction sought by Iran.
And that’s why GOA is putting the 2018 Congressional Voter Scorecard into your hands.
I will hold the priests of the diocese to their promise to live a chaste and celibate life of service to you and your parish, and evidence of failure in this regard will be justly addressed;
“All Democrats fault for weak laws!”
Growing US hysteria over North Korea, a nation of only 25 million, recalls the propaganda storm launched by Washington to justify its invasion of equally small Iraq.
We watched two different videos.
These programs must crystallize what exactly Islamic Law is and how it inspires and sanctions violence against unbelievers.
Assange is not a whistleblower or a spy – he is the greatest publisher of his age, and has done more to bring the crimes of governments to light than the mainstream media will ever be motivated to achieve.
Popular at home but increasingly at odds politically and economically with mainstream European Union peers, Orban has thrived on external controversy, including repeated clashes with Brussels and lately the United Nations.
Each year, we have one or two seminars, which are also the occasion to the meeting of the Council of the Association.
A priest’s daughter convicted of fornication was burned to death (Lev.
If a thorough investigation was considered to be so important, why didn't Senator Feinstein set the ball rolling back in July when she first received word of the allegation?
It is the largest galaxy in the Local Cluster.
Article posted with permission from The Free Thought Project
Though he had lifted the title of his August anti-Trump polemic, "Conscience of a Conservative," from Barry Goldwater, Jeff Flake is no Barry Goldwater.
It is gauged by simply looking to the prevailing immoralities and debauchers of society.
What we seem to have here with the illegal immigration situation today is some very good actors on the Left accusing the Trump Administration of being cruel and insensitive with separating children from their families once they cross the Mexican border into the US.
She didn’t trust the heavily secularised field of psychology to help in determining a candidate’s suitability for religious life, so she didn’t require these tests of her monastery’s postulants.
They are hard-working, family ranchers who simply were doing their job.
However, it does serve as a great distraction from his actual constitution-hating and tyrannical tendencies.
However, taken together as a whole, it’s far too suspicious to lend it any credibility.
[In Sijilmasa] one hundred and fifty persons were killed for clinging to their [Jewish] faith….
Here’s what the President said with the photo:
They are being exposed for who they are and they do not like it.
Just as Faggioli fears, many in the up-and-coming generation of Catholic clergy and laity recognize the obvious: that the conciliar texts, for all their prolix repetition of traditional teaching, opened the way to ecclesial disaster.
Representative Justin Amash does not have a vote on whether or not Kavanaugh will be appointed.
New Delhi: Marred by the Covid-19 pandemic, the year 2020 has been a difficult one for people around the globe. Despite the pandemic, it was also a year of significant movements and collective efforts by people across the world.
So this idea that Trump is some kind of a puppet of Putin, that he controls him with blackmail, is the kind of stuff that you believe if you read too many
Democratic governor, Republican legislature.
I can also assure you that Luke Harding, the Guardian, Washington Post and New York Times have been publishing a stream of deliberate lies, in collusion with the security services.
* John Bolton Richard Grenell Dina Powell Heather Nauert Ivanka Trump
It appears Rudy Giuliani wasn’t lying.
As expected, at today’s hearing Kavanaugh will firmly rebut the increasingly outrageous claims being leveled at him.
Give me another position.
The congregation’s Secretary, Archbishop José Rodríguez Carballo, is reported as saying, “With this explicit reference to the Second Vatican Council, we point to our profound conviction that the council is the point of reference, non-negotiable, in the formation to the consecrated life.”
My daughter is not doing that.’ My daughter told me that if she didn’t do the assignment, then she was going to get a [detention] slip.”
Upon them rests the curse of Allah, of the Angels and of man collectively
In it, I summarized Richard Sipe’s document, which ended with this respectful and heartfelt appeal to Pope Benedict XVI: “I approach Your Holiness with due reverence, but with the same intensity that motivated Peter Damian to lay out before your predecessor, Pope Leo IX, a description of the condition of the clergy during his time.
Whether the claims are true is irrelevant to these people.
Many remember the military taking over several Walmart locations, mainly in Texas, during the Jade Helm exercises.
Instead, she invited Clinton to describe the “damage” Julian Assange did “personally to you”.
The same fortification effort will soon start across other parts of the state as well as in Arizona, and California.
She said that she did her research on me and said that the media really attacked me.
He’s a pro-life judge and his vote will certainly tip the scales of justice to the right.
“We Now Have Urban Ebola” In Congo, WHO Warns Of “Potentially Explosive Increase” In Cases
Trump threatens military closure at US border to stop migrants
I said that I was tempted to despair in light of all of this.
The Twitter exchange marks a bizarre twist in the story of the 26-year-old former U.S. Air Force linguist, who on Thursday apologized to a federal judge and said she takes “full responsibility for my actions.”
In other words, there has always been a death penalty.
This is a time of repentance, of conversion, of prayers, of grace, to prepare the Church, the bride of the Lamb, ready to fight and win with Mary the battle against the old dragon.
“The man, who we are not naming, is also well known to the bars and restaurants below his unit along Second Ave.
They are doubling down and only after being called on it are they trying to backtrack.
After responding to a question about Vigano’s very serious accusations, he said point blank, “I will not say a single word on this.”… [F]or the rest of the week and more, he kept up an unmistakable theme of calling for silence, equating silence with holiness, and painting himself as a Christlike victim in his silence.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
The authorities stonewalled at every turn.
Native-born American workers lost ground to their foreign-born competitors throughout the Obama years and this trend accelerated significantly in the months leading up to the election:
If they wanted something on the guy, why don't they bring up his involvement in the Vince Foster cover-up?
Jansen points out that Kasper had already tried to bring out the same proposal for Communion for divorced and remarried in 1993, together with Karl Lehmann, another “Sankt Gallen” member.
TheDCNF had not told anyone other than prosecutors about it.
The amended law inserts a new clause that says: “Nothing in this section shall apply to the tribal area of Assam, Meghalaya, Mizoram or Tripura as included in the Sixth Schedule to the Constitution and the area covered under “The Inner Line” notified under the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation, 1873.”
Puerto Rico Hurricane Recovery Worsened By Nearly 1 Million Homes Built Illegally
Who can blame the North Koreans for blowing their tops?
Before his long overdue fall McCarrick, as Bergoglio’s “trusted counselor,” had been instrumental in cementing into place the homosexual-friendly status quo of the American episcopate that oppresses and defrauds the faithful.
This helps explain why a reduction in the immigrant workforce population reduction is compatible with reports of a recent increase in illegal immigration on the U.S. southwest border (albeit still less than at the end of the Obama Regime).
Had this information in it before CFIUS approves this.
At the top of the fourth page of the email, Murillo asks her colleagues at Google to give out a “smile” to grieving leftist Latinos who work at the company.
d) Economic conditions that guarantee the community itself can provide for the needs of daily life.
Pope Francis, in the wake of the teaching of Pope Pius XII and reaffirmed by Ecumenical Vatican Council II, intended to present in Vultum Dei quaerere the intense and fruitful path taken by the Church in the last decades, in the light of the teachings of the same Council and considering the changed socio-cultural conditions.
You want this seat?
The Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) 2019, when viewed in combination with the Modi government’s intention to compile a National Register of Citizens (NRC) for India, will create a situation where being a Muslim and document-less could deprive one of citizenship rights. We may find more conversions out of Islam, and perhaps more takers for the Sangh Parivar’s ‘Ghar Wapsi’ programme. All this could occur even if the state governments in non-BJP ruled states do not cooperate with the Modi government on implementing the NRC. Ironically, it is the very process of democracy – elections and manifestoes - that will end up damaging the citizenship rights of the Muslim minority in India.
* Yes, he should have gotten it back.
2˚, “ipsius Romani Pontificis dumtaxat ius est iudicandi”;
See the video: https://t.co/LAUcjERTNc @News4SA @KABBFOX29 pic.twitter.com/akzNSp4ps8 — Joe Galli (@JoeGalliNews) July 11, 2018
Horowitz conceded that this meant “stop Trump from becoming president.” The IG said they uncovered that text in May, and Jordan asked “why did we not see it until last Thursday?”
Another layer of interest of the story.
So, you were actually asking yourself who the real people are who engage in identity politics and viewing people with different skin colors or ethnic backgrounds as inferior people?
Jeanine Pirro spoke to Hannity on Thursday night and asked, "Since when does truth and justice or guilt and innocence depend on your political party.
When the Russians used chemical weapons in Great Britain, President Trump joined our allies and expelled 60 Russian intelligence officers from the United States.
* Yes, he should have gotten it back.
Orban then called out the traitors in the midst of Europe who want to push Hungary to accept Muslim invaders.
Robert C. Morlino
India, for now, is holding its cards close to its chest, not revealing what it wants to do with those among the 19 lakh non-citizens who are Bengali Muslims. According to the 1985 Assam Accord signed by the Central Government, the leaders of the All-Assam Students Union and the state government, the process was clearly spelt out. Alleged foreign nationals, read alleged Bangladeshi citizens, should first be identified, names deleted from the list of voters and deported. Dhaka will not accept a single person without the relevant papers to prove his nationality.
Although he knew that he was a corrupt man, he covered for him to the bitter end; indeed, he made McCarrick’s advice his own, which was certainly not inspired by sound intentions and for love of the Church.
Of course, anyone who paid attention was aware of Google’s attempts to interfere on Clinton’s behalf.
This is impossible.
Florida is a “F***ed up,” “cracker state,” “you have to appeal to white guilt”
Muslim Leader Calls for Conquest of “America, Britain, Russia, France, and Italy”
A former CIA director compared US immigration policy to Nazi Germany in an ominous Tweet.
Over the past few weeks, the active-duty servicemen deployed under Operation Faithful Patriot have mainly been erecting barbed-wire fences along the border in Texas, California and Arizona, as well as building shelter accommodation for customs and border protection staff.
(As some observers noted, it was a generous gesture toward Cardinal Kasper that Pope Benedict XVI had decided to retire in due time.)
The Lord’s Prayer was not taught, and very little time was spent teaching about Jesus, they told Christian Post.
....The assault on our country at our Southern Border, including the Criminal elements and DRUGS pouring in, is far more important to me, as President, than Trade or the USMCA.
Kobili Traore was hit with hate crimes charges.
Archbishop Bernard Hebda of St. Paul, MN, responds to the McCarrick scandal (The Catholic Spirit):
Defense Attorney : Where did it happen?
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
There, we have nothing to forbid,” says Harant.
We perceive that there is a shortage of authority figures.
Given that Kavanaugh has already passed six incredibly intrusive FBI investigations, odds are Ford is lying or suffering from some kind of psychological disorder such as false memory syndrome.
Oh, the irony!
In addition to the political reasons for the delay requests, it appears as if this woman is reluctant to testify under oath, possibly because she doesn’t want to perjure herself.
“Absent a change in government within Iran, America will face a choice between accepting a nuclear-armed Iran or acting to destroy as much of this capability as possible.”
Ruhee Neog, Director, Institute of Peace and Conflict Studies, New Delhi
Cuba has been accused of using a similar device to cause brain trauma in Americans at the embassy in Havana.
McMaster with John Bolton, it was the much-needed correction to the failed incoherent foreign policy of the Obama era.
She was not done there.
I laughingly replied.
He was issued a warrant of removal and was placed in ICE custody pending removal from the United States.
take our poll - story continues below
It seems absurd to argue that she can do nothing but exhort the faithful to pray and do penance while a papal malefactor, treated as if were an absolute dictator, is allowed to continue wreaking havoc upon faith and morals to the detriment of countless souls, without the least impediment, for so long as he shall live.
Story Continued Below
San Antonio police told Fox News on Thursday they had received a complaint and detectives had been assigned to the case.
We support and appreciate your business.”
In the spirit of compromise, he called off the Senate committee vote that had been on the calendar for Thursday and scheduled a hearing for next Monday so that both Christine Ford and Brett Kavanaugh could state their cases.
The Catholic Church as a whole has committed itself to Islamopandering, such that it is largely silent about the Muslim persecution of Christians that has taken place in the Middle East.
Now that federal prosecutors have gotten involved, perhaps it's time to quit talking about it and actually arrest this woman and charge her with crimes against the people of Broward County before more people end up dead in Broward County over their corrupt voting practices.
Since he was arrested in 2010, Assange has not been charged with a single crime.
Those are the facts, and I am in a position to give you a personal assurance of them.
To understand the CAA, one has to consider the political situation in other South Asian countries. There has been persecution of religious minorities for decades in Pakistan, Bangladesh and Afghanistan.
That is the most likely path to a nuclear weapons-free and less dangerous Iran.”
Reprinted with permission from Consortiumnews.com.
Despite the fall of his friend Pineda, Maradiaga continues todefend and protect the homosexual corruption of his own seminary, involving incontrovertible evidence of rampant sodomy among the seminarians he refuses to dismiss, rejecting all the evidence as “gossip.” Concerning Maradiaga, who is also mired in financial corruption for which he offers no credible explanation, Viganò provides this withering assessment of the man and his relation to Bergoglio:
In his meetings, Pompeo conveyed “U.S.
Gevelber continued by commending everyone she said, “worked so hard to ensure all the Get out the Vote were done in Spanish” that their efforts “made a giant difference” in the election “to Googlers and beyond.”
August 18, 2018
We have, actually, many names,” he said.
Thomas Homan, the acting director of ICE, slammed Mayor Schaaf, who on Saturday night released an unprecedented warning that ICE was about to begin arresting people.
See here, here and here.
Nothing is said of increased intensity of devotion to the charism, study of the foundress or returning to sources, still less of strengthening the Carmelites’ traditional independent self-governance or reconsidering the wisdom of “the path taken”.
The goal was to align the Church more with modern world: a world defined, to a considerable extent, by its rejection of the Catholic world that flourished before the Protestant Reformation and French Revolution.
"Instead, move to a location where the sounds are not present."
I document this abundantly in my new book The History of Jihad From Muhammad to ISIS .
Those bishops want the property and they’ll get it.
The aides named are Imran Awan, his wife Hina Alvi, his brothers Abid and Jamal, and his friend Rao Abbas, Pakistani-born aides.
What is the "NorthEast Angle" in  CAA?
That outbreak killed more than 11,300 people out of nearly 29,000 registered cases, according to WHO estimates, although the real figure is thought to be significantly higher.
And Abraham answered and said, Behold now, I have taken upon me to speak unto the Lord, which am but dust and ashes: Peradventure there shall lack five of the fifty righteous: wilt thou destroy all the city for lack of five?
That’s not enough.
“Obstruction of justice is generally committed behind the scenes, so I think both sides are a little overwrought here.”
You can see her photographed at the American Task Force of Palestine gala.
At FrontPage Magazine, where he is editor, he had posted “9 Steps to Successfully Counter Jihad,” which included recommendations such as “Label the enemy and make a threat assessment” and “Stop ‘partnering’ with Muslim Brotherhood front groups.”
And all on the flimsy excuse that the aliens need another bite at the apple, despite the clear fact that the Indonesian government had long ago quashed the ethnic riots directed against the market dominant minority of Chinese and the religious motivated violence against Christians.
Deep State Insurrection Defying POTUS Trump’s Order
Pointing out Trump’s recent attempts at diplomacy with North Korea and Russia, Col. Macgregor weighed in, noting that he thinks Trump will attempt to avoid war with Iran.
McMaster forced out superb K.T.
“People are dying of gun violence in our homes, churches, schools, on street corners and at public gatherings, and it’s important that lawmakers, policy leaders and advocates on all sides seek common ground to address this public health crisis,” said AMA Immediate Past President David O. Barbe, MD, MHA.
As to the substance of Ms. Lynch’s decision to meet with Bill Clinton at all before his wife’s FBI interview, all Mr. Horowitz’s report had to say was that it was “an error in judgment.”
Trump’s Plan for Iran: Put Terrorists in Charge?
They are hardly quiet about it.
take our poll - story continues below
FIVE YEARS AGO, 25-year-old radical libertarian Cody Wilson stood on a remote central Texas gun range and pulled the trigger on the world’s first fully 3-D-printed gun.
Murillo, in the next line, reveals that she thought she was sharing her viewpoints on these matters in a tight circle that would not leak.
BRATISLAVA, Slovakia, February 13, 2018 (LifeSiteNews) – Former Vatican doctrine chief Cardinal Gerhard Ludwig Müller has decried the Church's current adaptation to the modern world and rejected the idea of blessing homosexual couples.
“Prior to that, everyone understood the dangers of playing footsie with the world’s largest state sponsor of terrorism.
And how many other evil pastors is Francis still continuing to prop up in their active destruction of the Church!
Newly adopted policy also means the AMA will:
The system, in other words, is stacked against the patient, in favour of the government that holds all the cards.
Democrats predictably freaked out at the decision to have a woman lead the questioning since their primary objective here is to embarrass and discredit Kavanaugh and other Republicans, not get at the truth.
All were relatively wealthy and had or obtained tourist visas to the United States.
If Kavanaugh isn’t on the bench on October 1, the Supreme Court will be shorthanded as it begins hearing cases in its new term.
©2018 CQ-Roll Call, Inc., All Rights Reserved, Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.
Adding, rather extraordinarily,
With that in mind, one of the most important areas our representatives need to be strong in is on your right to keep and bear arms, protected in the Second Amendment.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
That’s all that matters to them.
Sessions long has been one of Trump’s favorite pinatas, often taking the brunt of the president’s public scorn.
That includes his public and repeated repudiations of Louis Farrakhan’s views over the years.
Down in San Antonio, Texas the dangerous and violent predilections of the left reared its ugly head once again.
Boy, I hope you never get it.
If you need help in contacting law enforcement contact our Victim’s Assistance Coordinator and she will help connect you with the best resources.
(b). All legal proceedings against illegal migrants related to their illegal migration or citizenship will be closed.
“We don’t think the fight is hopeless, on the contrary, we are winning,” Orban said.
You may opt out at anytime.
You may opt out at anytime.
Ah yes, Nation of Islam leader, racist, and totalitarian Louis Farrakhan was recently captured on video in Tehran, Iran chanting “Death to America” in Arabic and stating that America is the “Great Satan.”
And that’s why, before 2019, we here will celebrate in Tehran!”
So what can be done to defend the Church against Bergoglio?
Was that violating, or fulfilling God's principles and purposes?
Now Bishop emeritus Andreas Laun – one of the signatories of the Kazakh “Profession of Truth about Sacramental Marriage” – has written a strong commentary for the Austrian Catholic news website Kath.net on the recent episcopal initiatives coming out of Germany.
take our poll - story continues below
If this were in fact done, even under oath, I decree that such a commitment shall be null and void and that no one shall be bound to observe it; and I hereby impose the penalty of excommunication latae sententiae upon those who violate this prohibition.
— Axios (@axios) September 27, 2018
“I do think he would support anybody doing that stuff, Bill Nelson … But I don’t think he can say it, just cause he’s trying to get the moderates and the gun-toting people in North Florida.”
It turns out that some of the e-mails were accessed by foreign parties.
In April 2014, the Washington Times had a front page report on McCarrick’s trip to the Central African Republic, and on behalf of the State Department no less.
Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Edwin S. Rubenstein (email him) is President of ESR Research Economic Consultants.
In Washington they met Mr. Pompeo, who refused to discuss Assange altogether.
And no call to restore the caliphate would be complete without a swipe at the Jews, whom the Qur’an designates (5:82) the worst enemies of the Muslims.
After taking in over $400,000 from the Obama Pentagon under the auspices of a research contract, Halper befriended and spied on members of the Trump campaign, including aides Carter Page and George Papadopoulos.
An IG presentation from September 2016 shows that Becerra knew of problems months before the server disappeared.
The IG report confirmed that President Obama communicated with Hillary Clinton on her unsecured email system.
Did God tell His Church to submit to that which He condemns?
"The Pentagon and State Department have already condemned Iran and thrown their support behind Israel.
Instead, if they have taken any notice of him at all, which is unlikely, they have dismissed him as an “extremist.”
Only the silence of good people will allow them to win.
Often, by putting illegals into the system, it takes years to deport them, which costs the American people lots of money.
These are the priests who did make it through this institutional gauntlet, who remain faithful now but are still under the control of these often grossly corrupt and evil men.
Ten weeks prior, on Nov. 1, 2016, Alvi sold a house to Jamal for $620,000, netting another significant profit from the mortgage company.
Plenty of people in Google knew what was going on and we haven’t seen any evidence anyone at Google disapproved of it and tried to rein it in.”
No matter your race, creed, ethnicity, sexual identity, and political stance, you are welcomed here!” Rumble said on Facebook that Jimenez worked as a “part-time door guy.” They added, “We do not condone these types of actions or behavior.
I began the conversation, asking the Pope what he intended to say to me with the words he had addressed to me when I greeted him the previous Friday.
“That email was subsequently forwarded by two Google VP’s to more staff members throughout the company,” says Carlson, adding “In her email, Mario touts Google’s multi-faceted efforts to boost Hispanic turnout in the election.
He also stabbed two others.
They also revealed the secret password Julian had given the Guardian in confidence and which was designed to protect a digital file containing the U.S. embassy cables.
McMaster is remaking it to match Jeb Bush’s vision.”
I do not know when Pope Benedict took these measures against McCarrick, whether in 2009 or 2010, because in the meantime I had been transferred to the Governorate of Vatican City State, just as I do not know who was responsible for this incredible delay.
take our poll - story continues below
I don’t know what it will take to set things right.
Most of them intend to take the Pacific coast route to reach the US, which is still about 1,500 miles away.
In this I speak of all sin.
The frontal attacks have been coming not from governments but from journalists.
He denied the allegations categorically.”
The House committees, which conducted a joint probe into decisions made by the DOJ in 2016 and 2017, addressed a range of issues in their memo including Clinton’s email security.
They’ll be putting up barriers and razor wire in preparation for the migrant caravan headed to the US/Mexico border.
They have not won, not yet, and they have not destroyed the man.
There, I said it!
* Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker
The Australian government and prime minister Malcolm Turnbull have an historic opportunity to decide which it will be.
The documents affected involve a FISA warrant against Carter Page and text messages from disgraced ex-FBI employees Peter Strzok and Lisa Page.
Even she admits, they did not have sex, nor was this a hostage situation.
Purge every homosexual from its clerical ranks.
The statement came just a day after Senate Democrats continued their smear of Kavanaugh by declaring they believed Dr. Christine Ford's allegations against him while at the same time obviously not believing his denial of the allegations.
I will be offering a public Mass of reparation on Friday, September 14, the Feast of the Triumph of the Holy Cross, at Holy Name Heights and I ask all pastors to do the same in their own parishes.
Here again, this is just more of the general refusal to acknowledge the 800-pound gorilla sitting in the living room and screaming “Allahu akbar.” Sean Ragan might explain to us that authorities are also trying to determine whether the German invasion of Poland in September 1939 was motivated by Nazism, or by mental health issues among the German High Command.
America is based on Common Law, the Mosaic Institution.
This is fine, good idea.
Harding is also known as plagiarizer.
Videos were captured and Border Patrol agents were on the scene as they were witnessed climbing effortlessly up the wall and standing and sitting atop it.
Encouraging mayors to take executive actions to combat gun violence and illegal use and trafficking of guns; Protecting Young People, including: Opposing proposals to allow teachers and other non-law enforcement, non-security personnel to carry firearms in K-12 schools;
This is a disgrace.
Wills never mentions Qur’an 9:29, which commands Muslims to wage war against Jews and Christians and subjugate them as inferiors under the rule of Sharia.
In the meantime, evidence appears to have been compromised: In December 2016, the CAO notified congressmen that the caucus server had physically disappeared.
“The vaccination campaign begins tomorrow, Monday, in Mbandaka, capital of the province,” Minister of Health Oly Ilunga told The Associated Press as reported by 9 News Australia.
Leaked emails published by WikiLeaks revealed that Hillary Clinton’s foundation – which she shares with her husband – received millions of dollars from Saudi Arabia and Qatar, the main backers of ISIS and terrorism across the Middle East.
You may opt out at anytime.
Rich Penkoski, the father of a Mountain Ridge student, contacted me and explained the situation further.
Eighteen months after the evidence was recounted in the urgent memo, prosecution appears to have stalled for reasons not publicly explained.
The relevant portion of the debate begins about 21 minutes into the video:
Article posted with permission from Ron Paul
The enemy is not only at the gates but has now made their way to the thrones of power and the seats of the Apostles.
In May of this year, Twitter user John Gilmore dug up the six-year-old tweet, forcing Omar to defend herself.
Church officials began bracing for the aftermath of the report.
In 2010, more than 1,100 transcripts from the Vietnam era were released, proving Congress and officials raised serious doubts about the information fed to them by the Pentagon and White House.
Last week’s Economist Magazine won the day with the best-ever headline about the Trump-Kim Jong-un summit: `Kim Jong Won!’
They realize that WikiLeaks has done what they should have done a long time ago, and that is to tell us how governments lie.
It has all the markings of a Gay Pride Rally.
They are wrong biblically, constitutionally, and morally.
Our thanks to Remnant columnist, Hilary White, for addressing the most pertinent of these here below.
Or impeachment, or both.
[…] “The Jews were banished, tortured, and annihilated because of their deeds.
And in a state of emergency, certain norms are naturally suspended.
And we have to start doing something about them.
So, let’s go back to Mr. Gillum’s platform, right?
“[There’s] no practicing writing in Hebrew as compared to the Islamic packet,” he added….
The government must also bring in brave Muslim individuals who genuinely reject Jihad and empower them in propagating their anti-jihadist vision for Islam.
Requiring states to have protocols or processes in place for requiring the removal of firearms by prohibited persons.
Opponents of the CAA and NRC have gone to town accusing the BJP of an ulterior motive (read disenfranchisement of Muslims). By the same token it can be alleged that some parties and radical Muslim elements have a nefarious agenda that would be scuttled by the NRC. It is common knowledge that there has been a dangerous demographic alteration going on in the states of West Bengal and Assam since the 1800s, which has persisted after 1947 in the form of illegal migration from Bangladesh.Even way back in 1991, T V Rajeswar, an ex-IPS officer and IB Chief who served as West Bengal governor warned: “There is a distinct danger of another Muslim country ... emerging in the eastern part … at a time when India might find itself weakened politically and militarily.” So, is the current anti-CAA protest an attempt by radical Muslim elements to safeguard the advantage garnered by illegal migration, a ploy that has the blessings of some political parties?
He was treated very unfairly by our government!"
She also admits ongoing discussions among these people about meeting to give grieving Hillary Clinton supporters hugs after Trump crushed her on election day.
Moreover, the main author of the story, Luke Harding, is known to be a notorious fraud, a russo-phobe intelligence asset with a personal grievance towards Assange and Wikileaks.
“When older generations say you need to stop being so sensitive, it’s like undermining what our generation is trying to do in accepting others and making it safer.”
“Those cases are going to be haunting this papacy and really causing a rift in the major protection of children that Pope Benedict had worked very hard to really build up,” she said.
Governments are nothing more than a handful of people and have no right to aggress against others.
What is the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA)?
They also discussed the Sermon on the Mount, the Last Supper and Jesus’ Betrayal, the Trinity, and the Lord’s Prayer, among other topics,” Branch said.
At no time was Assange offered the right of reply to this shocking interview, which Australia’s publicly-funded state broadcaster had a duty to give him.
Orbán started public life as a crusader against communism and attended Oxford University on a Soros scholarship.
“She’s a wacko lunatic, what are you going to do?” he said just outside the courtroom doors as the judge took a break to deliberate.
This set of criteria is being applied in medical institutions across the western world now, a “new paradigm” of ethics replacing traditional “Hippocratic” or “Natural Law” medical ethics.
Perhaps Arizona will put someone in that actually has a spine rather than living up to Senator Flake's name.
Why are the people responsible for these wars still being listened to, rather than confessing their sins at second-thoughts conferences?
Shop all books by Pat Buchanan
The latest comes from an admitted supporter of communism at Florida State University.
Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court?
At 16:05 utc the Guardian silently edited the story.
When asked for any proof for his assertion Harding defensively says that he is just "storytelling" - in other words: it is fiction.
Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court?
“Federal prosecutors reviewing altered election documents tied to Florida Democrats,” by Matt Dixon, Politico, November 14, 2018:
The letter reportedly was given to Feinstein by Rep. Anna Eshoo, D-Calif., but has not been publicly disclosed by senators who have seen the document.
for that indeed a notable miracle hath been done by them is manifest to all them that dwell in Jerusalem; and we cannot deny it.
“It’s absurd,” Ms. Broaddrick said Wednesday on Fox News.
While Sodom and Gomorrah were guilty of many other horrendous sins, homosexuality was the reason God poured fiery sulfur on the cities, completely destroying them and all of their inhabitants.
That GOP set out to create a new world order where dictatorships were threatened with "regime change," and democratic capitalism was the new order of the ages.
In December 2017:
Given that this was 2009, it is clear that the plans to force all contemplative monasteries in the world into this disastrous European mould were well under way long before Pope Benedict was even considering resigning.
Not all of them.
If we this day be examined of the good deed done to the impotent man, by what means he is made whole;
In a devastating exchange with Horowitz, Gowdy said that “prejudging the outcome of an investigation before it ends, and prejudging the outcome of an investigation before it begins” is the “textbook definition of bias.” Democrats echoed the IG report’s conclusion that there was no bias.
Sodom and Gomorrah serve as a powerful example of how God feels about sin in general, and homosexuality specifically.
Hafiz Kazi was a legal permanent resident and had lived in the United States since 1993, said Sean Ragan, FBI special agent in charge of the Sacramento field office.
Basically this bill is opposed because it does not give citizenship to illegal migrants of muslim community from these 3 countries. Another reason behind its criticism is that it violates the provisions of article 14 of the Indian Constitution.
Article posted with permission from The Washington Standard
For rulers are not a terror to the good work, but to the evil.
Their funds are already interconnected and they have regular meetings with and input from the male branches.
State officials turned over the altered forms to federal investigators.
The new allegations surfaced yesterday as the Senate Judiciary Committee battens down the hatches for a hearing today to receive oral evidence from the first accuser, Christine Blasey Ford, 51, who claims Kavanaugh, 53, tried to rape her decades ago when he was a high school student.
Migrant Caravan Reach Border & Climb Atop Fencing Effortlessly (Video)
This has had a terrible influence upon the Catholic Church, and aids and abets the Western political and media elites in their determination to cover up the Muslim persecution of Christians.
He was processed for immigration violations.
do that which is good, and thou shalt have praise of the same:
Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer
You don't say!
Or just exercising lawful self-governance?
Even funerals of Ebola victims can be a risk, if mourners have direct contact with the body of the deceased.
take our poll - story continues below
No, you can't act like a child and keep your pass.
Should be a ‘Constitutional Hero’
Senator Feinstein had initially resisted sharing the contents of the letter with her fellow Democrat members of the Senate Judiciary Committee or to go public with its existence because “the incident was too distant in the past to merit public discussion” and she had already “taken care of it,” according to a source quoted by The New Yorker.
In 2005-2006, Bolton served as the Bush administration’s ambassador to the UN.
The Jesuit Father Eckhard Bieger writes in the Internet about Catholic blessings:
Many of the headlines crowed: “Vatican confirms nuns’ autonomy,” or similar.
No Justice for Kate Steinle
She also called on foreign governments to harden their financial systems against “deceptive” Iranian transactions that ultimately channel money to terrorists.
In India, all citizens, including the 175 million Muslims (14 percent of India’s total population), enjoy the same rights. The CAA facilitates the claiming of citizenship by illegal non-Muslim immigrants or other persons who are unable to provide proof of residence.
Angola, Zambia, Tanzania, Uganda, South Sudan, Central African Republic, Rwanda, Burundi and the Republic of Congo – which border the DRC – have all been alerted.
Western authorities should be pondering his words, and their implications, very carefully.
Can we think of any other names who were corrected even to this degree?
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
But real journalism should be able to get through the shocking and the surreal and get to the truth.
Patel has previously performed on Late Night with Seth Meyers and opened for comedians such as Chris Rock.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Almost all of us attended all-girls high schools in the area.
“Justice is overdue for Dwight and Steven Hammond, both of whom are entirely deserving of these Grants of Executive Clemency.”
Ms. Ford may believe her story to be true, but the lack of any credible corroborating evidence, her partial memory of details surrounding the alleged incident, and the absence of any pattern of such sexual misconduct by Judge Kavanaugh undercut the reliability of her version of the incident.
The North is developing submarines that can launch nuclear-armed missiles from underwater off America’s coasts.
The Black Robed regiment, were in fact, the preachers that went before the Forefathers in educating the colonies to resistance when it came to the corrupt King on the other side of the pond.
Probably the hardest thing for him to take is the utter hypocrisy of news organizations—like The New York Times, which published the WikiLeaks “War Logs” and “Cablegate,” The Washington Post and The Guardian, which has taken a vindictive delight in tormenting Julian.
Islamic Jihad) and definitively identify what ideology inspires our enemy (i.e.
Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer
There are meetings of the Council with the communities.
The Democrats think that they'll take back the majority of Congress and will thus be able to block Trump's nomination.
They have resorted to peddling an allegation of sexual misconduct against Judge Kavanaugh that supposedly occurred while the judge was in high school.
The Federation considers the assets in its possession as necessary and useful means to achieve its goals.
“Under these circumstances, we did not have confidence that Strzok’s decision to prioritize the Russia investigation over following up on the Midyear-related investigative lead discovered on the Weiner laptop was free from bias,” the report said.
There is usually a six-month period that must lapse before the lawsuit actually is filed.
Known for his manipulative polls and magical modernistic results, Baldisseri infamously stated that “dogma has its own evolution.” Baldisseri stayed true to his modernist form and agenda and to the delight of the New Ways Ministry, he announced at the Vatican press conference that his office is using for the first time ever the LGBT acronym to refer to gay people in a spirit of inclusion.
Raising the youth handgun ban from 18 to 21 years of age;
Any abandonment of the regime must be viewed as ecclesiastical treason—“Catholic Jacobinism”—if not criminal activity.
Regional sources who have spoken to SSG “tell us that Iranian social media is more outraged about internal oppression, such as the recent restrictions on Telegram, than about supporting or opposing the nuclear program.
Election Day is November 6.
But instead it seems to have whetted his appetite for making them.
In the tragic comedy of denial that every Islamic terrorism investigation inevitably becomes, the authorities are still hunting around for his motiv Yonathan Halimi, Sarah Lucy’s son, describes the killer’s family as being known for its anti-Semitism.
Ford did well enough that during the break between her testimony and Kavanaugh’s, commentators on Fox News such as Brit Hume and Andrew Napolitano were openly musing about the nominee withdrawing, opinions that were sharply reversed after the nominee completed his testimony hours later.
What would victory look like?
Or was the US military rattling its sabers and trying to protect its huge investments in North Asia?
Archbishop Viganò Speaks, the Neo-Catholics Panic
The Pope, he argues, is not “the CEO of the Catholic Church world, and the bishops as its managers whom the Pope can simply fire.” No, Bergoglio cannot “simply fire” bishops.
Given the totality of the evidence, I believe it is more likely than not that Bill Clinton committed rape and sexual harassment.
The report says “he had been intimidating people.” How?
At this moment, the entire Novus Ordo regime of novelty is threatened with collapse on account of its homosexual corruption, and voices throughout the Catholic world are now echoing Archbishop Viganò’s call for Bergoglio’s resignation, including Laura Ingraham: “Too little, too late from Pope Francis in Ireland.
Illegal Alien Wife Beaters Protected by Sanctuary City Mayor Busted
“I did not do this back in high school or at any time.”
"WHO will work closely with health authorities and partners to support the national response," Moeti added.
It’s starting to be clear that the federation is going to be little more than the Big Brother hit-squad of the Congregation for Religious.
First of all, as I predicted 16 years ago, because the Vatican under John Paul II had no intention of enforcing the pre-conciliar ban on admission of homosexuals to the seminary “a new bumper crop of homosexual ordinands is guaranteed—and with it a new harvest of scandal for the Church.” That prediction came immediately after the “pedophile summit” of 2002 in Rome, which I attended as The Remnant’s correspondent.
Those who attempt to explain away the biblical condemnations of homosexuality claim that the sin of Sodom and Gomorrah was inhospitality.
Irish member Marie Collins, another victim, resigned in March last year and said Vatican bureaucrats had refused to comply with the commission’s request — approved by the pope — to respond to all letters sent to the Vatican by abuse victims.
Here too Viganò’s testimony sheds light on the darkness:
Except when she's fighting for their rapists instead.
* Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker
In the days after that first test-firing, his gun was downloaded more than 100,000 times.
One – the easiest one maybe – chop their head off, that’s the easiest.
“There is a viable opposition to the rule of the ayatollahs, and that opposition is centered in this room today.
Ottaviani’s Holy Office and schema were the last gasp of the old Church – and as de Lubac said above, it was killed by Joseph Ratzinger.
Earlier in the day, a police spokesperson said the department hadn't received a report.
Of course, many parents choose homeschooling as a means of protecting their children from federal education “reforms” such as Common Core.
* Yes, military force should be used.
Meanwhile, Google has yet to answer why their search results for the word “Idiot” are vastly different from DuckDuckGo:
A report from RT tells the tale:
The Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2019 has been passed by the Lok Sabha on 9th December 2019.  This bill is signed by the President on 12 December 2019 that is why it has become as act now. Let us know in this article; what is this act, what are its features and Why is it opposed by some political parties?
take our poll - story continues below Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court?
“Why on earth would the Trump administration make it easier for terrorists and gunmen to produce undetectable plastic guns?” asked Sen. Robert Menendez (D-N.J.).
As Robert Spencer counsels, this has to involve introducing programs that teach against jihadists’ understanding of Islam — and these programs have to be regularly monitored by the government.
That the mode of papal election by cardinals has persisted for nearly a thousand years has led to the general impression that it pertains to the irreformable divine constitution of the Church, but it certainly does not.
“50 years ago there was stability.
In the letter, Father Ramsey, who had been a professor at the diocesan seminary in Newark from the end of the ’80s until 1996, affirms that there was a recurring rumor in the seminary that the Archbishop “shared his bed with seminarians,” inviting five at a time to spend the weekend with him at his beach house.
take our poll - story continues below
For decades, and based on U.S. intelligence, the United States government has blamed the MEK for killing three U.S. Army colonels and three U.S. contractors, bombing the facilities of numerous U.S. companies and killing innocent Iranians.
“Dem Candidate Ilhan Omar Defending Tweet On ‘The Evil Doings Of Israel,’” by Frank Camp, Daily Wire, October 28, 2018:
Nor does the UK admit only preachers of jihad terror.
If you read the preceding verse, you will see that Scripture tells us “they that forsake the law praise the wicked.”
An experimental vaccine is one that has never been tried on humans before.
It’s respecting the diversity that we have in our society,” she said.
At the same time, there is more and more discussion about society’s responsibility for having produced criminals in the first place, together with our moral obligation to rehabilitate them rather than to wreak what is now considered a form of fruitless, guilty “vengeance” on them.
Is the Church to transgress His Laws, or to magnify and enforce His Laws unto judgment?
“Who discerns the existence or not of vital autonomy; is it the community or chosen people?
In the next paragraph, Murillo again openly admits she was not “objective” when it came to the election.
But the odds of getting details that precise are long indeed, and there is always a chance that a motivated classmate might lie — for either person….
Whatever corroboration Ms. Ford was hoping for from “witnesses” she claimed were at the alleged party is non-existent.
Shortly after the nuclear deal was sealed in July 2015, then-Treasury Secretary Jack Lew testified that even with the sanctions relief, Iran “will continue to be denied access to the world’s largest financial and commercial market.” A month later, one of Lew’s top deputies, Adam Szubin, testified that despite the nuclear deal “Iran will be denied access to the world’s most important market and unable to deal in the world’s most important currency.”
On December 25, 2019, ANI posted an article on their website. According to the report, pro-CAA demonstrations were held in various cities of the US including Austin, Raleigh, and Seattle.
They will be able to know whether or not President Obama was briefed on this and according to a number of people that I have spoken with as well, he was.
That's what Columbia snowflakes thought was offensive.
But it is these signs of refusal of the programme that have infuriated the despots of the New Paradigm who would not rest until every last individual house of religious life was co-opted, subverted to the new ideology.
Finally, a brief word about the strong language and vicious comments about the president.
Second, the interloper Sylvester III, installed in the Chair of Peter after Benedict had been driven from Rome.
More than anything else, we as a Church must cease our acceptance of sin and evil.
The Lord has, in fact, commanded nowhere in Scripture for the Church to submit to the wicked.
I believe that Archbishop Viganò’s precious testimony is a sign that Heaven itself is now responding to the “need for justice” in the Church.
How true Scripture is when it declares:
Then when administrators are confronted, they claim it was all just an educational exercise, not proselytizing.
KALAMAZOO, Mich. – U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Enforcement and Removal Operations (ERO) deportation officers arrested 16 individuals for violating federal immigration laws in western Michigan during a four-day targeted enforcement operation that ended Thursday.
Now that Christine Blasey Ford has finally agreed to testify this Thursday at an open hearing of the Senate Judiciary Committee regarding her charge that Judge Kavanaugh sexually assaulted her at a long-ago high school party, these new charges have suddenly emerged from left field.
In Africa where most outbreaks happen, particular species of fruit bats are considered natural hosts for the Ebola virus.
Laws are for conservatives.
In those capacities he had access to documents and witnesses that corroborate his own firsthand testimony.
And since Trump’s Stalinist statements, there are at least 24 additional states that are currently considering passing “red flag” laws.
When referring to something larger, they use kiloparsecs, which are equal to 1,000 parsecs, and megaparsecs, equal to one million parsecs.
There is, therefore, no reasonable and plausible cause to doubt the truth content of the document of Archbishop Carlo Maria Viganò.”
Yore said that not only is it now known that the Pope received a letter from one of the victims, but it is also now known that he was “told from the moment he appointed Bishop Barros in 2015 that this was a bad decision.”
Other theories behind the health issues in Cuba include the use of electromagnetic weapons, which can target highly-focused energy at potential victims.
This is worse than Clarence Thomas.
A third person that Ramirez claimed was at the party says she was not there for the alleged incident.
All Democrats fault for weak laws!
Ravi Nair: Article 15 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR) which India endorses states in Article 15 (1), "Everyone has the right to Nationality." The Supreme Court of India has also endorsed this view in its 2015 judgement on the Chakmas and Hajongs in Arunachal Pradesh. Unfortunately, India has not signed the UN Stateless Persons Conventions of both 1954 and 1961. India is in immediate need of a cogent national legal policy conforming to international legal standards on statelessness. Specific provisions of Indian laws and their implementation violate core provisions of international law, leading to a high prevalence of arbitrary deprivation of liberty through detention. The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR), ratified by India on 10 April 1979, and the International Convention on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination (ICERD), ratified on 3 December 1968. This will be taken up by the relevant UN Treaty Bodies when India's periodic reports are taken up for hearing. Not only is the present policy of detention inhumane but it is violative of International law that India is a party to.
The migrants hope to reach Mexico and then cross its northern border with the United States, to seek refuge from endemic violence and poverty in Central America.
Elizabeth Yore is an attorney who has investigated clerical sex abuse cases.
It did not refer to the logs in its latest story.
Molester McCarrick: I was surprised and said, What about Bergoglio?
If you insist on having people with degrees, maybe a degree in agriculture would be a good fit for a big monastic foundation with a lot of land like, say, Clear Creek or that new Carmelite place in Nebraska.
On December 28, 2019, ANIreported that people gathered outside the Indian Embassy in Tokyo, Japan to spread awareness on the CAA, National Register of Citizens (NRC) and National Population Register (NPR).
This is the Cardinal Braz de’Aviz[2] who wasted no time in orienting himself in the New Paradigm when, close on the heels of the Conclave he slammed the attempt by his predecessor – and by extension Pope Benedict – to reign in the notorious Leadership Conference of Women Religious in the US.
A much ballyhooed flight to Singapore, backslapping a delighted Kim, and a love-fest between the two chunky leaders was sold to Americans as the dawn of peace.
Wouldn’t he have eased sanctions?
Instead, Wilson has spent the last years on an unlikely project for an anarchist: Not simply defying or skirting the law but taking it to court and changing it.
Last week, the Florida Department of State asked federal prosecutors to look into alterations made on official election documents from the 2018 midterms.
“What we found in the Gillum campaign was just what we found in Missouri, Tennessee and Arizona, a candidate lying to the voters he needs to win the election,” said Project Veritas Action President James O’Keefe.
In the meantime, Judge Kavanaugh’s adversaries in the Senate, the mainstream media and progressive circles continue to bludgeon Judge Kavanaugh in the court of public opinion.
In Asia, preserving ‘face’ is essential.
[1] It would seem, therefore, that a useful task for someone writing about what this pope intends for nuns would be to read Sponsa Christi Ecclesia as well as Francis’ Apostolic Constitution and make a careful comparison.
Or what of Gideon who was to deliver the Children of Israel from the Midianites?
O death, where is thy sting?.
Nothing done in Helsinki made life easier for the Putin regime in its continued economic decay and diplomatic isolation due to the sanctions regime.
And whoso falleth not down and worshippeth shall the same hour be cast into the midst of a burning fiery furnace.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer
Two more women accusing Judge Brett Kavanaugh of dubious improprieties materialized out of thin air late Sunday, throwing Senate Republicans’ hope of finally confirming the Supreme Court nominee this week even more into doubt.
In some cases, blue-collar pay growth now exceeds 4%…” Blue-collar wages are surging.
WHO Prepares For “Worst Case” As Congo Ebola Outbreak Spreads
Those who led the protest were all acquitted of all charges and reporter Pete Santilli had all of his charges dismissed.
PEOPLE WHO are barred from purchasing firearms or want to own a gun that is illegal in the jurisdiction where they live may soon have an easy way to get around the law.
This is the point about the McCarrick scandal that even religious commentators tend to overlook.
And there were certainly hints that a general re-organisation of structures of authority was in the works.
The NOAA Space Weather Prediction Center forecasts an aurora could light up the sky above areas in the United State including Michigan and Maine.
They sacrificed themselves to establish the freedoms in which he enjoys today.
On Monday afternoon, Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen tweeted out photos of CBP officers in riot gear as well as the barbed wire and barriers citing the reports about plans to “rush” the border.
And it came to pass on the morrow, that their rulers, and elders, and scribes, and Annas the high priest, and Caiaphas, and John, and Alexander, and as many as were of the kindred of the high priest, were gathered together at Jerusalem.
That is what we need to find out.
The heavy downloading in Spain, Brazil and Germany likely reflected attempts to evade extremely restrictive handgun regulations in those countries.
From the Vatican on down, through deliberate decisions and criminal neglect, the servitors of Vatican II have laid waste to the liturgy, the perennial clarity of Catholic teaching, the Church’s militant opposition to worldly thinking, the traditional formation in seminaries, the religious orders, the missions, the trust of the faithful in their own priests—in short, the very life of the Church—and dare to call it a renewal.
To underscore the intended effect of the Guardian’s new claims, Harding even throws in a casual and unsubstantiated reference to “Russians” joining Manafort in supposedly meeting Assange.
If you are an adult victim of sexual abuse from childhood, we still encourage you to reach out to law enforcement first, but even if you don’t want to, please still reach out to us.
Addressing his country and the world, Prime Minister Viktor Orbán warned that European nations which have encouraged migration have, “opened the way to the decline of Christian culture and the advance of Islam.”
First, he suggested it was simply evidence of the Guardian’s long-standing (and well-documented) hostility towards Assange.
This first appeared in The Remnant nearly 20 years ago.
In the discussion following his talk, Cardinal Müller also responded to questions concerning Pope Francis' post-synodal exhortation, Amoris Laetitia.
Those are illegal, improper goals, trying to influence the Election.
But Dershowitz also cast doubt on whether Trump’s tweets can be seen as an act of obstruction.
“I think that was what they wanted to write.
She said Kavanaugh and Judge engaged in "abusive and physically aggressive behavior toward girls," which "included the fondling and groping of girls without their consent" and "not taking 'No' for an answer."
Orban has seen the influence of George Soros and his organizations in Hungary and has openly criticized it and Soros, calling Soros a "public enemy."
“This is an attempt to obstruct justice hiding in plain sight.
Obama tried to say he had been in that church for years and never heard such things, which isn't true.
By the end of the year, he had added a total of 38 objects.
It has shown the world what Traditionalists have known, that it is emphatically NOT the result of one “bad apple” or even only a “few” as the hapless “conservative” Bishop Tobin tried to claim on Twitter.
Francis and Clare, Sts.
TALLAHASSEE — The Florida Department of State last week asked federal prosecutors to investigate dates that were changed on official state election documents, the first voting “irregularities” it has flagged in the wake of the 2018 elections.
In 1013, Berbers from North Africa entered Spain and took Córdoba in 1013, they began massacring Jews, and initiated a wholesale slaughter of Jews in Granada.
Why not Monday?
Where is that authorized in our Constitution?
!” he wrote on Twitter.
Hadeed did not introduce any evidence to the judge about a pattern of possible fraud by Abid, the timing of the move as it relates to the federal criminal case, or the mental capacity of the dying man to understand paperwork.
Hold the vote no later than Thursday, or Friday if Ford does show up.
Kath.net subsequently contacted both Dioceses and requested information about these two priests.
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Charles Grassley (R-I) has bent over backwards to accommodate Ms. Ford’s preferred scheduling for her appearance.
They may have believed that they were supplying the correct information, but they still should not have altered official documents without verifying that they were right, which they weren’t.
Date when erected: 1993
And it is precisely this “intense and fruitful path” taken by nearly all the Catholic world’s monastics since 1965 that Cor orans is attempting to force on the very, very few holdouts.
Another Ramadan is upon us, and the jihad death toll so far stands at 218 Infidels, murdered in 53 jihad attacks.
Everyone was furthermore responsible for the atonement due to God for a crime whose evil consequences would otherwise have affected them all: “The hands of the witnesses shall be first upon him to kill him, and afterwards the hands of the rest of the people; that thou mayest take away the evil out of the midst of thee” (Deut.
The idea to bless sinful conduct is really what Isaiah described quite vividly, as follows: “Woe to you that call evil good, and good evil: that put darkness for light, and light for darkness: that put bitter for sweet, and sweet for bitter.” [Isaiah 5:20]
HANNITY: Now let me go to Victoria.
Florida School Massacre Proves Police Are Worthless In Protecting Us
“To my Republican colleagues, if you vote no, you're legitimizing the most despicable thing I have seen in my time in politics.
More than 100 Russian individuals and companies have been sanctioned for a variety of reasons.
That's how bad Obama was on Iran.
Furthermore, the individual that wrote the article teaching people to submit to authorities might want to take the time to read Romans 12:21 before perverting and twisting Romans 13, so that the next time he will not be guilty of twisting Scripture the way that Satan twists Scripture.
Indeed, by his action he has divided them, led them into error, and encouraged the wolves to continue to tear apart the sheep of Christ’s flock.
In no uncertain terms, this letter, bearing Benedict's signature, affirms that “there is an internal continuity between the two pontificates.” Whether Benedict actually wrote this letter or not, it gives rise to a number of grave questions that need to be answered rather urgently before history closes the book on this commedia diabolica.
One might expect that after the Incarnation, when God became man and replaced the Old Testament’s law of talion based on strict justice with a new dispensation based on love and grace, the death penalty could be safely abolished as outmoded.
If due diligence had been performed, and reporters had raised appropriate doubts about the Gulf of Tonkin false flag, it’s arguable whether support for the contentious war would have lasted as long as it did.
Libya’s then ruler, Muammar Kadaffi, bought some nuclear equipment from Pakistan so he could hand it over to the US as a gesture of cooperation after the Bush administration invaded Iraq.
“While in China, if you experience any unusual acute auditory or sensory phenomena accompanied by unusual sounds or piercing noises, do not attempt to locate their source.
So it looks like @Google executives have been caught red-handed trying to throw the election to Hillary Clinton in 2016.
Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back?
It promises to change the export control rules surrounding any firearm below .50 caliber—with a few exceptions like fully automatic weapons and rare gun designs that use caseless ammunition—and move their regulation to the Commerce Department, which won’t try to police technical data about the guns posted on the public internet.
The establishment media will celebrate these victories as triumphs of America’s “diversity”; unfortunately, in reality neither one is worth celebrating.
Here now, I offer a few thoughts to those of my diocese:
“I thought he might inadvertently kill me,” said Ford, now a 51-year-old research psychologist in northern California.
Here are the three lanes that were shut down at the San Ysidro port of entry in TJ today in anticipation of the caravan.
And pray for yourselves and your families.
But finally I learned with certainty, through Cardinal Giovanni Battista Re, then-Prefect of the Congregation for Bishops, that Richard Sipe’s courageous and meritorious Statement had had the desired result.
The federal priority is the formation.
take our poll - story continues below
Did Oakland Mayor Tip Off La Raza to ICE Raid?
And Trump is still keeping promises, and getting things done.
I urge my Christian friends (and anyone else) to read the book my constitutional attorney son and I wrote entitled “To Keep or Not To Keep: Why Christians Should Not Give Up Their Guns.”
The CAA welcomes Hindus, Sikhs, Christians, Parsis, Buddhists and Jains who arrived in India before 31 December 2014 to escape religious persecution as minorities in neighbouring Pakistan, Afghanistan and Bangladesh. All three happen to be Islamic states. The CAA, however, does not include Muslim minorities like the Rohingyas of Myanmar (with whom we share a border).
That led to Mueller’s appointment as an outside investigator, not loyal to Trump
There are more cases out there just like Barros that have been covered up, Yore told Arroyo, maybe even some even worse than the Barros case.
* Yes, he will be confirmed.
Of course, this means it is the affiliating monastery’s formation team that would make the determination to dismiss recalcitrant, “neo-pelagian” postulants and novices.
Every visit is logged.
[Investigators] also discovered that the server in question [the replacement server] was still operating under the employee’s control, contrary to the explicit instructions of the former chairman to turn over all equipment and fully cooperate with the inquiry and investigation.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
She also used the term “silent donation” to describe Google’s contribution to the effort to elect Clinton president.
· A 46-year-old male national of the Democratic Republic of the Congo with convictions for aggravated assault, resisting arrest, and other charges.
The criticisms of Comey's undisciplined behavior was all well and good, but it was reasonable to expect something more than the equivalent of a departmental employee review after nearly a year and a half of investigation.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
“We’re seeking to cast a light on this to show that there’s a two-tier justice system and we want it to be corrected.”
Is it any wonder that so many Catholics have become disaffected?
How do we know this?
The stories being brought into light and displayed in gruesome detail with regard to some priests, religious, and now even those in places of highest leadership, are sickening.
Francis is abdicating the mandate which Christ gave to Peter to confirm the brethren.
take our poll - story continues below
Quite the contrary, I would expect the neo-Catholic commentariat either to ignore Viganò’s witness, explain away his revelations or, failing that, make every effort to smear the man.
https://t.co/zHBz4gKpkf — Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) July 5, 2018
If this had been such a pivotal moment for her, how could she have forgotten any those facts?
And some say this show could be quite spectacular.
A 15-member Saudi military team had entered the consulate with a bone saw shortly before Khashoggi arrived, and flew out of the country soon after, the reports said.
Some sisters are in care-homes run by Franciscans.
Original jurisdiction of the Supreme Court Subject to the provisions of this Constitution, the Supreme Court shall, to the exclusion of any other court, have original jurisdiction in any dispute
So, what do we do about that?” –Don Lemon
They taught a little bit about Moses and the Ten Commandments, Peter and Paul,” Brielle explained.
The problem with this latest fabrication is that [Ecuador’s President] Moreno had already released the visitor logs to the Mueller inquiry.
The president said: “It should have been obvious – I thought it would be obvious – but I would like to clarify, just in case it wasn’t.
Why not open up to Iran with massive amounts of trade and other contacts?
It could be comatose.
JP:That’s the ultimate collusion.
India has always welcomed the refugees from all over with open arms and provided them with a conducive atmosphere to lead their lives with dignity here. Be it Mahatma Gandhi or Sitaramayya, J. B. Kripalani or Abul Kalam Azad, Syama Prasad Mookerjee or Tridev Kumar Choudhary, everybody has been concerned for the refugees thinking they should all get a shelter to live with respect and dignity. The entire world knows that India has always taken important decisions for the sake of humanity in keeping with its commitment to universal welfare. When the exploited minorities from other nations will get an opportunity to lead a dignified life in India, thanks to the initiatives of Modi government, the country’s prestige, honour and glory will definitely enhance in the world.
“In the last couple of months, our numbers have doubled.
During targeted enforcement operations, ICE officers frequently encounter other aliens illegally present in the United States.
There was ample time to have addressed this in July or August, but Dianne Feinstein chose to sit on it until the moment it could inflict maximum political damage.
Donald Trump has ratcheted up his pressure on Attorney General Jeff Sessions, saying in a tweet that the Attorney General of the United States should step in and put an end to Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s long-running Russia probe
The Washington Post explains:
take our poll - story continues below
Gohmert said the FBI has refused to accept evidence demonstrating alleged House misconduct, and some witnesses with first-hand knowledge say the bureau has not interviewed them.
Our petition will remain at the top of our site from now until October, or until the Synod is canceled.
Like other Democrats, Sen. Mazie Hirono of Hawaii tried to help Ford, lobbing her softballs.
Already a subscriber?
He himself said: “No one defends Islam like Arab Christians.” It is to defend Islam that Western clerics do not raise their voice against such acts of brutality.
Failure to do so will lead to dismissal from diocesan sponsorship;
James Martin, S.J.
Nah, I don’t have no problems with Farrakhan, I don’t spend a whole lot of my time dealing with those kind of things,” Davis said.
They were bused, flown, and met at the US border with Mexico by the Department of Homeland Security under the direction of Obama to do so.
Awan, three relatives and a friend ran IT for one in five House Democrats and could read all their emails and files until they were banned on Feb. 2, 2017, for “numerous violations of House security policies.” The violations alleged by the House Office of Inspector General include logging into the House Democratic Caucus server thousands of times without authorization.
It's because we are too busy trying to police the world, keeping the spotlight off of those in our government who are attacking our rights and spending us into more and more debt.
One video, according to the complaint, describes “Christians and Jews as ‘infidels’ and prais[es] Muhammad in gruesome detail for slaughtering them.” Parent Libby Hilsenrath characterized the accompanying assignment as “replete with biased, chastising statements encouraging the students…to follow the Quran and become Muslim.” Another video, according to Hilsenrath, depicts a Muslim boy teaching his non-Muslim friend about Islam, after which both go to “learn how to pray.”
For me, U.S. aid should be leverage.
Now it’s Trump’s turn.
Economists are increasingly befuddled at what awaits the once-great U.S. economy.
And of course we are talking about the priorities of a pope who has said that seeing a “restorationist” community enjoying a large number of vocations makes him “worry.” Apparently this worry was serious enough to move him to torpedo one of the most flourishing communities in the modern Church; the gaunt spectre of the Franciscan Friars and Sisters of the Immaculate haunts this document.
After three years of systematic dismantling of everything he had attempted to do in his pontificate, we got this from an apparently utterly insouciant Ratzinger, addressed to Francis: “Your goodness is my home and the place where I feel safe.” Everyone who had ever read anything he had written were amazed he was capable of producing such maudlin drivel, but the video doesn’t lie:
The latest incident occurred in conjunction with President Trump’s recent visit with Kim Jong-Un.
When they refused to submit to the tyrant, the furnace was heated up 7 times hotter so that the guards were consumed, only to have the fourth man, “like the Son of man,” show up to deliver them where the fire had no power over them, and not a hair of their heads was singed.
Not only did Trump threaten to send the military to the border, but he also threatened to stop all federal payments to Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador if they didn't block the caravan.
At this point, although the murder rate has continued to rise dramatically, executions continue to be rare.
“This is a clear violation of the Senate Ethics rules which safeguard against the appearance or actuality of elected officials ‘cashing in’ on their official position for political purposes,” said Kendra Arnold, executive director of FACT.
Just to illustrate the absurdity of Don Lemon’s comments, I thought it would be fun to go look at the current list of the FBI’s most wanted terrorists.
Ghost guns are already a problem; they are used not just by lone shooters but as part of criminal enterprises.
No, he will not be confirmed.
It was therefore clear that the words of reproach that Pope Francis had addressed to me on June 21, 2013 had been put into his mouth the day before by Cardinal McCarrick.
Bergoglio declined to incriminate himself:
Can such essential autonomy continue as it is?
Midweek, Erdogan exploded: "(The Americans) tell us, 'Don't come to Manbij.'
The new papal commission will meanwhile hold its first meeting in April.
Nation of Islam leader and prominent antisemite Louis Farrakhan chanted “Death to America” and claimed that “America has never been a democracy” on Sunday during a solidarity trip to Iran, ahead of the re-implementation of US sanctions on the country this week.
“The Democratic Party is a much more diverse political party, attracting people who are African-American, Latino, LGBT, whatever the reason why people feel more comfortable where they are taken in, where they are included as part of a political movement or party” she added.
Both were already facing heavy pressure from abortion rights groups concerned that Kavanaugh, a staunch conservative and longtime GOP attorney, might vote to restrict access to abortion.
!” Page texted Strzok.
What this signals is that, though ISIS has been all but evicted from Syria, the U.S. intends to retain that fourth of Syria as a bargaining chip in negotiations.
Abid: I’m not very smart, so it takes a while sometimes…
Intelligence agencies have already reportedly begun working to carry out the president’s orders and the first set of documents could be made public in a few days.
But, she said, “a bigger problem is the fact they actually changed one of the DOE forms.”…
And that is what Saucier is so burnt about, with good reason.
You may opt out at anytime.
When Trump promised to add “mental health” regulations to gun purchases and ownership, he opened Pandora’s Box.
After flying home from Helsinki and reviewing the tape and transcript of his press conference with Putin, President Trump said he has “full faith and support for America’s great intelligence agencies” and that he accepts “our intelligence community’s conclusion that Russia’s meddling in the 2016 election took place.”
Meanwhile, the New Yorker magazine reported Sunday that Deborah Ramirez, 53, suddenly claims to have been assaulted by Kavanaugh at a drunken party decades ago at Yale College.
On orders of the Vatican Secretary of State, the Vatican secret police are reportedly scouring the globe in search of Viganò, who has gone into hiding, “in order to prevent more unpredictable damage to the image of Pope Francis and the Holy See on the world stage, but also to ‘prepare the terrain’ for the former apostolic nuncio-turned-whistleblower to be prosecuted” under canon law.
These 6 communities include; Hindu, Buddhist, Sikh, Christian, Jain, and Parsi.
I am reminded of what the curators of the Hermitage Museum in St. Petersburg did in the face of the advancing German army.
A hat signed by @realDonaldTrump.
The North Koreans, who are very eccentric but not stupid, rushed to accelerate their nuclear weapons and delivery systems.
I’m only 42 years old but my teachers were of that generation that marched with Martin Luther King.
“The people who knew me then know that this did not happen, and have said so.
Snipes allowed illegal aliens, non-citizens and felons to vote.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
So the 1.342 million net rise in foreign-born population, May 2017 to May 2018, implies that nearly 2 million foreign-born individuals may have actually settled in the country over those 12 months.
Article 39 tells us some criteria for making foundations that “must be considered in their entirety and from an overall perspective.”
Pamela Geller and I are banned from entering the country for the crime of telling the truth about Islam and jihad.
WATCH: Angry leftist pours her beverage on FSU Republicans and says they are “normalizing and enabling Nazis” by supporting Rick Scott and Ron DeSantis.
Hitler did not annihilate the Jews only.
Clinton was fully aware of what she was doing when she set up the private server arrangement in the first place and knowingly used it to send and receive e-mails involving official government business, which by their very nature would be expected to include classified information.
They will be outside the church.
* Yes, he will be confirmed.
His nomination to Washington was opposed by then-Prefect of the Congregation for Bishops, Cardinal Giovanni Battista Re.
According to the Post, “The notes say four boys were involved, a discrepancy that Ford says was an error on the therapist’s part.
[But] because the rial is pegged to the U.S. dollar, the most efficient conversion was with an intermediary step through a U.S. bank using U.S. dollars.”
‘I would have quickly picked someone else.
The Crown Prosecution Service kept this case going when otherwise the European warrant put out by the Swedes would have been abandoned in 2013.
take our poll - story continues below
At least in CA/NY though, you can rest assured that the Latinos of these blue states need your thoughts and prayers, at least for them and their families.”
I implore everyone, especially Bishops, to speak up in order to defeat this conspiracy of silence that is so widespread, and to report the cases of abuse they know about to the media and civil authorities.
Adrian Young, who works for the Florida Democratic Party also elaborates on Gillum’s gun control views in the report:
It’s got to be either one of the stupidest acts that I can recall or a very wicked plan by Washington neocons to sabotage Korean peace talks.
A new Senate report reveals that Barack Obama secretly paved the way for Iran to tap into U.S. banks to convert cash it received from sanctions’ relief to dollars — despite the face the White House assured lawmakers it would do no such thing.
Despite the Obama administration’s efforts, Iran was ultimately forced to convert its Bank Muscat assets to euros in small increments using European banks and without accessing the U.S. financial system, the Senate investigators said.
Depending on the strain of the Ebola virus, it can kill up to 90% of victims.
In truth, there is no public evidence that the emails were hacked, or that Russia was involved.
Since the virus is spread through direct contact, an isn’t airborne, it isn’t nearly as deadly as it could be.
Only left-wingers and feminists like Maureen Dowd still believe Hill, now an utterly undistinguished politically correct scholar who discredited herself by –among other things— following her then-boss Thomas as his subordinate when he switched jobs.
NewsFaith, Politics - World
With the Cold War over for a quarter of a century, what is the case now for America, $20 trillion in debt, going abroad in search of monsters to destroy?
But really it comes down to the British government.
Israel has some of the most wickedly experimental munitions in the world and they fired them at people who were protesting the occupation of their homeland and trying to remind people of the Nakba and the right of return.
take our poll - story continues below Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back?
“Imagine the ones that we don’t.” Meanwhile, Gillum along with Florida Democratic Sen. Bill Nelson continue to call for all the votes to be counted in heavily Democratic Broward and Palm Beach counties, despite election officials in both missing state mandated deadlines in providing vote tallies.
"The V4 is firm, Croatia has come around, Austria has turned in the patriotic direction, and in Bavaria the CSU has created a resistance."
We don’t believe this was really his true character.”
The police harassed the 19 would-be victims, including the five elderly brothers and even their lawyer, and charged them with “frivolous” cases, apparently to get them to stop trying to get the money they say they were owed, the paper said.
The U.S. government has long accused Iran of playing a role in the attacks and even fined the Islamic Republic billions as a result.
“I have some pretty severe things we’re thinking about,” Trump said of North Korea at a news conference in Warsaw.
Why was Cardinal Mahony allowed to retire in good standing?
After 2011, the territory adopted a uniform building code that required structures to be built to withstand winds of up to 140 miles per hour.
The initial appearance was so bad that I tweeted: “President Trump must clarify his statements in Helsinki on our intelligence system and Putin.
"I have a sense that things are moving forward and I have faith in our president,” Susie Hammond, the wife and mother of the imprisoned ranchers, told The Oregonian last month.
It is welcome that finally there has been a little pushback, including from leading journalists, to the Guardian’s long-running vilification of Julian Assange, the founder of Wikileaks.
It is important for people to know the Scriptures (History), lest you find yourselves to be fighting against God (Acts 5:39).
NBC News reported that many of those in the caravan are unaccompanied children.
take our poll - story continues below
Glenn Greenwald, who once had an influential column in the Guardian until an apparent, though unacknowledged, falling out with his employer over the Edward Snowden revelations, wrote a series of baffling observations about the Guardian’s latest story.
I wish Orban and those who support him success!
Look at the Islamic packet again.
She has told her class that if they had questions about religious beliefs, that those conversations should take place with their parents,” Branch added.
Today I received an email from a monastery of cloistered Carmelite nuns about the new document from the Vatican’s Congregation for Religious.
We’ll see soon enough if Goldstein’s prediction comes true.
There are reports that they plan to “rush” the border knowing that some will be caught, but the larger their numbers the more will have a chance to get through.
The government has clear diplomatic and moral obligations to protect Australian citizens abroad from gross injustice: in Julian’s case, from a gross miscarriage of justice and the extreme danger that await him should he walk out of the Ecuadorean embassy in London unprotected.
After the Trumpian revolt, there is no going back.
But since the date of the death (or abdication, as it was the case in 2013) of the pope is decisive, he was still able to attend and vote in that election.
My prediction is that President Trump will remain tough on Russia, and the Helsinki press conference will be seen as the aberration it was.
* John Bolton Richard Grenell Dina Powell Heather Nauert Ivanka Trump
"This country is being ripped apart here, and we've got to make sure we do due diligence," Flake said.
What we have seen this week is making it clear that we can simply no longer sit back and “beg” bishops to maintain and defend the Faith.
In briefest and simplest possible terms, immoral or even illegal sexual activity is preferred because it leaves a man open to blackmail, to control through fear of exposure[2].
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
If you don’t recognize the reality, nature, and magnitude of the jihad threat, you may well end up abetting the jihad.
Last week, Bolton went onto US TV and actually suggested North Korea might follow the course set by Libya, of all places.
But it gets worse.
Julian Assange called it "a hack job in the purest sense of the term".
This is an important victory for First Amendment rights."
And Wall Street is plainly beginning to panic.
We tracked this by looking at Hispanics because such a high proportion of them are foreign-born—and because the federal government declined to provide data on immigrant vs. non-immigrant unemployment.
SMITH: “You have to appeal to white guilt… [be]cause that’s what it is.”
Francis cannot “simply fire” even Cardinal Wuerl, who covered up crimes of homosexual predation by the priests he transferred elsewhere while Archbishop of Pittsburgh, and who authorized payment of $900,000 in hush money to bury sexual abuse claims against a homosexual priest involved in the production of child pornography.
On the next page, the email continues with a headline from an article in The Atlantic by James Fallows: “2016: The Year Latinos Saved America?”
First of all, it only gives them a frisson of pleasure to see us groveling and begging for mercy.
Last year, eight people were infected and four people died after an outbreak of the disease.
Associated Press reported that the Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew and other Orthodox Patriarchs met with Pope Francis on Saturday, and that the Pope had some strong words to say about the persecution of Christians in the Middle East.
"What’s wrong with me?"
Instead, now women are Victorian hothouse flowers too delicate to make their way through their lives without the paternal federal government protecting them with its coercive power.
“The police high-ups are ‘ominously’ indifferent to proceed against Awan,” and it’s “noteworthy” how they were “complying with the desires of” Awan, who the paper described as a “White House employee.”
Ratzinger: “I was a bit tired and didn’t feel up to partying with the kids at World Youth Day.”
May job numbers released Friday show native-born Americans big winners and immigrants (legal and illegal, the Labor Department doesn’t distinguish) big losers.
They have established a formation-house for new vocations and held a month long intensive course according to the ratio, given by the same sisters of the federation.
Ex-Speaker Boehner should probably re-check the old party's pulse, for the Bush-Boehner GOP may not just be napping.
God help us.
Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Christine Ford recalled the incident in 2006
With not a penny going to WikiLeaks, a hyped Guardian book led to a lucrative Hollywood movie deal.
In this tragic moment for the Church in various parts of the world — the United States, Chile, Honduras, Australia, etc.
This has nothing to do with medicine or health, and far from stupid people running for Congress who spray themselves with pepper spray to tell you how it will be effective to protect your children against a criminal armed with a gun, these people don't used the word "epidemic" in their diatribe, though they are on record saying gun violence is a public health crisis.
Ecuador invoked the 1951 Convention and granted Assange refuge in its embassy in London.
For example, how many government schools teach the Austrian economics explanation for the Great Depression — much less question the wisdom of central banking — or critically examine the justifications for America’s hyper-interventionist foreign policy?
GOP report: Obama admin worked to allow Iran to exchange billions to bypass sanctions
Hungarian leader Viktor Orban called on Sunday for a global alliance against migration as his right-wing populist Fidesz party began campaigning for an April 8 election in which it is expected to win a third consecutive landslide victory.
The paper suggests that the US focus on Iran’s many ethnic minority groups to spark unrest and an eventual overthrow of the government.
We’re unemployable in any other field.” And as much as we might be tempted to say, “Well suck it up, this is for the good of souls,” the reality is that these are not small considerations.
Khalidi was the former PLO spokesman at the center of the Obama tape scandal.
A brief history: In seven elections starting in 1992, Republicans won the presidency three times, but the popular vote only once, in 2004, when George W. was still basking in his "Mission Accomplished" in Iraq.
“They interpreted the law in my case to say it was criminal,” Saucier told Fox News, referring to prosecuting authorities in his case, “but they didn’t prosecute Hillary Clinton.
But if you know the theater is in fact on fire and you do not shout out, what happens after is your responsibility.
I suspect that not even Viganò’s historic testimony will change the neo-Catholic position.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Second, the Trump administration has been far tougher on Russia than President Obama ever dreamed of being.
This whole idea of a two-state solution, it doesn’t work.”
What proof of this can possibly be offered?
They have done so in the face of Judge Kavanaugh’s lifetime record of stellar public service, multiple background checks producing no evidence of sexual misconduct, and the letter written by the 65 women, who knew him when he was in high school and thereafter and who signed their names to a ringing endorsement of his good character.
The new tensions between the president and the nation’s top law enforcer come as Mueller’s team is prosecuting former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort on money laundering, tax evasion and bank fraud charges.
Our family couldn't be happier with our decision to homeschool---yes, all the way through high school.
In his eleven-page account, affirmed under oath, the Archbishop, marking a turning point in Church history, declares that senior Vatican officials, including former Secretaries of State Angelo Sodano and Tarcisio Bertone as well as Cardinal Óscar Andrés Rodríguez Maradiaga, coordinator of Pope Bergoglio’s “Council of Cardinals”, covered up McCarrick’s decades of sexual predation and that Bergoglio himself continued the coverup.
Federation: Spain - Catalonia
According to Israel’s official New York consulate website, during the operation, “the IDF targeted over 1,500 terror sites including 19 senior command centers, operational control centers and Hamas’ senior-rank headquarters, 30 senior operatives, damaging Hamas’ command and control, hundreds of underground rocket launchers, 140 smuggling tunnels, 66 terror tunnels, dozens of Hamas operation rooms and bases, 26 weapon manufacturing and storage facilities and dozens of long-range rocket launchers and launch sites.”
All the cases were reported from a clinic at Ilkoko Iponge, located about 30 kilometres (20 miles) from Bikoro, where treatment capacities are limited, the WHO said.
This blessing – which is not related to their acts – is being received also by all the other sinners, and the Church thereby hopes that they will convert under the influence of God's Grace!
What is the cut-off date for Indian Citizenship?
They should, however.
Wasserman Schultz’s brother is a prosecutor in the same office handling the case and has tweeted about it.
But migration dominates his agenda now.
He fired them, and got a new legal team.
3-D-printed guns put carnage a click away
* Yes, he will be confirmed.
Article posted with permission from Sons Of Liberty Media
For them, these are not stories, they are indeed realities.
“What we’ve done is a great service to the country, really,” he said.
So it probably still isn't over.
The reality is that the Democrats are as much to blame for the corrosive and ugly rhetoric in America today as Donald Trump is.
If the Ramadan imperative is to become more devout, the Muslim who applies himself diligently to the Ramadan observance will simultaneously become more both merciful to his fellow Muslims and more severe against the unbelievers.
That’s why this current nomination is a hill the Dems are willing to beclown themselves on.
You don’t have to look far for fresh news about Mars, Saturn, or Jupiter these days, but Neptune doesn’t always get the same kind of attention.
Families have to come to see this as a duty to the child and to the Church.
The center of my testimony was that since at least June 23, 2013, the pope knew from me how perverse and evil McCarrick was in his intentions and actions, and instead of taking the measures that every good pastor would have taken, the pope made McCarrick one of his principal agents in governing the Church, in regard to the United States, the Curia, and even China, as we are seeing these days with great concern and anxiety for that martyr Church.
Things to Do in an Emergency: “What’s Your Trade?”
That's right, and it's perfectly legal to do so.
Do they think we are fools?
“The newly appointed members will add to the Commission’s global perspective in the protection of minors and vulnerable adults,” he said.
The answer is clear: You don't.
It has no “use” in the sense that either the Bergoglians – in terms of their political machinations – or the world can understand.
One resident of Puerto Rico's Caño Martín Peña neighborhood, Gladys Peña, told the Herald that her home was built by people in her neighborhood and that fixtures for the dwelling were gathered from abandoned structures.
“Absurd as it may sound the danger we face comes from the West, from politicians in Brussels, Berlin and Paris,” he told the crowd to applause.
She went to her US Democrat representative, Senator Dianne Feinstein and The Washington Post.
Later, however, when his work as prefect of the Congregation for Bishops was being undermined because recommendations for episcopal appointments were being passed directly to Pope Francis by two homosexual “friends” of his dicastery, bypassing the Cardinal, he gave up.
This reached 4.4M social media impressions and signaled to many that Google and our partners value the Latino community and our role in this election.
What did he do to stop the explosion of neo-modernism – that burned like an unchecked wildfire throughout the Catholic world through the reign of John Paul II?
I said, ‘That is not happening.
“I said, ‘This is not OK in asking my kid to write down the Shahada.’ The teacher happened to walk-in and said she made it an option and that the kids didn’t have to do it.
Abid Awan, a member of a family of highly paid Democratic IT aides, was awarded a $45,000 payout in court after he enlisted a high profile attorney specializing in money laundering cases to defeat his stepmother in a bitter dispute over his father’s life insurance policy.
are available from Amazon.com.
1405 § 1, No.
General and with the Congregation for Religious.
The PIB said there is no compulsion to submit any document by/of the parents. Noting that a decision is yet to be taken on acceptable documents, it said: “This is likely to include voter cards, passports, Aadhaar, licenses, insurance papers, birth certificates, school leaving certificates, documents relating to land or home or other similar documents issued by government officials. The list is likely to include more documents so that no Indian citizen has to suffer unnecessarily.”
Gowen said the wire transfer instead had to do with the land deal, which he told the Washington Examiner was “quickly souring.”
“I’m in shock and it hurts more than I could have ever imagined, but trying to stay optimistic and keep my head high,” Murillo wrote.
Now, this is good news!
[A House source said the "employee” was Abid Awan.]
“Altering a form in a manner that provides the incorrect date for a voter to cure a defect … imposes a burden on the voter significant enough to frustrate the voter’s ability to vote,” McVay wrote in a letter, sent on Nov. 9 and publicly released on Tuesday.
In first public rebuke by the White House, Mnuchin pulls out of Saudi investment conference to protest Khashoggi case
Indeed, why else did Archbishop Viganò risk everything in order to expose this Pope, even to the extent of revealing matters supposedly within the scope of “the Pontifical secret”?
Total employment: up 105,000 (+0.08 percent)
Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller
With the Democrats now regaining control of the House, Tlaib is likely to be an energetic proponent of the new majority’s vendetta against the Middle East’s only democracy.
According to the widely discredited official story, on August 2, 1964, the destroyer USS Maddox, while performing a signals intelligence patrol as part of DESOTO operations, was pursued by three North Vietnamese Navy torpedo boats of the 135th Torpedo Squadron.
So serious is the cover-up that for the good of the Church and protection of the faithful, Archbishop Vigano has called on Pope Francis to resign.
Smith also stated that the campaign has “to appeal to white guilt.”
… But I don’t think he can say it just [be]cause he’s trying to get the moderates and the gun-toting people in North Florida.”
Furthermore, a series of prelates has vouched for Viganò’s character and credibility:
St. Teresa specifically set up the monasteries so that none of this would take place.
Dina Habib Powell: "Not Interested" In Replacing Nikki Haley As Ambassador To The UN
They laughed when he announced his candidacy.
In June, LifeSiteNews reported that Orbán had taken a strong stand and not backed down against outside globalist influences seeking to control his nation’s politics.
The Obama administration secretly sought to give Iran access — albeit briefly — to the U.S. financial system by sidestepping sanctions kept in place after the 2015 nuclear deal, despite repeatedly telling Congress and the public it had no plans to do so.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
It smeared Assange and Snowden as Russian collaborators.
The warning signs and rainbow flags are flamboyantly flashing that the 2018 Synod on the Youth and Vocations in Rome presents great moral and physical exploitation of the youth.
Motivated, therefore, by love and concern for souls, I stand with those calling for justice to be done upon the guilty.
With the exception of a Congolese man, all of those arrested were nationals of Mexico.
While his friend watched, she said, Kavanaugh pinned her to a bed on her back and groped her over her clothes, grinding his body against hers and clumsily attempting to pull off her one-piece bathing suit and the clothing she wore over it.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
The way to gauge those who are actually taking ground for the kingdom is to see who is in the midst of a continuous warfare (always in trouble, slandered, lied about, defamed etc) fighting the good fight of faith because they trust in the living God (Matthew 11:12; 1 Timothy 6:12).
Our American history found in that document teaches that our forefathers threw off the tyrant that would not be ruled by God and declared “Resistance to tyrants is obedience to God!"
“After entering into Christ by baptism and by the monastic profession, we should hold ourselves as far aloof from the world as possible and have no connection with it.
Hernandez’ father, Lamar, saw it too.
Then they will claim that the newly elected senators should be involved in the confirmation decision.
The paper noted that “the phones started ringing at the Texas Home School Coalition, and they haven’t stopped yet.”
Eshoo’s office declined to comment.
Others are secretly based in Japan.
They all talk to each other.
Therefore he that resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance of God, and they that resist purchase to themselves eternal damnation.
Patel pushed back on the officials’ remarks, and said that while he stood in solidarity with Asian American identities, none of his remarks were offensive, and he was exposing the audience to ideas that would be found “in the real world.” Before he could finish, Patel’s microphone was cut from off-stage, and he proceeded to leave.
Idolatry, fortune-telling, acting as a medium, preaching apostasy or attempting in any way to entice another from the faith were also punishable by death, as was blasphemy, an offense considered so heinous that the Law specified, “He that blasphemeth the name of the Lord, dying let him die: all the multitude shall stone him, whether he be a native or a stranger” (Lev.
The Citizenship Amendment Bill, 1955 describes 5 conditions for obtaining citizenship of India, such as
In 2015, Kavanaugh issued a statement strongly defending the NSA’s phone metadata collection program, arguing that it is “entirely consistent with the Fourth Amendment.” To Kavanaugh, sweeping programs that collect information from innocent citizens’ phones are not in conflict with having the right to be free from unlawful search and seizure.
There are seven US army members here with CBP at the moment.
They understood the value of what they had, and did everything within their power to preserve and protect it.
“By contrast, my administration has taken a very firm stance – it’s a very firm stance – on a strong action.
If He did, that would make God unjust.
Why Manafort might have sought out Assange in 2013 is unclear.
Average age: 71
Ex-Democratic National Committee head Debbie Wasserman Schultz said she intervened in a Pakistani land deal involving her then–IT aide Imran Awan, according to two House employees.
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
We must refuse to be silent in the face of sin and evil in our families and communities and we must demand from our pastors — myself included — that they themselves are striving day in and day out for holiness.
But it may already be too late to save a regime whose only defense is not truth but raw power.
But in the end, Treasury officials concluded that the transaction was legal.
“The Pope’s statements that there is no place in the life of the Church for those who would abuse children and that we must adhere to zero tolerance for these crimes are genuine,” O’Malley said, “and they are his commitment.”
Conservatives need to remember that the purpose of the Left’s frenzied, demagogic assault is to damage the nominee, and by extension, the president who nominated him.
Penkoski pointed out that the accompanying exercises were also less extensive for Christianity and Judaism than they were for Islam: “Notice no Bible verses, no reciting the Ten Commandments or the Lord’s Prayer.
Here are the six states where the legislatures have already passed—or the governor has already issued an executive order implementing—“red flag” laws:
But a judge requested a second series of tests, which determined that the Malian immigrant was not able to stand trial, 20 Minutes reported Wednesday.
Cardinal Wuerl also clearly lied on another occasion.
... To get there, migrants will have to travel some 1,700 miles (2,735km) to the northwest, a much longer route than to the nearest US border crossing at McAllen, Texas, which many consider to be the safest option.
Ford's lawyer Debra Katz told the Judiciary Committee her client "wishes to testify, provided that we can agree on terms that are fair and which ensure her safety."
The thing is, the result will obviously be the same either way.
In any case, neither side in DC is really interested in solving the illegal immigration problem or cares about the children involved.
After Kavanaugh unleashed his own refutation of the charges and blasted Democrats for their attacks on him, near the closing of the hearing, Graham finally said what everyone had been waiting on and said it with passion.
* Yes, he should have gotten it back.
In the metaphysical order, penalty is a consequence of dependence on the supreme will, dependence which exists in the deepest recesses of created being.
This is just silly.
While GOP grass roots have begged for measures to control our bleeding southern border, they were regularly denounced as nativists by party elites, many of whom are now backing Trump’s wall.
It was their duty in 2016 – not candidate Trump’s.
Kavanaugh claimed that putting a GPS tracking device on a person’s car without first obtaining a warrant was just fine because it didn’t constitute a “search” as defined by the Fourth Amendment.
You can unsubscribe at any time.
This did not win her any friends among law enforcement.
It is looking more and more unlikely with each passing year.
The Justice Department, FBI and Office of the Director of National Intelligence are going through a methodical review and can’t offer a timeline for finishing, said the people, who weren’t authorized to speak publicly about the sensitive matter.
Chinmay Tumbe: What research shows is that legal and estimates of illegal immigration tend to track each other. What this means is that in India, the issue is essentially confined to a handful of districts that have an international border, whatever the estimates. And even if you take a ratio of 3:1 which is abnormally high, the ratio would be 1.5% in over 500 districts. Furthermore, there is simply no evidence to suggest that this is a threat to national security. Terrorist strikes in India have occurred through infiltration for specific purposes. To think that all the illegal immigrants are terrorists or "termites" as Hon. Home Minister says, is foolish. Most are economic migrants and across the Bangladesh border, a lot of it has been circular migration. Every year, thousands of Indians also emigrate illegally to other countries. These are circumstances of work. That is why, in the UN discourse, the word 'illegal immigration' is not even used. They are called "undocumented migrants". The flow has been large for a few bordering districts and the discourse has to shift to how much of an impact it has had there on jobs, wages, etc. rather than seeing it as threat to national security. In fact, even in the US and UK, the discourse on immigration has been mainly about jobs, rather than national security, which seems to be an invented reason in India. When you say, "securing documents is easy", note that this is the most important reason the NRC should not be all-India. Because those who ought to be excluded will find a way in, and those who have never thought much about it, may be excluded due to bureaucratic errors. Overall, a holistic asylum policy, with a special consideration for northeastern states, given its history of disproportionately receiving immigrants in recent decades and superior border controls is a smarter strategy than the current CAA-NRC strategy.
Jamie outlines the frameworks of this tyrannical plantation and how those who are trapped on it, and yearn for freedom, can best escape.]
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
He was previously removed to Mexico in 2009 after he illegally entered the United States through Laredo, Texas.
What leaps to the eye from the mounting statistics is that decline in the exercise of the death penalty has kept close pace with decline in the Faith and church attendance.
Officials at Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control asked two US banks to work as intermediaries and execute the transaction, but they declined, citing concern over potential regulatory backlash and a ding to their reputations.
The dead man’s religious beliefs and affiliation are not known at this point, said Ragan, who debunked a rumor that some sort of “jihad” video was found on Kazi’s phone….
Cardinal Ratzinger, Pope “Emeritus” Benedict – whatever you want to call yourself – I have one question that I would really like you to answer: Why is this man still a cardinal?
The full extent of the clerical predation in the hierarchy will take years to uncover.
Aliens arrested during this operation are from the following countries: Mexico (128), Guatemala (7), El Salvador (1), Honduras (7), Peru (1) and Jordan (1).
The fight isn't hopeless for those whose hope is in the Lord and will stay the course.
The ongoing battle against the Trump presidency and the debate over what constitutes opinion vs. “obstruction of justice” doesn’t appear to have an end date in sight.
If they can derail Kavanaugh’s nomination, that is an added bonus.
However, some people are arguing that this amendment is a violation of Article 14 of the Constitution as it opposes discrimination with anyone based only on caste, religion, sex, and place, etc. Hopefully, the government will take the right decision after listening to all sections of the country.
The conference is advocating measures to strengthen the regulation of gun sales and dealers, as well as ban assault weapons and large-capacity magazines.
* Yes, military force should be used.
Go to https://www.fbi.gov/wanted/terrorism and see for yourself.
Rob Portman, the Ohio Republican who chairs the subcommittee and opposed the Iran deal, formally known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action.
Tellingly, these asylum applicants were the elite of Indonesian society, because their higher average IQ, than the rather dull Indonesians.
My conscience requires me also to reveal facts that I have experienced personally, concerning Pope Francis, that have a dramatic significance, which as Bishop, sharing the collegial responsibility of all the bishops for the universal Church, do not allow me to remain silent, and that I state here, ready to reaffirm them under oath by calling on God as my witness.
Rep. Steve King asked about the volume of communications between the president and Clinton.
For 60 years, Ted McCarrick roamed the halls of seminaries, harassing, raping, and assaulting young males around the world.
I repeated them to Cardinal McCarrick at my first meeting with him at the Nunciature.
Even if church laws already existed to hold bishops accountable for their priests’ behavior, those strictures were not enough, O’Malley said in 2014.
Feb. 14 – A previously deported 42-year-old illegal alien from Mexico was arrested in Harlingen, Texas.
This article was originally published by Tyler Durden at Zero Hedge
It normally has a complement of nine justices but with Anthony Kennedy’s retirement July 31, which cleared the way for Kavanaugh’s nomination, there have been only eight justices.
It is interesting to see the corruption that this kind of relationship produces.
Also the Pope’s mention “not like the Archbishop of Philadelphia” could be traced to McCarrick, because there had been a strong disagreement between the two of them about the admission to Communion of pro-abortion politicians.
take our poll - story continues below
“Boy, you all want power,” he shouted.
SMITH: “… We don’t, do we have to let [the voters] know what the agenda is ahead of time?
“We need people in our country but they have to come in legally and they have to have merit,” Trump told reporters before departing for Paris.
Police shot him in the leg, ruled out terrorism and blamed mental illness.
If Trump wanted to use his power to end the probe, he would have to give the order to Rod J. Rosenstein, the deputy attorney general supervising the Mueller team’s work, and fire Rosenstein if he does not comply, according to Vladeck.
First, Politico reports:
Unsure about the situation and the potential threats to the family, they asked for reinforcements.
— Federal officers with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s (ICE) Enforcement and Removal Operations (ERO) arrested 20 criminal aliens and immigration violators in the Kansas City metro area during a four-day enforcement operation, which ended Thursday.
Although this storm has been categorized as “G-1,” which means it is minor, it could still cause some havoc down on Earth.
The sources described Kazi as a “nomad” and a “vagabond,” who lived in many places.
Steve summons up in this brief post all the anger and all the crushing disappointment most of us probably still feel reluctant to express out loud:
He recently signed an immigration decree requiring asylum seekers to apply at their point of entry to the country and barring illegal immigrants from requesting asylum.
It remains to be seen whether the farmers’ protest over the new farm laws will see the same fate, suppressed on account of the pandemic and public safety.
In Germany, in the US, in Canada, in Italy, in Britain… throughout the Church in the 1st world, and in much of it elsewhere, the men in charge of the “institutional Church” – that is, whose names are on the bank accounts – are dedicated to the destruction of everything we want to preserve.
Their story ultimately led to the Malheur Wildlife Refuge protest, which led to the murder of LaVoy Finicum.
The report identified five officials with some connection to the email probe who were expressing political views, faulting them for having brought “discredit to themselves, sowed doubt about the FBI’s handling of the midyear investigation, and impacted the reputation of the FBI.” The midyear investigation refers to the Clinton email probe.
As of now, the migrant caravan has grown in size to over 4,000 people.
The US has been trying to overthrow and undermine North Korea’s Stalinist regimes ever since, using military threats, subversion and economic warfare.
Before long the US would be right back in the Human Rights Council, there would be moves in favor of the PLO, and the same old failed politics would be back.
She is also said to be happy in her job at Goldman.
Billionaire George Soros, who famously backs many progressive initiatives around the world, locked horns with Orbán over the Central European University (CEU) he founded in 1989, which has been criticized as a funnel for anti-nationalist views.
Several of the affected diplomats were recent arrivals at the embassy, which reopened in 2015 as part of Barack Obama’s reestablishment of diplomatic relations with Cuba.
Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller
The sexual assault allegation, which the nominee has denied, has upended his seemingly sure-bet confirmation and only increased the stakes for the key lawmakers.
They read what to do, but do it not!
ICE Arrests Over 150 in Bay Area
Defend Yourself: A Com...
Article posted with permission from Sons Of Liberty Media
Her latest antics are to point to a more than 30 year old claim that Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh engaged in sexual misconduct while he was in high school and somehow claim that he may have committed a crime while at the same time remaining silent on two women who have accused Rep. Keith Ellison, who is running for Attorney General in Minnesota, of abusing them, one of them making the claim this year.
The killer had allegedly shouted, “Allahu Akbar”.
Article 131 can be invoked whenever a State and other States or the Union differ on a question of interpretation of the Constitution so that a decision of it will affect the scope or exercise of governmental powers which are attributes of a State.
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court on Tuesday released a sweeping grand jury report on sex abuse in the Catholic Church, listing hundreds of accused clergy and detailing 70 years of misconduct and church response across the state.
* Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker
The Clinton machine did nothing but shut down Broaddrick and paint her as a liar.
I had said for over 10 years since coming to these events, that the declared policy of the United States of America should be the overthrow of the mullahs’ regime in Tehran.
Roughly speaking there is a 4-to-4 liberal to conservative ideological split on the court.
Anyone who imagines that this document’s authors will allow leeway, that there will be dispensations forthcoming for traditional or “conservative” communities from timid and cowed Vatican bodies like Ecclesia Dei, has failed to pay attention.
Can the Church Defend Herself Against Bergoglio?
Assange and other involved people deny that such a relation existed.
On Feb. 17, he sent a senior Vatican sex abuse investigator, Archbishop Charles Scicluna, to New York to interview Cruz, who now lives in Philadelphia.
The authors of the letter even lie about the nature of the broad-based request, claiming Trump is selectively declassifying information to save himself.
I fear for this nation when this is now the standard.
Conclusion: The Fatima Connection
Oh, the providential irony!
Hitler and the Nazi state knew the truth about the Jews, and therefore, they began tormenting and persecuting them.
Of course, RINO Senator Jeff Flake (R-AZ) wanted to side with Senate Democrats in pushing for a FBI investigation into unsubstantiated allegations against Kavanaugh.
She conveniently waited until this Sunday to come forward via an on-the-record interview with the Washington Post.
The United States Conference of Mayors passed several resolutions last week that called for more gun confiscation legislation following all the debate about guns after several shootings, despite the fact that government has never been given authority to restrict or regulate arms.
Today, I am at the # Texas border talking with @ CBP officials on how we are securing ports of entry."
Since rules for CAA have not been framed yet, the process to be followed to apply for fast-track citizenship for non- Muslims from Pakistan, Bangladesh and Afghanistan remains unclear.
I was like, ‘Whoa!
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
He succeeded in sabotaging the US-North Korea deal.
(This will be a part of Gorka’s suggested counter-propaganda campaign discussed in Step #5).
Ebola outbreak declared in Democratic Republic of Congo
But he is not making it easy.
That gave the reins to his deputy Rod Rosenstein, who later appointed Mueller.
He was taken apart in a Real News interview (vid) about the book.
This actually further proves my point that Islam was afforded special privilege over the others.
All of WikiLeaks’ revelations have been authentic.
Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.?
And here's J Street trying to decide whether to stop endorsing a Democrat who pals around with Farrakhan and defended him by mentioning the "Jewish question."
ICE officers also made arrests in the Kansas cities of Olathe (3) and Lawrence (1).
However, the US seems hell-bent on continuing to put its nose into other countries politics, including seeking to change its government while hypocritically pointing at other countries for trying to manipulate our own political system.
The New York Times hypothesized that this was done, in part, to avoid the kind of conflicts such as that which Trump has proposed.
Palm Beach County failed to make Florida’s recount deadline on Thursday.
Possible Solutions: Two convents intend to amalgamate.”
Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller
Does he believe that all Catholics must follow the rules of the Church pertaining to the Sixth Commandment...or just the straight Catholics?
The reason being, the legislature that write the bills is all Republican controlled.
The company's main product is a "gun fabricator" called the Ghost Gunner.
And, behold, the angel of the Lord came upon him, and a light shined in the prison: and he smote Peter on the side, and raised him up, saying, Arise up quickly.
South Carolina Rep. James Clyburn attended a 2011 event with Farrakhan and shared the stage with him, even after Jewish groups voiced their opposition to Clyburn attending the event.
Nothing good can be said about his four years of sanctimony and incompetence.
Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.?
Meanwhile, another story just breaking at Fox News provides even more evidence that Peter Strzok is the big bad guy in the FBI mess.
— bishops have a very grave responsibility.
WASHINGTON — Secretary of State Michael R. Pompeo expressed confidence Wednesday that the Saudi government could be trusted to investigate the disappearance and suspected murder of a U.S.-based Saudi journalist in a Saudi diplomatic facility in Turkey — despite the likelihood that senior Saudi officials were involved.
If another attendee says, “He was totally sober and with me the whole time,” that helps Kavanaugh.
We do not take our aggression out on innocent young people.”
Doesn’t anyone else want to know this?
For example, it was established some time ago that former President Obama was involved on some level in this shameful un-American plot to rig the 2016 election and undermine his successor by using the privacy-invading apparatus of the state.
Japan can deploy nuclear weapons in 3-6 months; South Korea is not far behind.
"Despite the fervor of President Trump's Republican opponents, the president's brand of hard-edged nationalism—with its gut-level cultural appeals and hard lines on trade and immigration—is taking root within his adopted party."
While Democrats seem to have told voters they could fix ballot errors up to the Thursday after Election Day — these votes could not count.
After all you can always tell what a man stands for by the enemies that he has.
The New VDARE American Worker Displacement Index (NVDAWDI), our term for the ratio of immigrant to native-born employment growth indexes, fell fromto(100X (120.9/106.0))
Kiko said in an April 2018 hearing spurred by the scandal that he was powerless to stop members who refused to fire a bad actor.
"I consider it a truly grand thing," Wilson says.
Earlier this month, the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development announced it would provide $1.5 billion to help rebuild housing in Puerto Rico after devastation from both Maria and Hurricane Irma, which skirted the island a couple of weeks before, through HUD's Community Development Block Grant Disaster Recovery program.
It is high time that this begin.
Congress can get those.
Additionally, NDTV‘s senior journalist Ravish Kumar posted videos and photos of protests against CAA in various parts of the world including – Harvard University in the US, the University of Oxford in the UK, Berlin, London, California, Sydney, Paris, Poland,Ukraine and UK.
The Left’s attacks on Kavanaugh in the #MeToo era are working, a USA Today article suggests:
The injustice done to this man is legion, both in terms of the bogus Swedish case and now the fact that he must remain in the embassy and can’t leave without being arrested, extradited to the United States and ending up in a hell hole.
About 30 minutes into Patel’s set, members of AAA interrupted the performance, denounced his jokes about racial identities and sexual orientation, and provided him with a few moments for closing remarks.
Instead of depressing diagnoses, encouraging remedies; instead of direful prognostics, messages of trust issued from the council to the present-day world.
Mindszenty’s mother was permitted to visit him four times a year, and the communist authorities stationed secret police outside the embassy ready to arrest him should he try to leave.
According to a recent study, the gun issue is an incredibly powerful, motivating issue in politics.
Kritarch Patti Saris thinks she runs immigration policy, right down to how many times someone can have their case reviewed, though she seems confused as to who will do the reviewing of those cases.
The U.S. banks were pressured into complying with the deal.
Large public-school publishers have been bought by the Saudis.
Whatever the Russians did, they did while Brennan was director of the CIA, Clapper was director of national intelligence, and James Comey was head of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
I believe that the statement speaks for itself, and you all have sufficient journalistic ability to draw conclusions.
Saviano said the commission is “a good idea,” and added, “I’m not particularly optimistic that much will get accomplished, but a commission is better than no commission.”
3rd Highest Ranked Dem Civil Rights Hero Appeared w/Farrakhan, Won't Condemn
If you have directly witnessed sexual advances or any type of abuse, bring it forward as well.
Together they appeared to signal a shift in White House strategy — earlier this week Trump had warned Saudi rulers could face “severe punishment” — and suggested the administration has decided to help its most important ally in the Arab world defuse an international crisis over the fate of Jamal Khashoggi.
As for her ties with Goldman Sachs, Breitbart reported the following:
Let the Americans, who relish playing empire, pay for NATO.
Trump often compared the Obama administration’s handling of Saucier’s case with that of Clinton.
Isaiah says that such people draw unto them God's punishment, with thick cords!
Victoria, we get the last word from you, laws broken?
deals with issues of major importance; makes decisions and issues norms that all nuns are required to observe, after the definitive approval of the Holy See;
So, unless the legislature writes a bill, and it got voted on the floor, it cannot pass.
It also became an main outlet for manipulative propaganda peddled by the British secret services.
Story highlights Two cases were confirmed, prompting the outbreak declaration
Ruhee Neog: That the illegal migrant will have to demonstrate their persecution, or fear thereof, on religious grounds is not mentioned in the text of the Act (but can be found elsewhere, including its Statement of Objects and Reasons). For a mechanism apparently intended to address discrimination, the CAA is surprisingly discriminatory itself-in some cases, towards the same categories of people it deems eligible for protection, and therefore, citizenship. There are several reasons why the CAA does not stand up to scrutiny. One, persecution can occur along several different lines, but CAA singling out 'religious persecution' side-lines other equally serious forms of discrimination. Further, in purportedly trying to redress minority persecution in countries that have a state religion, the Act, by cherry-picking eligibility, itself qualifies as discriminatory. Two, this preferential mechanism creates distinctions between minorities of the same faiths from Bangladesh, Pakistan, and Afghanistan, and their counterparts in other neighbouring countries. For example, the candidature of the mostly Hindu Tamils from Sri Lanka is proscribed because the country does not fall under CAA's purview. CAA thus presumes the fallacy that minorities are persecuted only in Muslim-majority countries. Third, if CAA seeks to protect those fleeing religious persecution, even if only of certain kinds and of select geographical provenance, it should extend this protection to all who fall within said categories. By setting a cut-off date, it randomly delegitimises citizenship claims, regardless of whether these emerge from the same persecuted minorities or countries it otherwise prioritises. Fourth, of course is the CAA's incongruence with Article 14 of the Indian Constitution, which is the right of all within the territory of India - not just its citizens - to equality before the law, or equal protection. In fact, according to several constitutional law experts, owing to its arbitrariness, lack of a sound rationale, or clarity in objective, the CAA fails the same test of "reasonable classification" that has been invoked to justify its constitutionality. There is no doubt that India needs solid refugee legislation. But the CAA, which does not contain any reference to "refugees" in the entirety of its text, and, in my view, fails tests of both constitutionality and humanitarianism, is not it.
To make matters worse (if that is even possible), evidence has surfaced that indicates that a bishop, as well as some priests and laity, had brought the allegations about misconduct with seminarians to the attention of Church authorities but to no avail: Archbishop McCarrick was nonetheless “promoted” to become the archbishop in our nation’s capital, and elevated to the College of Cardinals.
The CAA applies to illegal migrants from Pakistan, Bangladesh and Afghanistan and that are Hindu, Sikh, Buddhist, Jain, Zoroastrian or Christian.
Just a few weeks ago professional prognosticators were expecting job growth of 175,000 in May.
I went to a high school that had more than its share of drunken parties, and my classmates could do crazy and stupid things, but an act like this was beyond the pale.
In 2007, Powell was named to the Board of a Hillary Clinton project known as ‘Vital Voices’,another women-centric operation that touts Global Ambassadorial missions for women.
Mr. Pompeo promised to “take a look at it.”
There is no public evidence that support such claims.
Catholics are going to have to get their heads out of the mindset that they are helpless petitioners, “begging” the hierarchy to maintain the Faith.
Nah, it’s just CNN doing what CNN does… spewing more fake news for your viewing pleasure.
It won't work.
Now it is becoming increasingly clear.
They Never Happened
That WikiLeaks is somehow in bed with the Russians is ludicrous.
Jamie Glazov holds a Ph.D. in History with a specialty in Russian, U.S. and Canadian foreign policy.
There is a baffling and shameful silence in our culture’s sphere of comedy, especially in Hollywood and our media, with regard to the myriad ingredients of Shariah and jihad that merit at least a million hilarious satirical sketches.
A “lifelong friend” whom Ford claims was at the party has denied any knowledge of the it, and says she’s never met Kavanaugh.
The Washington establishment politicians act like children when they can’t have their way.
“I applaud the brave men and women of ICE who put themselves in harm’s way daily to keep our community safe.”
as the immigrant labor force: 0.63% versus 0.30%.
Mr. McCabe is already the subject of an earlier criminal referral from the OIG for his alleged unauthorized leaks to the media and lying to federal investigators about his media contacts.
Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer
So was it annihilation?
So it was stunning — but not surprising, given this administration’s worship at the altar of gun rights — that the State Department elected last month to quietly settle the case.
When Catholic society puts a man to death, it terminates only his temporal life on earth, catapulting him into eternity for his final judgment before almighty God.
“We were shocked to see this video and certainly don’t condone this type of customer behavior in our restaurants.
Moreover, the above-quoted Franz Harant himself is the contact person of this Diocesan Working Group – also called “Rainbow Pastoral.” As can be seen on the website of dahop, the Diocese of Linz offers special liturgical services for homosexuals, called “Queer Church Services” (Queer-Gottesdienste) that take place in Harant's own parish.
Kamala Harris and Elizabeth Warren for sending out fundraising emails asking for donations to support their votes against Justice Brett M. Kavanaugh — even before they cast their votes against him.
The authors insist there is no contradiction between the two – except, of course, where there are contradictions – and that both Pius XII and Francis are keen to see nuns reaching the “aim of their specific vocation.” It describes Francis as promulgating this document “in the wake” of Pius XII[1].
Greenfield also adds:
Also read: A Letter to India from a Student Protesting the Citizenship Amendment Act in Assam
“That’s kind of my attitude now: If I don’t expect the Catholic Church to do anything, then I won’t be too disappointed when they don’t do anything,” he continued.
While the American government was engaged in a number of “black” or covert intelligence activities to locate Al Qaeda leaders, Mr. Kirk said, the “white” or public efforts – which have succeeded in the past in leading to the capture of wanted terrorists – were effectively shut down in the months following the September 11 attacks.
At the end of the audience the Pope announced: “Those of you who are still in Rome next Sunday are invited to concelebrate with me at the Domus Sanctae Marthae.” I naturally thought of staying on to clarify as soon as possible what the Pope intended to tell me.
Joaquin Castro of Texas — another Democratic intelligence committee member who employed one of the Awans — told TheDCNF that Kiko never told him of any cybersecurity issues whatsoever and that the Awan probe was instead described as a theft issue.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
He can’t; he has just explained all Qur’anic violence and intolerance away, leaving the manifest fact that all too many Muslims worldwide think that the Qur’an says exactly what he claims it does not say an unanswered conundrum.
The Muslim migrant teen who bombed the London Tube told border officials that he was trained by ISIS, but was admitted anyway.
Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller
North Korea is now believed to have mastered a lightweight nuclear warhead that can be carried by the Hwasong and shorter-ranged Taepodong and Nodong missiles.
“Looking back to the past, no effort to beg pardon and to seek to repair the harm done will ever be sufficient.
· A 56-year-old female Mexican national with a federal conviction for illegal entry.
The numbers might have been greater, but for the intervention of Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf, who tweeted out a warning of the impending raid, tipping off others who might have been caught...
It turned out it didn’t happen that way.
The virus is transmitted to people from wild animals and spreads in the human population through human-to-human transmission.
The former editor of the Guardian, Alan Rusbridger, called the WikiLeaks disclosures, which his newspaper published in 2010, “one of the greatest journalistic scoops of the last 30 years”.
Elsewhere in the email Mario says “Google supported partners like Voto Latino to pay for rides to the polls in key states .” Hillary the Other Woman Dolly Kyle Best Price: $3.06 Buy New $8.93 (as of 01:15 EDT - Details) She describes this assistance as a “silent donation” Mario then says that Google helped Voto Latino create ad campaigns to promote those rides.
She is also very cozy with Hillary Clinton’s closest advisers Huma Abedin and Philippe Reines.
Records Support Claims That Minnesota Muslima State Rep Ilhan Omar Married Her Brother
They are asking the kids to write the beginning of Surahs.
“I have never met Julian Assange or anyone connected to him,” the statement said.
It seems there are two themes running through the document: to establish a certain value of “autonomy” as the indispensable criterion for viability, while at the same time asserting top-down oversight and control over who gets to make this determination.
that getting all worked up over Trump’s press conference with Putin was ridiculous.
I feature in the logs every time I visited.
Perhaps the world of Catholic academic theology had become so corrupted that a man called “progressive” in 1963, but whose ideas remained the same, would look like a “champion of traditional Catholic orthodoxy” by 2005.
I visited the hospital in Bikoro where patients are being treated, and lab technicians are testing samples.
Moreover, the high number of Carmels makes difficult to maintain all presences.
“There are, theoretically I guess, canons that could apply here, but obviously they have not been sufficient,” he said.
Immigrants and native-born Americans both experienced the same 0.4% job growth, with 440,000 more natives and 91,000 more immigrants at work.
I am tired of people being hurt, gravely hurt!
At the moment and personally speaking, my own family’s home-school is going great guns.
Former British ambassador Craig Murray also points out the extensive security checks insisted on by the embassy to which any visitor to Assange must submit.
Because they won't follow your unconstitutional and unlawful laws in the first place!
So they didn't stick to it.
“Prior to that, everyone understood the dangers of playing footsie with the world’s largest state sponsor of terrorism.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
* Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker
They want to do what President Donald Trump suggested and "take the guns first" and forget due process.
In this extremely dramatic moment for the universal Church, he must acknowledge his mistakes and, in keeping with the proclaimed principle of zero tolerance, Pope Francis must be the first to set a good example for cardinals and bishops who covered up McCarrick’s abuses and resign along with all of them.
Nobody was ever admitted without being entered in the logs.
In an effort to dispute the existence of gas chambers at Auschwitz, Sheikh Al-‘Ayesh, who heads the Bait Al-Maqdis Documentary Studies Center, drew the following analogy: “Imagine that you want to build a bakery.
Democrats would prefer to drag the confirmation process into the next Congress where they hope to take control from Republicans.
This is a struggle about policy, about the future.
In a recent speech to the MeK – a violent Islamist-Marxist cult that spent two decades on the US terror watch list – Giuliani promised that the Trump Administration had made “regime change” a priority for Iran.
We also need to contact our representatives and to call for a Congressional investigation into this pernicious assault by the fascist Left on our liberties.
As I explained to Giuliani ten years ago, the concept of “blowback” is well-known in the US intelligence community and particularly by the CIA.
“The messages cast a cloud over the FBI investigations to which these employees were assigned,” Horowitz alleged.
It fell sharply in the months after the 2016 election, but roared back to Obama-era levels in the spring.
No law enforcement agency, let alone the FBI, would waste its time with an allegation of a crime decades in the past, and so patently incoherent and lacking in evidence.
President Donald Trump has warned these people to turn back and that they will not be accepted into the US.
We began from three points:
If Tehran did, it would be an act of monumental stupidity.
Is it possible someone planted this story as a means to discredit the journalists?
There’s already enough “frissons of pleasure” in their lives.
They can remain silent, for which history will be unforgiving.
How was he allowed to go on molesting young priests and seminarians when virtually the entire Church hierarchy knew what he was up to?
Of course, they dressed it up as human rights work and so on.
While it earlier made attempts to balance its shoddier side with some interesting reporting, it is now solidly main stream in the worst sense.
* Yes, he should have gotten it back.
Obama Secretly Tried to Get Banks to Aid Iran, Banks Refused
In May, Malek, a Syrian refugee, stabbed three people in The Hague while shouting, “Allahu Akbar.” The Syrian had previously thanked the Dutch people for their hospitality by shouting, “Allahu Akbar,” and throwing pieces of furniture out of the window of his apartment and into the street.
Evelyn Perez-Verdia, a former office spokeswoman who left several years ago, said Sunday evening she was told by people in the office that the letter was sent “to Tallahassee” earlier in the day.
This was a tough battle for the plaintiff's, SAF and DD.
Can you imagine if a conservative person uttered those comments?
And it’s not taking long for law enforcement agencies in the above states to begin their Naziesque assault on gun owners.
Well, this didn't come from President Donald Trump.
(And who is behind them?
Homeschooling Expands As Parents Seethe Over Liberal Social Engineering And Violence
Op-ed writers Tony Badran and Jonathan Schanzer, both from the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies, The FDD is an annex of the Israeli lobby and a charter member of the War Party.
He is very well read.
We could even perhaps buy a few convents so contemplative nuns could continue to pray in peace, without harassment from the evil men in Rome.”
Dr Nafees Ahmad: We have been doing it since 1951 as the census of India and it has been a regular feature and it should remain continued, however, the database of National Population Register (NPR) may be culled out it. A count of citizens and documentation is important for security objectives and for delivering welfare schemes. It will provide an integration of all state services and development measures. But there is a greater amount of awareness among the people regarding their data privacy and personal information; therefore, the contours of the National Population Register (NPR) must be debated before its finalization. There is inadequate information available to the ordinary Indians about the NPR, therefore, there is a need to have an authenticated and well-documented campaign to educate and sensitize officials, personnel and people regarding NPR across the country by organizing workshops and orientation programmes. What kind of information is likely to be asked for NPR must be put in the public domain for eliciting the responses of all stakeholders/citizens? This exercise involves the colossal amounts of money and any hasty and surreptitious implementation may result in a fiasco. Presently, the citizens of India are having multiple identity cards like Aadhar Card, Ration Card, PAN Card, Voter Card, Employment IDs, Birth Certificate, Bank Passbook, Property Documents, Driving Licences, Gun Licences, LIC Policy Papers, etc. A policy of 'one national identity card' for all purposes remains a distant dream even in the presence of Aaadhar Card. Should we revisit the existing Aadhar Card to further strengthening and adopting it as final proof of citizenship.
There is nothing about these stories that is okay.
His new book is Confessions of an Islamophobe.
In an op-ed published several years ago by The Los Angeles Times, two members of Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity, Coleen Rowley and Bogdan Dzakovic, pointed out that — If WikiLeaks had been up and running before 9/11 — frustrated FBI investigators might have chosen to leak information that their superiors bottled up, perhaps averting the terrorism attacks.
In modern times, which find the Church strictly separated from the state on principle and denied any active part in civil government, secularism has become the state religion, directing legislation exclusively to temporal objectives.
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Completing this poll grants you access to Truth Uncensored updates free of charge.
Fifthly, a U.S. citizen who has committed NO CRIME is denied his Natural right of self-defense for a whole year.
For Sofia Jao, BC ‘22, problems with the performance resided not in the set, but with Patel’s closing remarks.
We must all work daily on our own personal holiness and hold ourselves accountable first and, in turn, hold our brothers and sisters accountable as well, and
“We want a system where when people come in illegally, they have to go out,” Trump told reporters.
“The good news is that the DR Congo population is very used to Ebola outbreaks,” he added.
Professionally, I find this one of the most unsavory and immoral things I have seen in my career.
I have never reached out to Assange or Wikileaks on any matter.
While the complaint didn’t supply any details, the plaintiff was reported to have said to a journalist that “Archbishop McCarrick would share a bed with seminarians but not engage in any activity with them.” The complaint would later be formally amended to include that allegation.
Sarah’s brother said that the killer called Sarah and her daughter, “dirty Jews”.
Add tens of millions of South Korean and Japanese civilians who are at risk of North Korean retaliation.
However, his jokes quickly progressed to uncomfortable territory, including one about a gay black man who lives in his neighborhood and how “[I]t made me realize that being gay is definitely not a choice because no one wants to be gay and black.” The tension in the room increased as Patel told more jokes in this vein until organizers of the event went up on stage to stop him, citing a change in program plans.
The February 2017 memo itemizes “numerous and egregious violations of House IT security” by members of the Awan family, including using Congress members’ usernames and “the unauthorized storage of sensitive House information outside the House.”
Neither Trump nor his top diplomat offered any new facts or insights in the case.
He has a 2012 conviction for fraud.
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
So, they dig up some Trump-hating woman from Kavanaugh’s past and convince her to say that he assaulted her thinking that such an allegation will surely delay the vote long enough for them to regain control of Congress.
You have to whip them up into a frenzy in order for them to vote.”
The truth is that the Guardian has not erred in this latest story attacking Assange, or in its much longer-running campaign to vilify him.
Lot and his family flee the city, and then "the LORD rained down burning sulfur on Sodom and Gomorrah — from the LORD out of the heavens.
Sporadic cases of Ebola have occurred since the epidemic was brought under control, with a small number of patients being confirmed in 2017.
That is exactly what a growing number of Catholics are now doing, as even the secular press recognized less than three months before Bergoglio began his tyrannical reign.
Ramirez, just like Christine Blasey Ford, is a registered Democrat and is dedicated to leftist causes.
Everyone knows by now, for instance, what has happened, in the most Orwellian sense, to Alex Jones and InfoWars on Facebook, YouTube and Twitter.
You may opt out at anytime.
Our book shows the Natural and Biblical duty of self-defense.
History lessons in Islam are dawah – proselytizing for Islam.
But President Trump listened to the voices asking him for justice.
Or is it in there in order to provide cover for prelates?
This vulnerability is a gun to their heads in this time.
Which leads me then to wonder: If they're really concerned with going to the truth, why wouldn't you want to talk to the accused?”
They didn’t want to either, in that they want to have the opportunity to complete this investigation in a thorough way.”
Ms. Ford : No.
Trump sought to set up Kim as a bogeyman, and himself as America’s savior.
Authorities are also investigating whether or not Kazi was suffering from any mental health issues.
“Now the question is, why.
Trump may not have delivered (yet) on his promise to bring back the factory and coal jobs so many of his supporters lost during the Obama years.
“It will be an irrevocable part of political life that guns are downloadable, and we helped to do that.”
Nah, I don’t have no problems with Farrakhan, I don’t spend a whole lot of my time dealing with those kind of things,” Davis said.
We all know it!”
Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Kavanaugh then allegedly covered the woman’s mouth with his hand and attempted to force himself on her, but she says she managed to free herself and bolt out of the room.
The Bharatiya Janata Party has always worked with dedication for national interest without resorting to any kind of politics. This is what separates it from other organisations. Whether it is about Article 370 or the abrogation of 35 A, be it the resolution of Ram Jamnmabhoomi dispute or about giving pension to small farmers and traders. whether it is the creation of unified Jal Shakti ministry or about socio-economic development of the poor, backward or marginalised people, the party has fulfilled all its promises.
Or he can seize this opportunity and use his government’s diplomatic influence to defend the life of an Australian citizen, whose courageous public service is recognised by countless people across the world.
For there is no power but of God: the powers that be are ordained of God.
For example, Ms. Ford “said she does not remember how the gathering came together the night of the incident.” She also does not remember how she got home.
Personally, I could never endure what he has, especially in recent years.
On Thursday afternoon, Ford's highly partisan, activist attorney emailed Grassley saying, although her client strongly prefers that an investigation take place beforehand, Ford will testify next week, but she cannot do so on Monday.
What is Pope Francis’ commission on sexual abuse?
“But when we ask families why do they homeschool, near the top nowadays is concern about the environment of schools, and that includes safety, pressure to get into drugs, pressure to get into sexual activity.
Of course, not.
This schizophrenia is the model under which “conservatives” have operated all this time, and by which they have judged a man like Joseph Ratzinger to be a “conservative champion of orthodoxy.” And what has this achieved?
It was Correa’s government that gave Julian political refuge, which has been betrayed now by his successor, the government led by Lenin Moreno, which is back to sucking up to the United States in the time-honored way, with Julian as the pawn and victim.
As for if Kavanaugh gets appointed, Amash has some harsh words to those who are blindly supporting him based on party lines:
She has told her class that if they had questions about religious beliefs, that those conversations should take place with their parents.” He said that Christianity and Judaism were given “equitable treatment” in the same class.
But he’s also never criticized Benjamin Netanyahu.
Her top role at the NSC represents McMaster’s vision for our approach to Islam.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Are Christians to submit to those who have redefined marriage where a man can now "marry" a man and a woman can now "marry" a woman (Leviticus 18:22; Romans 1:24 etc…)?
“I didn’t do the deal because they had been adopting bad behaviors.
This Hispanic/non-Hispanic divide was, of course, a convenient proxy for VDARE.com's primary interest: foreign-born workers and their role in displacing their native-born counterparts.
However, his wife, Ukrainian-born Nataliia Sova – who also was on the House payroll – signed as a witness on the 2016 life insurance form as “spouse of Abid,” and they have been photographed living together.
My daughter conflicted that story and said, ‘No, that is not what was said.’ What was said was, ‘Do the assignment; and if you want to learn more about the Quran, ask your parents,’” Penkoski told Christian Post.
The June 2017 application was the last of four filed by the Justice Department in support of FISA court orders allowing the monitoring of Page for nearly a year.
THEY ARE WRONG.
The GOP currently controls the Senate, which has the final say on judicial nominations, by an uncomfortably close margin of 51 to 49.
Assange's Wikileaks responded through its public Twitter account which has 5.4 million followers.
And the decision to act upon this disordered inclination is a sin so grave that it cries out to heaven for vengeance, especially when it involves preying upon the young or the vulnerable.
Janet Smith, Professor of Moral Theology at the Sacred Heart Major Seminary in Detroit, recently wrote: “The problem of clergy abuse cannot be resolved simply by the resignation of some bishops, and even less so by bureaucratic directives.
But affidavits released on Tuesday by the DOS show that documents from four different counties said the ballots could be returned by 5 p.m. on Thursday, which is not accurate.
The Collateral Damage video, the war logs of Afghanistan and Iraq, the Cablegate revelations, the Venezuela revelations, the Podesta email revelations … these are just a few of the storms of raw truth that have blown through the capitals of rapacious power.
Kristian Saucier, a former Navy sailor who served a year in federal prison for taking photos of classified sections of the submarine he worked on but was later pardoned by President Donald Trump, says that he is going to pursue a lawsuit against several Obama administration members, including Former FBI Director James Comes and Barack Hussein Obama Soetoro Sobarkah.
Powell is not only a partner at Goldman Sachs, which has a sordid history of its own, but also worked in the George W. Bush administration.
It is as if they are two faces of the same coin.
Attorney General Lynch’s infamous tarmac meeting with Bill Clinton was discussed in the report, but mostly in the context of how it affected Comey’s decision to go rogue, so to speak, in making his July 5th announcement without prior approval from the Justice Department.
Sessions, who was a Trump campaign adviser and the first sitting senator to endorse his candidacy, recused himself from the Russia probe in March 2016 because he expected the campaign to be one focus of the investigation.
Unlike previous administrations, my administration has and will continue to move aggressively to repeal any efforts – and repel – we will stop it, we will repel it – any efforts to interfere in our elections.
Everything depends on it!
The Washington Post reported Wednesday that the numbers of families and children traveling on their own surged to record levels in September.
At the time of the invite, Stewart had been charged with helping her former client Omar Abdel Rahman, a radical Egyptian spiritual leader of a terror group, to pass on secret messages to his followers to commit terror attacks.”
Ben Shapiro spoke to Fox News' Martha MacCallum and said "you have to have some evidence before you destroy a man's life."
I’ve had quite a few conversations with priests who are now asking how to deal with it.
“The Holy Father has ensured continuity in the work of our Commission, which is to assist local churches throughout the world in their efforts to safeguard all children, young people, and vulnerable adults from harm.”
* Yes, he should have gotten it back.
“Motive a mystery in car explosion at Travis Air Force Base” was the Los Angeles Times headline, and this one is indeed a real mystery.
They couldn’t have been more wrong.
Kung, who was never removed from the priesthood despite his manifest heresy?
Like the secret to how nuns are to smile properly?
Part of the caravan, which has split into two groups, is approaching the Mexico-Guatemala border amid a surge in border crossings on the U.S.-Mexico border.
Fisher knows that Francis knows it, even if she still cannot bring herself to say explicitly what should now be apparent to the entire body of the faithful: that Bergoglio’s very presence on the Chair of Peter is a grave threat to the common good of the Church and the integrity of the Faith.
The incorporation of sisters from other countries without due discernment in some cases.
Any person that meets this requirement does not have to produce any documents to prove his or her citizenship under the Act.
There was something highly emblematic about that for me.
Smith explains that most of Gillum’s campaign promises could never be implemented, and that the Gillum campaign knows this:
Orban has conflated the issue of immigration with the image of Soros, 87, whose name was used in a tough anti-migrant bill sent to Parliament on Wednesday.
on the earth, every one therefore that findeth me, shall kill me,” God laid down that “whoever shall kill Cain shall be punished sevenfold,” setting a mysterious identifying mark on him to protect him from the vengeance of others.
But this storm stayed its course, dying out in a horizontal path that didn’t bring it towards the Neptunian equator at all, forcing scientists to go back to the drawing board and come up with a new theory on the planet’s weather habits.
Trump Threatens To Send Military To Block Honduran Migrant Caravan
take our poll - story continues below
A full division can be moved through in only 60 minutes.
John Bolton – We Will Be Celebrating in Tehran Before 2019 >You can’t say you weren’t warned pic.twitter.com/F1dvZAVQaF — Battle Beagle 🇺🇸 🇬🇧 (@HarmlessYardDog) May 7, 2018
In obedience, strive to live out your priesthood as a holy priest, a hard working priest, and a pure and happy priest — as Christ Himself is calling you to do.
Why this bill is opposed?
There would be a near lynching of them on the spot and surely for days to come.
Pamela Geller's commitment to freedom from jihad and Shariah shines forth in her books
Credible information ICE Raids in Oakland Sunday 2/25 and Monday 2/26” and “This information comes directly from the Mayor.”
I hope the story turns out true.
And again in 1066, rioting Muslims, enraged by the humiliation of a Jew who had been appointed to rule over Muslims, murdered four thousand Jews in Granada.
One way or another, the Church will have to repel an attacker at her very summit.
Most pro-life observers in Britain will tell you that it was the “Mental Capacity Act” of 2005 that established in British law the concept that a person with permanently “reduced capacity” could be legally starved and/or dehydrated to death by doctors.
During Ramadan, Muslims are exhorted to renew and deepen their devotion to Allah.
While there are numerous curious nuances in the plan, presented below in its entirety, the one section that caught our – and Wikileaks’ attention – is the following which implicitly suggests Google planned the creation of a voter tracking database, using smart phones: Guilty as Sin: Uncover... Edward Klein Best Price: $2.30 Buy New $3.99 (as of 12:05 EDT - Details)
Today the death penalty is imposed ever more rarely, even in cases of proven premeditated murder.
After all these efforts and what we thought was positive momentum toward change, the results are not what we expected at all.
You have known him a long time.
Ratzinger’s reputation as a “progressive” is not based on one incident, nor was it restricted to his early work.
The video found it’s way to Twitter, and it is slightly violent, so err on the side of caution if watching near children.
See Peter Brimelow’s review: “Wheel And Fight”—Pat Buchanan’s Nixon Book
This is what led me to write my new New York Times best-selling book, “Trump’s America: The Truth About Our Nation’s Great Comeback.” With each passing month the radical-extremist wing of the Democratic Party dominates the progressive wing more and more.
It deemphasizes U.S military intervention, instead focusing on a series of moves to embolden an Iranian population that has increasingly grown angry at the ruling regime for its heavy investments in military adventurism across the region.
There are no options in this document, no choices, no recourse.
After breathing this threat, the cardinal continued, saying that because modern people’s “needs” are fundamentally different from what they were in the past, there was no reason to stick too closely to what the founders and foundresses – people like St. Anthony, St. Augustine, St. John Cassian, St. Benedict, St. Bruno, St. Dominic, Sts.
Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court?
Most bishops, besides apologies, have not been on the cutting edge of change.”
She also says those involved in Google’s get-out-the-vote efforts were openly seeking consolation after Clinton lost, and that she and another person cried after Trump won – for the first time they have cried due to an election result.
And Trump is far from the only American who sees the investigation as a witch hunt.
I don’t know of another book like it.
"I agree it would be a good idea to have (Treasury Secretary Jack) Lew engage (the US bank).
Dr. Nafees Ahmad: The CAA is a glass half full and a partially good legislation but partially discriminatory as it excludes one major section that constitutes a persecuted Muslim minority from these Muslim majority countries of South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) on religious lines. CAA could have used the words "persecuted minorities of South Asia" instead of existing expression "any person belonging to Hindu, Sikh, Buddhist, Jain, Parsi or Christian community from Afghanistan, Bangladesh or Pakistan" as it violates the Constitution of India per se. Historically, India has been a melting pot for different cultures and civilizations and has been active in addressing humanitarian crises that include the reception of refugees fleeing persecution from many parts of the world including SAARC region. Today, India rightly aspires for a global leadership role but it lacks the global political will to address the problem of refugees based on a duly enacted legal framework. Recently, 181 countries voted in favour of the Global Compact on Refugees including India at Marrakesh in Morocco in December 2018. The United States and Hungary were the only two nations who voted against it. However, India is a party (not ratified but signed) to host of international human rights treaties including 1984 UN Convention on Torture (CAT) that prohibits under its Article 3 forced expulsion or deportation of foreigners to their dangerous territories/homelands. Though, India has not acceded to the 1951 UN Convention relating to the Status of Refugees and (UNCSR) along with its 1967 Additional Protocol, nor does it have a national law for refugee protection. India boasts of adhering to the principle of non-refoulement (no-forced expulsion/deportation) and securing refugee protection under the holistic and liberal construction of Article 21 of the Constitution of India that protects all classes of human existence as per the jurisprudence produced by the Supreme Court of India. Therefore, religious predilections cannot be allowed to govern and prevail over constitutional scheme of human equality called fundamental rights and duties in any democratic political set up anywhere in the world including India, Citizenship can never be contemplated on the basis of religion and it is in contravention of International Human Rights Law and international human rights treaty obligations backed by Customary International Law (CIL). CIL works as a safety valve against state's arbitrary and discriminatory actions even in the absence of domestic laws and international treaties.The UN has declared the contemporary refugee crises in many parts of the world - including India, and its South Asian neighbours and broader region - as the worst humanitarian crisis of the world. More than 70 million people worldwide are currently displaced. A national refugee agency (NRA) must be emplaced to compile comprehensive profiles and credentials of the migrants, immigrants, asylum-seekers, and refugees immediately upon their arrivals in India so that NRA could coordinate with other NGOs and civil society institutions regarding their needs of housing, medical aid, safety and exploring job opportunities for them, etc. These profiles and credentials should include educational qualifications, technical skills, language proficiencies, family composition and other significant relevant data in line with the Common European Asylum System (CEAS) and the EURODAC system for collecting refugee information. Ensuring a proper understanding of the needs and assets of the refugees will ensure that resources are allocated appropriately and will facilitate their timely R3I the solution in the host country. Options for private sponsorship of refugees should be developed in parallel to government systems in light of the success of such schemes in the Global North. Such schemes often result in better settlement and employment outcomes for refugees and ease the financial burden on government resources. Refugees must be supported in learning both the Hindi and English languages to remove bottlenecks for employment and psychological wellness and a successful R3I solution for refugees. This is particularly important for refugee women who often struggle to access medical, education and childcare facilities due to language barriers. However India, as an emerging global player of international politics, must initiate a dialogue in the country to shift the focus from religion-driven refugee policy to diversity-driven refugee policy in its political discourse. Therefore, a sustainable refugee policy requires the engagement of different types of stakeholders and actors. These are primarily the Government of India (GoI) and UNHCR but may also include NGOs and other members of refugee advocacy groups and the research institutions.
“I hope he comes and portrays himself as a victim,” Trey Gowdy told Fox News.
You may opt out at anytime.
Outside of specialists and seekers, the only reason why there is general interest in the Qur’an among non-Muslims is to seek an answer to the question of whether or not it justifies and encourages Islamic terrorism.
She also says that the company—and herself in particular—will redouble efforts in the future to get a different and more desired result in future elections.
Instead, I understand the indictment they are trying to concoct reads like a charge of espionage!
Sign the Petition to Stop the Synod Here.
Now Assange and his supporters have been proved right once again.
Sara Berg, a senior writer at AMA, was the author of the lengthy post which calls for all sorts of government overreach and unconstitutional legislation.
Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
A clear statement by Bishop Andreas Laun for Kath.net.
For those who may be unaware, the plan to overthrow Iran has long been in the works.
“How ridiculous to overlook judgment because of kindness then love wounds itself by killing justice!” -Charles Haddon Spurgeon
It is also notable that it is only in the Croatian report that Christ gets a direct mention.
In 2004 they established a Carmelite infirmary to help the communities.
According to the Senate report: “Muscat sought to convert $5.7 billion in Omai rials into euros.
He is the one demonizing white men.
This declassification effort won’t make things any worse than they are for President Trump.
The signers of this letter hold a broad range of political views.
Of course, the statute itself didn’t make intent a prerequisite.
The media's Farrakhan embargo is collapsing.
Make no mistake about this: Archbishop Viganò is fighting for the very survival of the human element of the Catholic Church.
In its suit, the state referred to Article 131 of the Constitution.
"It was already out there before, and the hurricane exacerbates it."
Under an obscure set of US regulations known as the International Trade in Arms Regulations (ITAR), Wilson was accused of exporting weapons without a license, just as if he’d shipped his plastic gun to Mexico rather than put a digital version of it on the internet.
The bizarre “sonic attacks” against diplomats began in Cuba, but have now spread to other countries with over 200 illnesses reported.
And how was such a depraved individual ordained in the first place, let alone promoted to Cardinal-Archbishop of Washington?
After Ford’s identity became public, Grassley’s staff “contacted all the individuals she said attended the 1982 party described in the Washington Post article,” he said.
Ricki Seidman, a Democratic operative and former Clinton White House official who is now an advisor to Mrs. Ford, said in July (at roughly the same time as the letter was submitted) that she predicted a "strategy" forming to destroy Brett Kavanaugh.
Furthermore, President Trump’s efforts to get our European allies to increase their defense spending has a direct impact on Putin.
But hey, Hillary is free, right?
Who are excluded from the Act's purview?
Before forwarding them to the addressee, so as to handle things properly, I personally gave a copy of them to the Cardinal with an accompanying letter I had written.
We see Jim Comey and Jim Comey alone deciding which DOJ policies to follow and which to ignore, to decide whether there is sufficient evidence to support each and every element of an offense and we see Jim Comey and Jim Comey alone deciding whether to send a letter to Congress in the throes of looming election.”
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
MEK is the Iranian political-militant organization that advocates for the violent overthrow of the current Iranian regime.
Further, a Chilean judicial inquiry found all the victims who testified — including the letter’s author Juan Carlos — to be credible, and that there was a major cover-up of the abuse by Father Karadima.
Trump has said he would impose “severe” punishment if proof emerges that Saudi rulers sanctioned Khashoggi’s murder, but he has not said what that would entail.
The lead author of the study, Dr. Robert Epstein, has previously conducted research into what he calls the Search Engine Manipulation Effect (SEME).
And whatever the answer, it does not mean that the effort to empower Muslims who want to make the anti-jihadist Islamic vision possible should not be made.)
"I would have quickly picked someone else.
Yeah, and people are dying by the hundreds of thousands at the hands of drugs approved by the FDA, but I don't hear you guys calling to shut down the unconstitutional FDA or put Big Pharma out of business, does anyone else?
Even when a United Nations panel of experts in international law ruled in 2016 that Assange was being arbitrarily – and unlawfully – detained by the UK, Guardian writers led efforts to discredit the UN report.
It is not an insignificant quirk of modern history, and one that tells us much about the nature of the current pontificate, that houses of contemplatives are always attacked by secularist regimes, from Henry VIII to the Soviet Union.
WATCH: John Bolton Promises Room Full of ‘Former Terrorists’ the US Would ‘Overthrow’ Iran by 2019
Can't render, error
Of course [one could bless] two men or women who are de facto homosexual, and that it what happens in each Holy Mass which is being attended by them.
The Senate report focuses new scrutiny on the lengths President Obama’s team was willing to go to ensure the deal’s success as it was still being negotiated.
Faggioli’s argument demonstrates that neo-Catholicism has never been about making the authentic Faith more appealing to a “modern world” founded precisely on a rejection of the Church’s authority.
They were brothers of the episcopate.
In an article on the cardinal’s life’s work, Thomas Jansen, the editor-in-chief of Katholisch.de, recently noted that Walter Kasper could not possibly have done the damage he has without the direct assistance of both John Paul II and Pope Benedict.
Pope Francis Denounces “Murderous Indifference” To Persecution Of Christians, Of Which He Is A Chief Architect
There he is, manifestly happy and reading it out loud.
Awan’s father purchased “huge chunks of land from different farmers in 2008,” but all the checks bounced, the report said.
Kavanaugh Battle Brews
Yes, it was.
McFarland from her role as Deputy National Security Advisor and inserted Dina Habib-Powell, former Bush gatekeeper whose pals included Huma Abedin and Valerie Jarrett.
As He told Pontius Pilate at the time of His trial, “Thou shouldst not have any power against me, unless it were given thee from above” (John 19:10).
Ladies, you demand to be believed, no matter what.
“The laws are obsolete, the laws are horrible, having to do with the border, both in terms of security and in terms of taking care of people,” he said.
Secret Gun Control Agenda Revealed: “three day waiting period for everybody,” “small steps” to ban assault rifles; “I don’t think he can say it [be]cause he’s trying to get the moderates”
Attorneys for new Kavanaugh accusers Deborah Ramirez and Julie Swetnick have been approached by committee staff on eight and six occasions, respectively, Grassley said.
“Absolutely,” Pompeo said, smiling.
Smith says that Gillum is “a progressive” who is “a part of the crazy, crazy, crazies.”
Ravi Nair: The CAA 2019 is malicious obfuscation of straight forward issues related to asylum seekers and also depriving present Indian citizens of their citizenship through concomitant processes envisaged in the proposed National Register of Citizens (NRC) and the now imminent enumeration in the National Population Register (NPR). It seeks to initially deprive Muslims of citizenship and is violative of Article 15 (2) of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR), "No one shall be arbitrarily deprived of his nationality nor denied the right to change his nationality". India certainly needs a national refugee law in conformity with International Human Rights and Humanitarian Law. There have been non-official drafts submitted in the past thanks to the efforts two former Chief Justices of India, Justice P N Bhagwati and Justice J S Verma. Senior Advocate Rajeev Dhavan has played an important role in coordinating efforts in this direction. The Union Ministry of Home Affairs has chosen to ignore these excellent drafts. The present CAA amendment is violative of both Indian and International law and does not provide any relief for any genuine persecuted asylum seeker seeking refuge in India.
Men have been butchered like cattle, women abducted, virgins ravished, and children snatched from the arms of their parents.
Have you ever heard of a close election in which a recount and “found” ballots gave the Republican victory?
I was grateful for the opportunity to reinforce that with our seminarians this past weekend, and I look forward to continuing my work with the Office of Ministerial Standards and Safe Environment, and our Archdiocesan Review Board, in creating a culture in which no one need be afraid or reluctant to bring forth an allegation of misconduct.
The Iranian government I care for even less, but out of each of those, which one should America have dealt with militarily following 9-11?
Apparently, he was referring to the salacious, unverified dossier Hillary Clinton and the DNC paid rent-a-spy Christopher Steele to compile that purports to show Trump’s nefarious links to Russia.
New members come from Australia, Brazil, Ethiopia, India, the Netherlands and Tonga, "reflecting the global reach of the church and the challenge of creating safeguarding structures in diverse cultural context,” the Vatican said.
We are no longer Shocked, just fed up.
Two weeks after the trial began in early 1949, Pope Pius XII (having failed to speak out forcefully against the Third Reich) did summon the courage to condemn what was happening to Mindszenty.
Manafort held secret talks with Assange in Ecuadorian embassy, sources say ...
In 2015, students at Spring Hill Middle School in Spring Hill, Tennessee were forced as part of an assignment to write, “There is no god but Allah; Muhammad is his prophet.” Mother Joy Ellis remarked: “This is a seventh grade state standard, and will be on the TCAP.
"I don’t care who you are, determine the scope and the parameters of an investigation.
“They don’t work in counterintelligence,” said Meadows, who charged that the FBI gave the IG “false information” and altered key witness reports.
Arizona Democrat Senate Candidate Kyrsten Sinema Refuses To Retract Saying It’s OK For Americans To Join Taliban
And when questioned by lawmakers about the possibility of granting Iran any kind of access to the U.S. financial system, Obama-era officials never volunteered that the specific license for Bank Muscat in Oman had been issued two months earlier.
The voters we wanted to reach did end up having an influence in the end, most notably in Florida.
Likewise, when he claims that the Qur’an has “not a thing” to say about Sharia, he appears unaware that the Qur’an is one of the sources of Sharia.
As I show in my book The History of Jihad From Muhammad to ISIS , the great caliphates of history, from the immediate post-Muhammad period of the “Rightly Guided Caliphs” to the Umayyads, Abbasids, and Ottomans, as well as other Islamic states, all waged relentless jihad warfare against non-Muslims, subjugating them under the rule of Islamic law and denying them basic rights.
In addition, he appointed the Brazilian Ilson de Jesus Montanari — the great friend of his private Argentine secretary Fabian Pedacchio — as Secretary of the same Congregation for Bishops and Secretary of the College of Cardinals, promoting him in one single leap from a simple official of that department to Archbishop Secretary.
Why believe a terrorist, some responded.
In addition to his primary residence, Abid owned the house where his mother and stepfather lived, and moved in after his death, with Gilani becoming homeless.
With What the Qur’an Meant: And Why It Matters, religion author Garry Wills is here to reassure us:
The former Apostolic Nuncio to the United States has, as they say, doubled down.
These are nonnegotiable.”
Today I’ve received an interesting document issued by the Carmelite Order in Europe following a meeting of the “Federations of Discalced Carmelite Nuns of Europe & the Holy Land” in Avila, February 2009.
Nuncio Sambi’s report, with all the attachments, was sent to Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone, as Secretary of State.
Carballo continues his remarks, giving us a clue as to his feelings towards strictly cloistered, contemplative religious life: “A consecrated life, a life in God but inserted in the ecclesial family, in the church – inserted in the world.
Of the 145 arrested, 86 had criminal convictions; 39 were arrested based on previous immigration encounters, four of which have pending criminal charges; 20 had no prior immigration history or encounters, one has pending criminal charges.
Austrian diocese blesses gay couples on Valentine’s Day, makes reference to Amoris Laetitia
That’s almost three decades of silence — three decades when memories can grow cloudy and recollections can change.
When he got back into bed, the agonizing sound hit him again; as if, he told doctors, he had walked through some invisible wall cutting straight down the middle of his room.
§ 595, enacted as part of the original 1939 Hatch Act, prohibiting any public officer or employee, in connection with an activity financed wholly or in part by the United States, from using his or her official authority to interfere with or affect the nomination or election of a candidate for federal office including the president of the United States.
Establishment Republicans are racing for the exits.
An abused person wouldn’t do that.
This stealth proselytizing is nationwide.
Parent Steve Alsup added: “It seemed like half the truth to me, they didn’t talk about the extreme Islamics.” Kim Embry, a spokesperson for Walton County Public Schools, said revealingly: “We are teaching the same stuff that everyone else is teaching.”
Once Gillum is in, in another 2 years, other Republican Senators and Legislators will be on the ballot.
The documents to be declassified include all FBI reports on interviews with Justice Department official Bruce Ohr and all FBI reports of interviews prepared in connection with all other applications to surveil Carter Page.
There are no serious charges.
I've written on the Hammond's case in several articles, which you can view below.
During the speech he gave when he took possession of the Chicago See, at which I was present as a representative of the Pope, Cupich quipped that one certainly should not expect the new Archbishop to walk on water.
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 18, 2018
Likewise, the massive nationwide churning that the NRC will provoke, wherein one side is accorded a pre-existing legal advantage, will also yield a firmer sense of being a Hindu across the country, regardless of the substance of religious observance. If Hindu identity has hitherto been marked by family belonging, or a form of fluid religiosity, wherein faith extended beyond religious boundaries, it will now also be anchored in the experience of privilege in a bureaucratic process. Collective and individual insulation from dispossession, through a long-drawn, torturous process, becomes the agent for a sharply-defined religious identity, which is exactly the outcome the BJP wants.
Featured in this report is a campaign staffer who works on Andrew Gillum’s gubernatorial campaign.
“Hopefully Mexico will stop this onslaught at their Northern Border,” he added.
He also said he only gave the former senator the job because Sessions was a supporter during the 2016 presidential race.
Unleashing terrorists on Iran to overthrow its government is not only illegal and immoral: it’s also incredibly stupid.
Now [in the general] he’s going back to left of center.”
The gates of Hell will not prevail against the Church, as Our Lord promised.
In analyzing the highly anticipated OIG report’s conclusions, it is clear that either Mr. Horowitz himself decided to pull his punches or that the final version, which had been reviewed by upper echelons in both the FBI and Justice Department before its public release, emerged in a disappointingly watered-down form.
Given his tenure in Washington, Dallas and now Rome, I think no one can honestly believe him.
The amending forms, called “cure affidavits,” were due at 5 p.m on Nov. 5, the evening before Election Day, at the latest.
No, an accusation against a man who has been investigated by the FBI six times prior and has 75 women publicly vouching for his character is not going to stop this process.
In case North Korea failed to get the message, the second exercise is code-named ‘Maximum Thunder.’
“I think the president needs to watch carefully for the potential for something like the Gulf of Tonkin incident,” Col. Macgregor said.
Was the pandemic a boon?
Will Catholic laity pay attention and take action?
Hillary Clinton’s supporters will no doubt jump on the inspector general’s criticisms of Comey’s handling of the July 5th announcement and subsequent letters as proof that he improperly influenced the outcome of the election in President Trump’s favor, even if he did not do so deliberately for political reasons.
The letter also noted that the House Democratic Caucus server disappeared soon after the IG report named it as key evidence.
“We’ll highlight the differences in the way Hillary Clinton was prosecuted and how my client was prosecuted,” Daigle said.
“The incident involves a man who lives in Belltown, who neighbors said had been intimidating people for the past year – even staring-down customers through store-front windows with a gun holstered at his side.
"Kuwaiti Cleric Sheikh Jihad Al-‘Ayesh Denies the Holocaust and the Existence of Gas Chambers: How Big a Bakery Would You Need to Make 50,000 Loaves of Bread?,” MEMRI, May 26, 2018:
The Justice Ministry said in a brief statement issued Saturday that Barbieri’s extradition has been requested.
The average case fatality rate is around 50%.
The official said Becerra Chief of Staff Sean McCluskie apparently knew Abid was accessing Caucus servers.
You ain’t supporting shit nigga,” and then throws the drink in the face of a 16-year-old boy.
As Comey has admitted, several e-mail chains concerned matters that were classified at the Top Secret/Special Access Program level when they were sent and received by Clinton.
Burning trains and attacking the police force with molotov cocktail grenades, does not qualify as peaceful protests. Right to protest in a democracy does not give anyone the right to destroy public property. Dissent is fine, not descent. A few misguided students from Jamia Millia Islamia, JNU, Aligarh Muslim University etc, do not represent the larger student community and cannot be given a free run to attack democratic institutions under the guise of a protest.
Any attempt to do a deal with Julian to shut down WikiLeaks will no doubt be resisted.
Are they getting pressure from the United States or are there internal reasons why they want to keep Julian Assange quiet?
The sins and crimes of McCarrick, and of far too many others in the Church, bring suspicion and mistrust upon many good and virtuous priests, bishops, and cardinals, and suspicion and mistrust upon many great and respectable seminaries and so many holy and faithful seminarians.
How fortuitous and revelatory that McCarrick, the Molester would divulge his personal role in the pre-Conclave lobbying effort to elect Jorge Bergoglio as Pope.
Saucier’s lawyer, Ronald Daigle, told Fox News on Monday that the lawsuit, which he expects to file soon in Manhattan, will name the U.S. Department of Justice, former FBI Director James Comey and former President Barack Obama as defendants, among others.
The NHS in the UK has actually gone to court, and won, declaring that they must retain the right to kill patients who fail the Bioethics test.
The First Amendment, approved four years later, aimed at ensuring that the press would be free of government interference.
“We've been trying to investigate other allegations,” Grassley said.
US Marines instal wire along the primary border wall at the port of entry next to Tijuana in San Ysidro, San Diego.🇺🇸 pic.twitter.com/aX0bznl2bm — The Real Lonnieღ IV (@lonnieloveiv) November 13, 2018
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Yet no two people are more responsible for the blunders of the post-Cold War era than McCain and Bush.
“A welcome and much-needed book that will help bishops, priests, pastoral associates, and all church leaders more compassionately minister to the LGBT community.
“[AAA] should have talked to him beforehand especially because comedy is known for being ground-breaking and for pushing boundaries.”
Tom Wells, author of the exhaustive exposé “The War Within: America’s Battle Over Vietnam ,” explained the media egregiously erred in “almost exclusive reliance on U.S. government officials as sources of information” and “reluctance to question official pronouncements on ‘national security issues.’”
Nor was he removed from places of influence.
The Best of Eric Margolis
These absurd responses to serious questions of grave import have raised the inescapable suspicion that Benedict simply did not take the papacy as seriously as the rest of us did.
Richard’s hat appeared to be gone for good until the video of the incident went viral and he received a new MAGA hat signed by the president himself, reported The Daily Wire.
“There are possibilities that [Imran] or them might have been selling [House] information,” he added.
That might not be a precise parallel, but if Julian Assange is allowed to literally go under, it represents the conquest of all of us.
He’s still in DC tomorrow and would like to meet with you if you are in DC in the afternoon.
It beggars belief of ordinary people that, after so many years of hearing and reading them, Ratzinger would remain on such friendly terms with men like Walter Kasper and Carlo Maria Martini, the alleged brains of the Sankt Gallen Mafia.
171 have died of the disease so far.
What size of bakery would you need to make 10,000 loaves of bread?… What if you wanted to make 50,000 loaves of bread an hour?
In doing so, he put other seminarians at risk.
NEW VERITAS: FL Gov Candidate Staffer Who Went to College with Gillum: "Not for voters to know" programs won't happen, “Modern day fairy tales start with once I am elected” Florida is a "F***ed up" "cracker state" FULL REPORT: https://t.co/fjmYBsb30k pic.twitter.com/IIGkqzMfbr — PVeritas Action (@PVeritas_Action) November 1, 2018
RT reports: To get there, migrants will have to travel some 1,700 miles (2,735km) to the northwest, a much longer route than to the nearest US border crossing at McAllen, Texas, which many consider to be the safest option.
Scio Cui credidi
These aliens are evaluated on a case-by-case basis, and, when appropriate, they are arrested by ICE officers.
Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.?
Here’s The Federalist’s Mollie Hemingway explaining:
Churchill, Hitler, and... Patrick J. Buchanan Best Price: $6.20 Buy New $6.00 (as of 12:40 EDT - Details)
But black leaders have gotten away with playing that game with Farrakhan repeatedly.
2 – Powell’s organization joined with the Clinton Global Initiative for globalist giving projects.
In August 2017, Imran and Hina were charged with four felony counts for gathering up money under allegedly false circumstances before wiring $300,000 to Pakistan in January.
As the new dispensation’s foremost theologian, St. Paul would declare, the old penalty remained very much in force: “Almost all things, according to the law, are cleansed with blood: and without the shedding of blood there is no remission.” It is still “appointed for men once to die, and after this the judgment” (Heb.
This article was first written to address the neo-Catholic commentator Massimo Faggioli’s attempt , following the Pennsylvania grand jury report and the fall of ex-Cardinal Theodore McCarrick, to minimize the homosexual crisis in the Church and blunt the correlative rise of what he derides as “neo-traditionalism.” As my piece was about to go to press, however, EWTN’s National Catholic Register broke the explosive story on the written testimony of Archbishop Carlo Maria Viganò , former apostolic nuncio to the United States (2011 to 2016).
At the same time, according to military planning documents, the majority of the crowd might dissolve along their long journey to the US.
Some have suggested that the nationwide NRC will be different from the NRC in Assam. As argued by Shoaib Daniyal, everyone in Assam had to submit an application to be included in the NRC. The NRC was published and those who were excluded could appeal by providing further documentation. The nationwide NRC will on the contrary, specialists say, will be based on the National Population Register (NPR) that is compiled by a house to house enumeration – after a which a list of doubtful citizens will be prepared, who can then take part in a “claims and objections” process.
The ex-Goldman Sachs executive has befriended Obama’s closest adviser, Valerie Jarrett.
Thereafter, the canvassing board shall report, with the exception of provisional ballot results, updated precinct election results to the department at least every 45 minutes until all results are completely reported.”
These are those that sit behind the status of some sort of church or political leader of the pack.
How inconvenient that a global homosexual clergy predation scandal is erupting at a time when Francis wants the Synod to minimize that nagging and unmerciful Catholic catechism doctrine of homosexuality as “intrinsically disordered” by exploiting the naive views of the youth at the Synod.
You may opt out at anytime.
The New Yorker has just published an article written by Ronan Farrow and Jane Mayer, based on information that was reportedly sent to at least four Democratic senators.
Gillum campaign makes promises it knows it can’t keep
Seven years ago, in Sydney, I arranged to meet a prominent Liberal Member of the Federal Parliament, Malcolm Turnbull.
Julian could leave the embassy if his own government, the government of his homeland, Australia, applied legitimate diplomatic pressure on behalf of its citizen.
So is the pope intransigent on Barros?
This has to also involve, as Gorka urges, “a nationwide program of education that includes the armed services as well as federal, state, and local police forces and the intelligence community.”
At a very minimum, they should have sought out a response from Assange and Manafort before publication.
The government actively destroyed his life an made it all but impossible for his family to get back on track.
Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller
The first letter informed Congress that agents were reopening their probe into Clinton’s handling of classified material after discovering her e-mails on the laptop of Andrew Weiner, the husband of Clinton’s top aide Huma Abedin.
You lied to me, didn’t you?
The six-page letter says:
But Mr Salama said that 13 countries in the region were boosting border screening measures and said DR Congo itself was increasing exit screening measures.
Keith, you're lying.
North Korea was right on target when it accused arch-neocon John Bolton of trying to sabotage the peace deal.
A Ruptly video shows hundreds of people getting on trains in Mexico subway, and boarding heavy trucks or buses somewhere outside the city.
At the same time, Gainer released the names of 71 clergy and seminarians who've been credibly accused of sexual misconduct involving children dating back to 1947, apologized on behalf of the diocese and himself, waived any confidentiality agreements abuse survivors may have signed in legal settlements with the diocese, and released new guidelines for protecting children in the church.
WHO said there should not be restrictions on international travel or trade.
But I do know this, and I make this my last point and last promise, for the Diocese of Madison: “As for me and my household, we will serve the Lord.”
His long article in L’Osservatore Romano, in which he came out in favor of the more controversial aspects of Amoris Laetitia, represents his surrender.
They are all one.
What possible motive would the Ecuadorean government have for facilitating secret unrecorded visits by Paul Manafort?
In speaking of the influx of Muslim migrants into Europe, Orban sees it as destroying the culture of Europe and referred to it as an “immigrant zone, a mixed population world that heads in a direction different from ours.”
take our poll - story continues below
G1-level storms, such as Monday’s, may affect migratory animals, and can cause “weak power grid fluctuations.” The barrage of particles may even have a minor impact on satellites.
That was Turnbull before he became prime minister.
Critics questioned whether the Saudi rulers, who preside over an authoritarian regime that allows little opposition, can be relied on to conduct a credible probe into Khashoggi’s fate — especially without decisive pressure from their close ally, the Trump administration.
In turn, I repeated them to Cardinal McCarrick at my first meeting with him at the Nunciature.
“The Caucus Chief of Staff requested one of the shared employees to not provide IT services or access their computers,” it read.
It is to pursue a fruitless and chimerical “dialogue” that bishops in the U.S. and Europe keep silent about Muslim persecution of Christians, and enforce that silence upon others.
Any other problems?
In the next paragraph, Murillo wrote that this election result hurt her badly.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Los Angeles Times
Except whenever he pleases, as we have seen again and again with the conservative bishops and even Cardinals (Burke and Müller) he has sacked because their conservatism offended him or one of his friends, prompting even Crux to ask: “Does Pope Francis have an enemies list?” Then again, Francis even obtained the removal of his own “trusted counselor” McCarrick from the College of Cardinals, albeit only when forced to act due to worldwide condemnation in the media.
And lest you think this is about the nuclear deal.
His hands were covered in blood.
As I've said before, I don't support Kavanaugh's appointment to the Supreme Court on the grounds of lack of constitutional rulings, but that attack on him was orchestrated, it was political and Ford was a part of it.
You may opt out at anytime.
“You should have taken the settlement.
You may opt out at anytime.
I can only conclude by making my own these closing words of Archbishop Viganò:
The supernatural dimension of the punishment as an agent for the spiritual good of both society and the criminal is furthermore not only not addressed, but treated as non-existent.
"I worry about this country.
I'm not a fan of Senator Lindsey Graham (R-SC), and he's my senator, but I have to tell you that he was right on point on Thursday when he berated Senate Democrats in their relentless assault on Judge Brett Kavanaugh while at the same time believing every word of Dr. Christine Ford without any evidence.
Contrary to what you might believe about Jimenez… he is/was NOT a Democrat!
They took down, packed up and hid the art treasures, some of the greatest in the world.
And those who collaborate with illegal alien gang members should face the consequences.
As an answer, they were told that the Diocese intends to talk with the concerned priests, but that this matter needs to be addressed among the German bishops in general, such as in the German Bishops' Conference.
In fact, everything submitted has refuted her claims, from sworn statements by those she claims were there to Kavanaugh's calendar to character statements by dozens of women who have known him since high school to those he has worked with in DC.
Now there's once again talk of moving Dina Powell in.
Her actions were quite clearly illegal, though she claimed that she had cleared her actions with lawyers beforehand, And now, a member of the #Resistance may actually end up fighting obstruction of justice charges.
Given this incredible picture of a Carmelite Order in the last rattle of its death throes, the rest of the summaries of speeches given at the meeting in Avila read as outright surreal, leaving us to wonder if any of these people are attached in any way to reality.
In Newly Obtained Memo, Congress’ Top Cop Said House Democratic Caucus Server VANISHED https://t.co/gTj2UgSZJr via @dailycaller — Luke Rosiak (@lukerosiak) July 2, 2018
But in my new book The History of Jihad From Muhammad to ISIS , I detail what happened next.
I first reported that 3-D guns were for real back in July of 2012, when an internet gunsmith by the name of "Have Blue" produced an AR style pistol that fired both .22 and .223 caliber bullets.
British member Peter Saunders, a former victim of priestly abuse, was ousted in 2016.
The government needs to stop cooperating with, and listening to, Muslim Brotherhood front groups such as CAIR and ISNA immediately.
* Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker
“Weighing the Allegations against Brett Kavanaugh,” by David French, National Review, September 16, 2018:
Julio Grassi in Buenos Aires, his reinstatement of Fr.
Either the human element of the Church will act according to the means which seem possible, however extraordinary, or Heaven itself will intervene in a manner that might well involve a divine chastisement due to the negligence of time-serving pastors who left their sheep completely undefended against the wolves who preyed upon them, including the wolf the cardinals improvidently elected Pope.
The attack took place in a Whataburger restaurant, and the corporation was quick to condemn the man’s actions:
One Mexican citizen had convictions for unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor and a conviction for driving under the influence (DUI), and had been deported in 2003.
When I was covering the scandal in the early 2000s, I spoke to several, unconnected heterosexual men — priests, former priests, seminarians — who said that gay seminary rectors or diocesan officials encouraged them to take female sexual partners, so that they too would be complicit in sexual secret-keeping, and therefore no longer [be] a potential danger.
Dina Habib Powell is a deep part of the Republican establishment.
It was also apparently evidence of the paper’s clickbait tendencies:
All Democrats fault for weak laws!
The Herald asks the obvious question: “[I]f Cardinal Wuerl was unaware of the sanctions, and unaware of the reason for them, why did he ask no questions of the nuncio regarding the reason for his demand?” The question answers itself, and Viganò’s testimony on this critical point stands confirmed by Wuerl’s own spokesman.
The stepmother, Samina Gilani, also claimed in 2017 that Abid’s brother Imran Awan held her in “captivity” and wiretapped and extorted her, weeks after the House Office of Inspector General separately alleged that they made “unauthorized access” to congressmen’s data.
In abandoning Assange, an Australian citizen, and colluding in his persecution, Prime Minister Gillard’s outrageous behaviour forced the issue of his recognition, under international law, as a political refugee whose life was at risk.
And because they didn't care.
Both of you, before I get to Victoria, Sara and John, you both in your pieces said 5,000 documents.
We are to “have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them” (Ephesians 5:11).
How do you respond to journalists acting like prosecutors, some of whom used his material to do stories?
CARTER: It is.
"The Russian Witch Hunt Hoax continues, all because Jeff Sessions didn't tell me he was going to recuse himself," Trump tweeted Tuesday.
Also read: These are Some of the Refugees that India’s CAA Is Turning Its Back On
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
“John is someone who understands the danger of Iran viscerally, and knows that you’re never going to fundamentally change its behavior—and the threats against Israel and the Saudis especially—until that revolutionary regime is gone,” the source said, adding that “nothing’s off the table right now if Israel is attacked.”
Prosecutors drop charges against his wife.
John Allen’s instant analysis attempting to impeach Viganò’s testimony is, as one would expect from him, a bit craftier.
This suggestion was rejected, to the annoyance of Maccise.
They're all crazy in Europe.
The Iranians also operate a global network of jihad terror organizations, one of which, Hizballah, is quite active in Mexico now, with the obvious ultimate intention of crossing the border and committing jihad massacres of Americans.
China and the US are considered strategic rivals for influence in Asia, but conduct hundreds of billions of dollars of annual trade with each other.
After he left the Legion, Kevin Farrell joined the diocesan clergy in Washington DC and became a protégé of the archbishop, Cardinal Wuerl.
In contrast, President Trump issued a statement claiming that “Ramadan reminds us of the richness Muslims add to the religious tapestry of American life.”
Meanwhile, those bishops who didn’t approve of his actions knew the culture – both within the Church and without her – were against them.
Former Speaker of the House, Newt Gingrich, concurred with Hemingway arguing that by any standard Trump has been far tougher on Russia than Obama was.
Months later WikiLeaks released a stash of Democratic emails stolen by Russian intelligence officers.
He rejected Swetnick’s allegations as “another beauty” and described Avenatti as a “con artist.”
I am watching the Democrat Party led (because they want Open Borders and existing weak laws) assault on our country by Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador, whose leaders are doing little to stop this large flow of people, INCLUDING MANY CRIMINALS, from entering Mexico to U.S….. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 18, 2018
The Archbishop reveals, as already noted, that Pope Benedict imposed sanctions on McCarrick under which he “was to leave the seminary where he was living, he was forbidden to celebrate [Mass] in public, to participate in public meetings, to give lectures, to travel, with the obligation of dedicating himself to a life of prayer and penance.” Viganò further reveals that those sanctions were communicated to McCarrick by then Apostolic Nuncio to the United States, Pietro Sambi, but were also repeated by Viganò himself when he succeeded Sambi as Nuncio:
I think a fair question for the Faithful to ask this Vatican department might be, “According to what specific criteria is a monastery’s ‘usefulness’ actually determined?”
pic.twitter.com/fOlIQNF5pW — Sec.
Given that 36 years have passed since the incident, and the accuser’s memory is so hazy and short on coherent details, the FBI has nothing to investigate.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
With this story, it has done what it regularly does when supposedly vital western foreign policy interests are at stake – it simply regurgitates an elite-serving, western narrative.
no longer possesses a real autonomy of life , it is the responsibility of the Federation President to report the matter to the Holy See.
Neither the Democrat leadership nor the Democrat base cares that she married her brother.
Here’s the crux of Greenwald’s argument:
Now we can, at least, finally stop pretending that everything is just dandy under the New Paradigm of Merciful Conciliar Wonderfulness.
When I did at least okay enough at the hearings that it looked like I might actually get confirmed, a new tactic was needed.
The judge described Julian’s circumstances as if he were on some sort of extended vacation.
We are doing just fine!”
Several representatives were curious about two FBI agents and one lawyer the IG report had not named.
-2.3% Not in labor force 11,437 12,095 658 5.8% Native born, 16 years and older Civilian population 201,852 202,965 1,113 0.6% Civilian labor force 129,656 129,196 -460 -0.4% Participation rate (%) 64.2% 63.7% -0.5%pt.
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
The campaign to discredit Archbishop Viganò began instantaneously on the Catholic left wing.
Definitive permission came at the 25th of February.
Patrick J. Buchanan is the author of “The Greatest Comeback: How Richard Nixon Rose From Defeat to Create the New Majority.
That said it all.
Trump, however, said that the number might be increased to 15,000 active US personnel if the initial contingent is not enough.
Hence the Constitutional order must be subverted by the Supreme Court and its unaccountable justices enjoying lifelong tenure.
Can the shield not be made available to a Hindu resident of Chikmagalur in Karnataka, or Chanderi in Madhya Pradesh, or Kozhikode in Kerala?
Jabari, the military commander of Hamas, was allegedly responsible for, or instrumental in, multiples terrorist attacks on Israeli civilians and military personnel since the 1990s.
* Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker
As New Ways Ministry knows from over 40 years of pastoral work with the LGBT community, LGBT Catholics have a deep spirituality, often forged by remarkable journeys overcoming rejection, alienation, and marginalization.
Without a regime change, the United States will continue face threats from Iranian forces stationed throughout the region, including in Iraq, Yemen, Syria, and Lebanon.
0.16% Employed 127,117 128,924 1,807 1.42% Employment/population % 59.6 60.0 0.4 pts.
Video was also captured showing dozens of people waiting for trains in Mexico subway or boarding heavy trucks or buses somewhere outside the city while others are seen using cars.
Cardinals Leonardo Sandri, Fernando Filoni and Angelo Becciu, as Substitutes of the Secretariat of State, knew in every detail the situation regarding Cardinal McCarrick.
The documentation of it is a bit lengthy but provides that it was a willful fake.
He claimed Thursday — without providing evidence — that Democrats are backing the human movement to bolster their case for “open borders and existing weak laws.”
On the eve of a historic Supreme Court confirmation hearing, two more women have materialized out of thin air to accuse President Trump’s high court nominee Brett Kavanaugh of sexual improprieties – bringing the total number of accusers to four.
Ambassador John Bolton.
What does the Citizenship Amendment Act, 1955 say?
Pope Francis announced in the Pre-Synodal meeting that the Church will be listening to all the young people and that “no one will be excluded.” That’s code language that the Pope will be “dialoging” and “accompanying” and “hearing” the pro-LBGT agenda.
YUMA, Ariz. – Yuma Sector Border Patrol agents arrested a gang member belonging to the Mara Salvatrucha-503 Gang early Monday morning.
It is important to continue to protect the interests of our Federation in the most responsible and careful way, so that all the sisters, even those advanced in years, can continue to live their life in Carmel.
Homeschooling rates are skyrocketing as parents are continually getting more and more upset at the leftist social engineering taking place in public schools.
Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller
“I felt that it was my duty to share the information,” Schaaf said.
McCarrick frequently went to Rome and made friends everywhere, at all levels of the Curia.
The behavior and the objectives of the regime are not going to change, and therefore the only solution is to change the regime itself.
This reminds me of when I gave a prayer at the state capital in Minnesota.
Also on Sunday, media-savvy sleazeball lawyer Michael Avenatti, who represents porn star Stormy Daniels, tweeted that he represents another woman who plans to accuse Kavanaugh of something.
That wrong section of the sky is where he observed a nebula that became the first entry in the catalog: M1, also known as the Crab Nebula.
Home minister Amit Shah has said that the measure has the endorsement of over a billion Indians as it was always a part of the BJP manifesto, both in the General Elections in 2014 and 2019. The Act does not discriminate against anyone and does not snatch anyone's rights and that is precisely the reason the BJP-led Modi government stormed to power with a brute majority, in two successive Lok Sabha elections.
US investigators are looking into whether the employee in China has been affected by a "sonic attack", which was one of the theories behind the still-unexplained illnesses suffered in Havana.
According to Politico, the DOS released affidavits on Tuesday, which demonstrate that four different counties said the ballots could be returned by 5 p.m on Thursday, Nov. 8, past the official due date.
We’re at least clear-eyed enough to recognize true evil at work in the world, even if we can no longer see the great Good hidden behind the veil.
Because, when Trump’s Russia policies are measured against Obama’s… it becomes CLEAR that Trump has obviously been tougher against Russia than Obama ever was.
Penkoksi called the principal again and confronted Hinson over the phone.
To this day, the area where Sodom and Gomorrah were located remains a desolate wasteland.
Trump Orders Declassification Of ‘Russian Probe’ Documents, Including Texts
Hadeed withdrew earlier allegations of fraud and asked the judge to try the case based solely on interpretation of contract language.
His accusers were then thrown into the den and devoured by the very lions that they meant to have devoured Daniel (Daniel 6).
On Aug. 17, a Pennsylvania grand jury report, based on hidden archives of the U.S. church, named 301 priests from the state as credibly accused child sex abusers and accused church leaders of a systematic cover-up of their crimes.
In his letter, Francis repeated a famous 2005 quote by his predecessor Benedict XVI, who, a month before being elected pope, lamented “how much filth” there was in the Catholic Church.
These show that party bureaucrats sought to rig the primaries to make sure Clinton’s challenger for the Democratic nomination, Bernie Sanders, lost.
No, he will not be confirmed.
Shifting the burden of proof to the gun owner.
Deterrence from evil is not the primary purpose of meting out punishment in any case, yet Scripture attests to deterrence as an important side effect of any penalty.
It was unclear at press time if the public hearing scheduled for Monday into the allegations of sexual misconduct against Kavanaugh would go forward.
In support of this thesis, Cupich “oddly” made reference to the results of research carried out at the height of the sexual abuse of minors crisis in the early 2000s, while he “candidly” ignored that the results of that investigation were totally denied by the subsequent Independent Reports by the John Jay College of Criminal Justice in 2004 and 2011, which concluded that, in cases of sexual abuse, 81% of the victims were male.
Congress must investigate and act.
Well, Senator Flake has given the Democrats what they wanted and you can bet that they are still going to vote pretty much on party lines concerning Kavanaugh.
The hijabed (and therefore pro-Sharia) Ilhan Omar, meanwhile, is even more hateful than Tlaib.
“Anonymous letters with no name and no return address are now being treated as national news.” Taking a shot at Stormy Daniels attorney Michael Avenatti, Hatch said “porn star lawyers with facially implausible claims are driving the news cycle.”
Democratic Illinois Rep. Danny Davis defended Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan as an “outstanding human being” on Monday.
We invite the sisters of other Carmelite convents friends to our formation courses: sisters from Albania, Slovenia and Bulgaria.
By Marton Dunai
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
But what, Mr. Farage, are we to think about the Muslims who consider themselves and their religion to be at war with us?
It wasn’t even aimed at a balanced cross-section of subgroups.
Kavanaugh “immediately submitted to an interview under penalty of felony for any knowingly false statements.
Encourage the development of curricula and training for physicians with a focus on suicide risk assessment and prevention as well as lethal means safety counseling.
Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court?
5 – Powell was a featured speaker at a Clinton Global Initiative event alongside Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton’s former campaign chief, John Podesta.
Rush Limbaugh points out that the Senate has bent over backwards to accommodate the accuser.
One such fugitive is a documented gang member whose “accumulated criminal convictions in California... have resulted in more than 15 years of prison sentencings” and who had previously been removed by ICE four times.
Then Benedict allowed him to remain a cardinal.
We sat down and he’s a very brilliant man, very influential in Rome and said he had a favor to ask of me back home in the U.S., but then he said:”
None of these statements can be backed up by facts.
It attached the email the Guardian's Luke Harding had send.
It's no wonder the establishment is viewed with such derision.
"The Obama administration misled the American people and Congress because they were desperate to get a deal with Iran," said Sen.
Article 94 requires that once it is canonically erected the federation is to seek “legal recognition also in the civil sphere.” This, presumably, will bear upon legal disputes in civil courts over the property of suppressed monasteries.
I am not going to say a word about this.
He made it clear that he’s interested in the idea of appointing Powell to the position, they said, though he has also talked to other candidates.
It is time that Congress sure up things so that America's tax dollars are not bound up in a worthless judicial process when people are clearly in the country illegally.
Fifth – a combination of the above.”
Caught on video: Gillum staffer makes racist statements and admits campaign is lying to voters
Such wickedness should be hated with a perfect hatred.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Republicans have pointed to embattled Broward Elections chief Brenda Snipes’ record of past election gaffes in arguing that the largely Democratic country is tilted against them — perhaps fraudulently so.
Wait until Dr. Ford feels that she can come before the committee.” Ford doesn’t “feel” like she can testify on Monday because she’s afraid of flying, despite offers from the Committee to travel to her in California.
The answer is that this is all a ruse to block Judge Kavanaugh's confirmation by all means necessary.
"And I don’t want to go around insulting people.
The Pope’s claim that he had never received any victim testimony regarding the complicity of Chilean Bishop Juan Barros in child sex abuse has proven to be false.
Benedict IX, after the death of Clement, claimed the papacy again!
What do you have to fall back on?”
As that most American of writers, Thomas Wolfe, put it, "You can't go home again."
At one point, one organizer told Patel he was being disrespectful.
The case of #WalkAway leader Brandon Straka is especially disturbing: he was recently banned by Facebook for the crime of announcing that he would be interviewed by Alex Jones.
Looking ahead to the future, no effort must be spared to create a culture able to prevent such situations from happening, but also to prevent the possibility of their being covered up and perpetuated,” he added.
Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back?
Soldiers spread out barbed wire along the Rio Grande in south Texas.
He is currently facing federal criminal charges for illegally re-entering the United States after having been deported.
It’s not that Mitchell did a bad job creating an inventory of the irregularities in the process and of the odd behavior of Ford and her lawyers.
If a synod was able to declare the deposition of a pope in 1046, why not an imperfect council today—or, for that matter, another synod?
The authors were the Cyber Counter-intelligence Assessments Branch of the U.S. Defence Department.
This is to keep you very close to God.
We respectfully ask President Trump to pardon Dwight and Steven Hammond.
They all comprise the old tactic of serially escalating demands that cannot be satisfied in order to compel your enemy to give in.
Manafort asserts that his lawyers had notified the Guardian that the story was false before the Guardian 'proceeded with the story'.
But that raises the next question; if Ratzinger knew so well what kind of creature Kasper was, why wasn’t the next step to pitch him out of the episcopate on his ear?
It also looks like whoever sent out the cure affidavits physically changed the due date to say Nov. 8, instead of Nov. 6.
Peradventure there be fifty righteous within the city: wilt thou also destroy and not spare the place for the fifty righteous that are therein?
In a letter addressed to Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Charles Grassley (R-Iowa) and Senator Feinstein, 65 women who said they knew Judge Kavanaugh in high school vouched for his character:
Ford didn’t report it to anyone for decades and isn’t even certain when or where it happened, so the FBI can’t investigate the matter “because there is nothing to investigate.”
They would be the primary victims.
The Obama administration approached two U.S. banks to facilitate the conversion, the report said, but both refused, citing the reputational risk of doing business with or for Iran.
Soros, for his part, compared Orban unfavourably to both the Nazis and the Communists, saying his rule evoked dark tones from the 1930's -- when Hungary was allied with Nazi Germany -- and was more oppressive than Cold War Soviet occupation.
No wonder the Democrats tried to squirrel these jihad spies out of the country.
It’s kinda hard.’ #understatement.
Solemnly professed: 73
A source familiar with the confirmation proceedings told Fox News that Feinstein received the letter back in July, but did not make its existence known publicly until Thursday.
JP: Julian is a very principled individual.
These geniuses also "Support Enactment of Comprehensive Background Checks, Ban the Sale of Bump Stocks and Related Devices and Prevent the Arming of Teachers in Schools."
pic.twitter.com/eGyzwyXDw9 — Sec.
Ebola virus disease, formerly known as Ebola haemorrhagic fever, is a severe, often fatal illness in humans.
But we worked for ossified bureaucracies incapable of acting quickly and decisively.
It has to be one state.
Should I call??
Any government would have reacted to this. Imagine a scene when Indians are called termites by political leaders of another country, be it in Europe, Asia or America. Granted that Shah was referring to illegal migrants, but whether legal or illegal, such a term used against any Indian, even if the person had entered a country illegally, would have led to a public backlash in India. The government, too, would have reacted angrily to such a description. And in today’s environment of hyper-nationalism, there would be demonstrations in front of the embassy of that country.
Indeed, Comey admitted in his book that “we started the Clinton investigation aware that it was unlikely to be a case that career prosecutors at the Department of Justice would prosecute.”
Trump knew perfectly well that he could not destroy all of North Korea’s deeply buried nuclear-armed missiles, and, in spite of his huffing and puffing, had no stomach for an invasion of North Korea that could cost the US an estimated 250,000 casualties.
“Can you fix a bathroom pipe?
Circuit Court of Appeals later reversed the decision, resentencing the men to 5 years apiece (a move the White House statement called "unjust").
- I proposed that an exemplary measure be taken against the Cardinal that could have a medicinal function, to prevent future abuses against innocent victims and alleviate the very serious scandal for the faithful, who despite everything continued to love and believe in the Church.
He then quotes Romans 13: 1-7
For he is the minister of God: and avenger to execute wrath upon him that doth evil (Rom.
4 – Powell’s Goldman Sachs group worked with Hillary Clinton’s State Department in a project announced by Clinton.
Even if printers are registered with the government, what is going to stop gangs from stealing them?
ICE Deputy Director Thomas Homan said in a statement Tuesday,
The challenge to grow in confidence and communion should lead us to downgrade the famous and untouchable autonomy because, to a daughter of Saint Teresa, the really important thing is to look for HIM and to live in obedience.
I was never discredited at all.” Christine Blasey Ford, a psychology professor at Palo Alto University, has accused the Supreme Court nominee of sexually assaulting her when they were in high school in Maryland.
In formation: ....
This is the programme:
take our poll - story continues below
We want them to correct the wrong.”
Considering the physical safety of society as the only real reason for executing a criminal, he feels the death penalty can now be safely discarded, allegedly on the grounds that we now have at our disposal many better ways of protecting people from him.
Follow him on Twitter here.
As the Austrian Catholic website Kath.net writes, Harant must be quoting here AL 250.
One aspect of Pope Francis’ character that seems little-explored by the Catholic and secular media alike is his apparent disdain for contemplative religious life – a facet of Catholic life that could be described as the most purely religious of all the Church’s undertakings.
There is nothing worse than when a person who doesn’t know what they are talking about tries to tell you what the truth is.
I was looking this morning at a report by Media Lens in Britain describing how the British press has reported on Julian Assange.
Accuser number two is Deborah Ramirez, 53, who went public with her claims in a New Yorker magazine article Sunday.
A house that could prove to the secularists that it was “useful” – that it could care for the indigent elderly, teach children or nurse the sick – would be allowed to continue.
The propaganda function of the piece is patent.
If you think Mrs. Ford is ignorant of this considering her father works for the Central Intelligence Agency and her prior criminal political activism, then you aren't thinking clearly.
On Wednesday, Bishop Ronald Gainer of the Catholic diocese of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, ordered that the names of all previous Harrisburg bishops from the past seven decades be removed from church buildings and rooms, because they collectively failed to protect children from dozens of predators priests and other Catholic leaders.
As the magnetic fields in a sunspot cross, NASA stated, this can cause a sudden energy explosion, also known as a solar flare.
#Gaza #Palestine #Israel.” Challenged about this tweet much more recently, she doubled down and attacked the man who called attention to the tweet: “Drawing attention to the apartheid Israeli regime is far from hating Jews.
Judicial Watch Senior Investigator Bill Marshall remarked: “Citizens of Newton have been waging a minor war with school officials for years now, trying to get them to use balanced curriculum in their teaching materials on the subject of Islam and the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.” Dr. Bill Saxton, chairman of Citizens for National Security, said that the assignment was a “purposeful attempt to indoctrinate our impressionable high-schoolers with the ‘virtues’ of Islam at the expense of Christianity, Judaism and other religions.”
Many commentators have drawn parallels between Ford and Anita Hill, who in 1991 accused then-Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas of sexual improprieties.
Decades ago, the U.S. and “civilized world” had nothing but high praise for the courageous Mindszenty.
Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
She’s been one of the most powerful women in two Republican administrations.
Fox News also reported that Sinema “promoted events at Arizona State University featuring a lawyer convicted for aiding an Islamist terror organization and its leader.
-0.16% Unemployed 1,025 837 -188 -18.34% Unemployment rate (%) 3.8 3.0 -0.8 pts.
For my part — and I know I am not alone — I am tired of this.
While most readers with functional critical thinking capacity may readily dismiss the Guardian’s smear on its face, the fact that the Guardian published this piece, and that Luke Harding is still operating with even the tiniest modicum of respect as a journalist despite his history of deceit, tells us something bone-chilling about journalism.
Among the strategies was the creation of a voter tracking database using smart phones.
More than 11,300 people died and some 28,600 were infected, most of them in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia.
Again, this will do nothing to stop criminals with guns.
I wrote about the murder of Sarah Halimi last year.
I know that looking at these documents following the money, following the money is what’s important here.
The Left’s continuing success in delaying a confirmation vote on Judge Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court reveals its malicious agenda to block the nominee from sitting on the high court when its new term begins Monday, October 1.
…In the year [2017] to the third quarter, wage and salary growth for the likes of factory workers, builders and drivers easily outstripped that for professionals and managers.
[6] “justice and beneficence” are considered on behalf of the community, not the patient
Of course not.
Article posted with permission from Sons Of Liberty Media
The February mass shooting at a high school in Parkland, Florida prompted many parents to consider homeschooling.
The truth is that the Guardian has not erred in this latest story attacking Assange, or in its much longer-running campaign to vilify him.
And no “nexus of terrorism,” according to Sean Ragan.
There is a certain comfort level with sin that has come to pervade our teaching, our preaching, our decision making, and our very way of living.
And there are so many important things that they are involved with that we care about, whether it’s Syria, Ukraine, North Korea or nuclear arms.
But do not say sin is okay.
And, of course, finally they came for him.
Hadeed said three different signatures from Abid on financial documents did not match, and put a defiant Abid on the witness stand.
"At that time, he had some things, I thought, he had to offer."
Christine Blasey Ford claims, according to the Washington Post article, that “one summer in the early 1980s, Kavanaugh and a friend — both ‘stumbling drunk,’ Ford alleges — corralled her into a bedroom during a gathering of teenagers at a house in Montgomery County.
These incidents tend to occur on college campuses.
Number one is justice.
According to the National Weather Service, Hurricane Maria made landfall in Puerto Rico with winds up to 155 mph.
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Remember our saying, modern day fairy tales start with ‘once I am elected.
United States military and border protection agents have been erecting barricades with razor wire at the point of entry near San Diego, California, as the first groups of migrants arrived at the US-Mexico border.
Silence at best is the price it must pay for remaining in good standing with the pro-homosexual bishop Francis has installed in San Diego.)
Twitter also lashed out at him for quoting directly from Islamic religious texts, citing its anti-“hate” policies.
By effecting these immigration enforcement operations, the dedicated men and women of ICE help keep our communities safe.”
“On February 24, 2016, OFAC issued a specific license to Bank Muscat authorizing Iranian assets worth roughly $5.7 billion to flow through the U.S. financial system,” according to the Senate report, which claims the move was made “even though U.S. sanctions prohibited it.”
Time is running out for native-born workers—a.k.a.
By attempting to derail this process with such a pathetic attempt at a smear campaign, you have successfully made it much easier for a real sex offender to point back at this and say, “look, this is what they do"!
For Catholics, really everything can be blessed, not only places of worship, chalices, and the faithful after each prayer service – whether after a Mass, or after the prayers for the hours of the day.
Dina Powell is the swamp.
Unfortunately, it is clear that Giuliani never really understood what I was trying to tell him.
It was while I was in Newark that I was introduced to then-Cardinal McCarrick.
ICE arrests 20 in Kansas City during 4-day operation targeting criminal aliens
My two above-mentioned memos of December 6, 2006 and May 25, 2008, were also presumably handed over to him by the Substitute.
Obviously, President Donald Trump is encouraging people to go out and vote against Democrats, which everyone should do.
Rep. Louie Gohmert — a Texas Republican on the House Committee on the Judiciary who has done oversight work on the case — said the missing server contained copies of Congress members’ emails.
And again, this really has nothing to do with the US.
Clinton Email IG Report Rips FBI, Comey, & Lynch… Plus A Whole Lot More!
There’s one big vulnerability we can guard against pretty easily.
The administration will now start aggressively moving to deal with the root cause of chaos and violence in the region in a clear-eyed way.”
Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump suggested Tuesday that he would have picked another attorney general if it would have stopped an investigation into Russia meddling in the 2016 election.
Morality, Müller explained, is rooted in Grace; that is why any teaching about “rules and exceptions” ignores the character of the ethics of the Covenant and of Grace.
He did not specify how many had turned back.
Pray earnestly for the Church and all her ministers.
When, to his relief, his plastic invention fired a .380-caliber bullet into a berm of dirt without jamming or exploding in his hands, he drove back to Austin and uploaded the blueprints for the pistol to his website, Defcad.com.
Catherine Bonnet / Associated Press
“The Hammonds are multi-generation cattle ranchers in Oregon imprisoned in connection with a fire that leaked onto a small portion of neighboring public grazing land,” the White House said in a statement.
They have denied any responsibility for his disappearance.
after the unexpected death of Nuncio Sambi in Baltimore, told me when I arrived in Washington — and he is ready to testify to it— about a stormy conversation, lasting over an hour, that Nuncio Sambi had with Cardinal McCarrick whom he had summoned to the Nunciature.
No matter your race, creed, ethnicity, sexual identity, and political stance, you are welcomed here!”
No doubt, Finicum would have been found not guilty as well, but that's not how tyrants work, is it?
The appointment of McElroy in San Diego was also orchestrated from above, with an encrypted peremptory order to me as Nuncio, by Cardinal Parolin: “Reserve the See of San Diego for McElroy.” McElroy was also well aware of McCarrick’s abuses, as can be seen from a letter sent to him by Richard Sipe on July 28, 2016.
Read the Whole Article
Dr. Ford's lifelong friend, Dr. – Miss Keyser, stated she doesn't know Judge Kavanaugh and doesn't recall ever attending a party with him.”
But we've seen that before.
Wherefore ye must needs be subject, not only for wrath, but also for conscience sake.
remember how CAIR advised Muslims not to talk to the FBI).
Habib Powell has been described as the Republican Huma Abedin.
And that's part of why Spygate is happening.
“It’s a very sad case because Kristian Saucier is a fine young man.
In a team effort with Cardinal Rodriguez Maradiaga, [McCarrick] had become the kingmaker for appointments in the Curia and the United States, and the most listened to advisor in the Vatican for relations with the Obama administration.
The memo called for firing the Pakistani-born aides, revoking all their computer accounts, and changing the locks on any door they had access to.
This is what its corpse looks like.
Bishops won’t protect and support good priests?
Border Patrol has not confirmed whether this group is part of the caravan.STORY: http://via.kswbtv.com/Ky5E4 Posted by FOX 5 San Diego on Tuesday, November 13, 2018
Nine of the immigration violators arrested during the operation were convicted criminals.
Pompeo wrapped up two days of emergency talks in the region — first with Saudi King Salman and Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman in Riyadh, and then with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan in Ankara — and headed back to Washington on Wednesday.
HANNITY: When you say follow the money, my suspicion would go to the money came directly from Russia, was funneled through the Canadian donors to the Clinton Foundation.
Inhuman and criminal annihilation runs in the veins of many in the West.
This is precisely because WikiLeaks is producing the kind of journalism that they ought to be doing.
Trump expresses sympathy for Reality Winner, whose mom asks for pardon
Instead, he put in place a subtle slander against me — slander being an offense he has often compared to the gravity of murder.
exposes his obvious underlying homosexual agenda and aura of the upcoming Synod:
He just doesn't want white men here.
Especially for Carmel.”
Assange never met Manafort.
“The Fake News is showing old footage of people climbing over our Ocean Area Fence.
And talk him up, McCarrick the Molester did!
While Obama pardoned drug dealers and locked up ranchers, Trump pardons ranchers and locks up drug dealers.
Why is he still a bishop?
FULL: https://t.co/G0V1HlyAlz pic.twitter.com/YDWifuIDWv — James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) November 1, 2018
Hamid continued: “We, as American Muslims, shouldn’t be defined solely in our relationship to bad things that we have nothing to do with.
Often, the American mainstream media becomes a de facto government employee, taking the claims of U.S. officials and reporting them as proven fact — and nothing exemplifies this penchant better than reporting on the Gulf of Tonkin incident — perhaps one of most flagrant lies ever dreamed up as a justification for war.
Rafael Correa, the former president of Ecuador, said recently that he regarded what they are doing to Julian now as torture.
We want them to correct the wrong.” Daigle said that a notice about the pending lawsuit was sent to the Department of Justice and others included in it in December.
Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border?
No wonder Dianne Feinstein looked so deliriously (and devilishly) happy when Trump uttered his stupid comment about gun confiscation and said he wanted to bring an assault weapons ban (Feinstein’s bill) into proposed gun control legislation.
“Leave them; they are blind guides.
Indeed, even the Vatican’s own website states that Benedict was Pope from 1047-1048, the very year of his third ascension to the office from which he was finally driven by force.
Both, if you're going to go by information that we have a record on.
Archbishop Viganò has released a new, powerful statement necessitated by the peculiar reaction of Pope Francis to the Aug 22 Testimony.
But my own sickness at the stories is quickly put into perspective when I recall the fact that many individuals have lived through them for years.
So, what documents will be required for NRC outside Assam?
Remember the Kurds?
Sign Up Thank you for signing up!
What are the gains for democracy from these wars, all backed enthusiastically by the Republican establishment?
He has been confined in the Ecuadorian embassy in London for six years —from June 19, 2012—the victim of a scurrilous slander campaign and British threats to arrest him, should he ever step outside.
One might ask, is “unseemly sycophancy” at work among the media?
However, this has not been accepted because they do not want to be separated.
If you appreciated this one, or any of the 7,000+ others, please consider a donation.
Ramirez alleges she was assaulted by Kavanaugh at a drunken party decades ago at Yale College.
Any bishop who can demonstrate through his actions and not just with his tweets, who can prove that he is still a Catholic and not a wolf, is welcome to join us.
The problem for the Guardian, which should have been obvious to its editors from the outset, is that any visits by Manafort would be easily verifiable without relying on unnamed “sources”.
What did the first commission achieve?
“Most parents homeschool for more than one reason,” Ray told the paper.
Finally, the shocking surge in immigrant displacement of American workers and in the immigrant workforce, which began in January and completely undid the improvement we had begun hopefully to call the “Trump Effect” has stalled.
He walked away from his family, leaving the door open to an abusive stepfather, and he watches his children beaten and led astray not just in silence, but in apparent contentment.
On of those followers is Katherine Viner:
No he’s not.
The police stood by and watched until he was done.
Friends, let us pray for Archbishop Viganò.
In court, Bacon badgered Hadeed.
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
Only the headlines.
HANNITY: But it is beginning to cascade Sara.
So far at least it falls far short of the evidence against virtually any other politician or celebrity who has faced consequences during this #MeToo moment.
John Pilger — one of the few journalists to speak out on Julian Assange’s behalf, labels journalists who fail to stand in solidarity with Assange in exposing the behavior of the Establishment, “Vichy journalists — after the Vichy government that served ad enabled the German occupation of France.”
The labor-force participation rate, a sign of worker confidence and mobility, fell 0.7 points for immigrants and rose 0.1 points for native-born Americans.
Despite the hysteria of the left, it is impossible to see the Trump administration as anything but firm in its dealing with Russia.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
Cheng’s comments came after at least 171 people died in Madagascar over an outbreak of plague.
Berg and the AMA want to pull a Dick's Sporting Goods and demand that people be 21 before they can purchase a firearm.
“She was not going to serve in his military.”
What Happens After Islamic Conquest?
She also said that she was under constant pressure, both the subtle pressure of general peer disapproval and overt requests to conform by the federation’s leadership.
It admits jihad terrorists as well, even when it knows they are jihad terrorists.
Well, it's pretty simple, and I highly recommend the Wired article, which is quite lengthy and has lots of information, but what this does is demonstrates that the genie is out of the bottle and there is just no way for gun grabbing Communists the world over to be able to truly enforce their unlawful acts of fun gun confiscation.
Has Trump Opened the Door?
This isn’t “boys will be boys.” Actions have consequences, and it’s hardly unjust to tell a person that if he mistreated another human being like this — even a long time ago — he has to remain “merely” a judge on the D.C.
* * *
Chinmay Tumbe: The CAA 2019 needlessly brings religion into the ambit of citizenship in a secular country like India. India is not a signatory to UN protocols on refugees. We need a holistic refugee/asylum policy with some annual limits, if need be, like many other countries. The CAA is very vague about refugees, the word in fact is not part of the amendment itself, which describes only conversion of status from illegal to legal for six religions of three Islamic neighbouring countries who entered before 2015. It is this vagueness which also angers people in the northeast because many of the "illegal migrants" are economic migrants and not necessarily those persecuted on the basis of religion. The proof of religious persecution is not defined well either which means in the current form, virtually all illegal immigrants of those specified religions and countries get amnesty. Another myth being peddled is that there are other ways Muslims can apply for citizenship and many have obtained. So what's the big fuss? But those are "legal" Muslim immigrants. The CAA is about illegal immigrants. So there is simply no way a persecuted Muslim illegal immigrant can get citizenship. CAA also leaves out other categories like Jews and Atheists. In fact, atheists persecution has been real in Bangladesh in last one decade.
I have watched a tsunami of lies and smear engulf him, endlessly, vindictively, perfidiously; and I know why they smear him.
I'll tell you why they aren't speaking out on that... they don't want to bite the hand that feeds them, plain and simple.
take our poll - story continues below
Could the good people of Massachusetts do us all a favor and elect someone else in her place?
With the “arch-conservative” “Rottweiler” Ratzinger in CDF, why do we have the situation we have today?
Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back?
Moreover, the pope’s cover-up of McCarrick was clearly not an isolated mistake.
All presidents since Clinton have crossed countries off this list.
In 1995, McNamara met with former Vietnam People’s Army General Võ Nguyên Giáp to ask what happened on August 4, 1964 in the second Gulf of Tonkin Incident.
How is the National Register of Citizens (NRC) linked to the Citizenship Act?
There was blood everywhere in his victim’s apartment.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
Korea still has all of its medium and long-ranged missiles and an estimated 40 or more nuclear warheads.
It was WikiLeaks that got Snowden out of Hong Kong and to safety.
Julian Assange has committed no crime.
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
After Calling for Guns & Ammo Confiscation & Universal Gun Registration, the American Medical Association Should Think About Taking "American" Out of Their Name
The case involves Cody Wilson, founder of Defense Distributed, who sued the government in 2015 after the State Department under the Obama administration made him take down do-it-yourself gunmaking blueprints he had posted online, saying they violated export regulations governing military hardware and technology.
He generated her in His Blood and continually revives her with His Spirit!
Sessions pointed to Justice Department regulations to explain that, as one of Trump’s earliest and most active supporters, he shouldn’t participate in the investigation of the Trump campaign.
Schaaf, a Democrat, posted the warning to Twitter Saturday, writing that “multiple credible sources” told her the immigration agency was “preparing to conduct an operation in the Bay Area, including Oakland, starting as soon as” Sunday.
Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Opinions differ widely on how Mitchell performed.
India also witnessed intense protests in the national capital against the newly formed citizenship law by the Narendra Modi government. This led to some of the most violent communal clashes Delhi had witnessed over the last few decades.
Another feature of my curriculum is that it provides students the opportunity to create and run their own internet businesses.
Has President Trump thought through where we are going with this deepening commitment in Syria, where we have only 2,000 troops and no allies but the Kurds, while on the other side is the Syrian army, Hezbollah, Russia and Iran, and Shiite militias from Iraq, Afghanistan and Pakistan?
They were bowing to jihadist intimidation.
In some convents old age is a real concern.
For over a decade, Bolton has been calling for regime change in Iran.
The Deep State: The Fa... Mike Lofgren Best Price: $7.55 Buy New $6.00 (as of 11:45 EDT - Details) Trump ordered the DOJ to release the text messages of former FBI Director James Comey, his deputy Andrew McCabe, now-fired special agent Peter Strzok, former FBI attorney Lisa Page and twice-demoted DOJ official Bruce Ohr.
Bergoglio will not, of course, resign.
On the loose, Malek cut a man’s throat.
In 2016, I wrote that Francis’ Apostolic Constitution, “Vultum dei quaerere” was in some respects the most damaging object of the wrecking-ball pontificate to date.
Ms. Ford admitted that she “told no one at the time what had happened to her.” In fact, she said she recalled thinking: “I’m not ever telling anyone this.
But she did not: She went on for another several paragraphs on the first page and an extra three pages to admit the openly partisan intent of Google’s actions, including a remarkable in-writing confirmation that at least one of Google’s actions amounted to a “silent donation”—something that could raise Federal Election Commission (FEC) red flags if authorities decide to launch an official investigation into this matter, now that these emails have been publicly revealed.
Edwin S. Rubenstein (email him) is President of ESR Research Economic Consultants.
SMITH: “You whip ’em up.
IG Horowitz can’t prove it, but he’s not sure that Strzok wasn’t acting in a politically biased manner when he slow-played the Clinton investigation while moving more quickly on the Russia investigation.
The likeliest interpretation of his statement is that he is saying that we must not speak about how jihadis find justification for their actions in the Qur’an and Sunnah, as that will alienate the “moderates.”
School shootings are not the only form of violence causing more parents to consider homeschooling.
Now it's the turn of the GOP establishment to learn the truth as well.
Currently the U.K. and Ecuador conspire to deliver Julian Assange to U.S. authorities.
“The U.S. Conference has a 50-year history of formally adopting and aggressively promoting strong policies to reduce gun violence, all consistent with its support for the Second Amendment to the Constitution,” the group said.
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
You may opt out at anytime.
As we shall see, the document is what I’ve called above a “chopping block”.
This is exactly the Scriptural point that I want to make.
• On January 24, 2017, the CAO acquired the [r[replacement]erver from the control of the employees and transferred that server to the USCP.
Syriac Catholic Patriarch Ignatius Ephrem Joseph III Younan himself has in the past appealed to the West“not to forget the Christians in the Middle East.” The former Melkite Greek Catholic Patriarch Gregory III has also said: “I do not understand why the world does not raise its voice against such acts of brutality.”
Assange never even considered fleeing to Russia.
Dibyesh Anand: Census exercises are meant to be the primary tool for enumeration. It is unheard of in a country to have Aadhar type of exercise followed by NPR with a clear prospect of NRC. The government had sold Aadhar as the one stop solution for identification for the purpose of security and welfare. Has it done an investigation to show that Aadhar has failed and hence other exercises are essential?
Puerto Rico's housing secretary, Fernando Gil, says the number of homes destroyed by the hurricane totals about 70,000 so far, and homes with major damage have amounted to 250,000 across the island.
Do not count me among those who would minimize this alleged assault.
But that word does not mean what they think it means.
“We’re dealing with a long-term struggle not only about the meaning of justice, but about the meaning of memory,” said Jason Berry, a reporter and author who has covered the sexual abuse crisis for decades.
A West Virginia school has come under fire for instructing junior high students to write the Islamic profession of faith ostensibly to practice calligraphy.
Trump is right.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
Of course, anyone following what Gillum has been promoting knows he isn't planning on delivering just like many politicians.
Orban has tightened the screws on non-government organisations, particularly ones funded by Soros, and attempted to close a prominent Soros-founded university.
The unnamed government worker was based in the southeast port city of Guangzhou, where an American consulate is based.
Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.?
Proposals to require background checks, mandatory serial numbers and even a registration process for printers are easily defeated.
Kavanaugh's accuser is being represented by Debra Katz, a Washington D.C. lawyer and the vice chair of the board of the Project On Government Oversight.
How often I see and hear the professors of Christianity today walking contrary to the word and spirit of the Living Christ (2 Corinthians 3:6).
And J Street is on record as endorsing a politician who praised a racist hate group leader and discussed the "Jewish question."
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
David was a king that was to overthrow corrupt governments by dispossessing them and establishing righteousness through justice and judgment (Jeremiah 23:5; Isaiah 51:4).
Nowadays, two monasteries have difficulty because of a lack of vocations.
Exactly what this “special need” is that can constitute a Gestapo like police state surveilling its own citizens is a moving target that has already been proven to be abused over and over again.
The first Scripture says:
Prosecutors appear to be sharing info with someone on Capitol Hill who is leaking details to the hacking suspect’s lawyer
On the other hand, this focus allows the administration to perpetuate the destructive fantasy that there are other types of “extremists” — who just happen to be the Left’s political opponents — that pose a great threat to the country.
No more extensions for Ms. Ford to come forward and testify.
During pre-Election Day absentee and mail-in voting, political parties have access to lists of people whose mail-in ballots were rejected for errors.
J Street endorsed him.
solemnly professed: 117
The Guardian did not make a mistake in vilifying Assange without a shred of evidence.
Thanks, but no thanks.
Allegations that the CAA could lead to forced expulsion of Muslims are therefore, in my opinion, unfounded.
So, again, while homosexuality was not the only sin in which the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah indulged, it does appear to be the primary reason for the destruction of the cities.
Strzok has argued that he was just trying to reassure Page that Trump couldn’t win, and that he wasn’t implying that they would take action to stop his election.
— John T. Bennett
But the evidence against Kavanaugh falls far short of the evidence arrayed against each of these men.
The attacks on Julian Assange illustrate what has happened to the so-called free media in the West.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
By blurring the line between a gun and a digital file, Wilson had also successfully blurred the lines between the Second Amendment and the First.
President Trump has sent lethal arms to Ukraine—a crucial issue for Putin—which President Obama refused to do.
While the current Iranian regime is certainly no bastion of freedom, the idea that US intervention or a violent revolution would be beneficial for the people of Iran or American citizens is outright insane.
Many priests are getting older – many of them with health issues – and a man who has already given 20 or 30 years of his life to the Church is faced with a practical impossibility if he finds himself blacklisted.
They tell me that Pope Francis is sounding more and more like the men who abused them.
Consequently, educational programs have to be set up everywhere, from public schools to universities to workplaces, in businesses and numerous other institutions.
India Abroad Publications, a US-based publishing house, reported on January 19 that, “South Asian Americans came out in large numbers in several cities across the U.S. to protest against India’s citizenship laws. Protests were held in Seattle, Washington; Fremont and Los Angeles, California; Decatur, Georgia; Jersey City, New Jersey; Boston, Massachusetts; and Detroit Michigan.”
The president of the CRIF umbrella of French Jewish communities protested the court’s decision to revisit the issue of suitability to stand trial of Kobili Traore, which the court pursued on its own initiative and not at the request of his defense.
I believe that he was unable to prove that there was any political motive to the FBI’s handling of the Clinton email case, and I believe that while the case was obviously mishandled, it could have reached the conclusion it did honorably.
Abid then used those rights to replace Gilani with himself as beneficiary.
We failed to recall that they know nothing at all about Catholicism.
Migrants resumed their march north on Saturday morning after spending almost a week in Mexico City.
Saudi officials insisted that Khashoggi left the consulate but have provided no video or other evidence.
At 21:05 utc a third version was published which included Manafort's denial.
Saucier's attorneys attempted to use the Hillary Clinton defense to get him out of hot water for taking pictures of classified systems aboard the USS Alexandria in 2009.
This is the seventh release in a series Project Veritas Action Fund began publishing in October 2018 exposing dishonesty and unethical conduct in elections across the country.
However, that should not flip the burden of proof onto Judge Kavanaugh altogether.
Dennis Bernstein spoke with John Pilger, a close friend and supporter of Assange on May 29.
Karen Freeman-Wilson, mayor of Gary, Indiana and chairwoman of the conference’s criminal and social justice committee, said gun-related tragedies “rips families and communities apart.” “Policies like background checks on all gun sales and Red Flag Laws save lives.
But for Carmelite nuns, Sister said, these ideas are the antithesis of the intentions of St. Teresa.
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
Farrakhan’s history of racially extreme comments includes blaming Jews for the September 11 attacks, saying white people “deserve to die” and praising Adolf Hitler as a “very great man.” “I personally know [Farrakhan], I’ve been to his home, done meetings, participated in events with him,” Davis told TheDC.
When the Russians used chemical weapons in Great Britain, President Trump joined our allies and expelled 60 Russian intelligence officers from the United States.
“With a pardon, there’s no magic wand that gets waved and makes everything right,” Saucier said, “But I try to stay positive and look forward.”
Meetings for prioresses.
But even at that hearing, the standard of proof is far below the “beyond a reasonable doubt” standard used in criminal trials.
But she is a Leftist, and the Left is increasingly anti-Semitic, so she will cruise to victory.
I think there’s a lot of other areas that they will be looking at as well.
BLS resolves the dilemma by comparing the current month with the same month of the prior year:
This was stopped by Ratzinger and the CDF.
How else does one fight back against the nameless, faceless bureaucrats of the Deep State who hide behind anonymity to undermine the duly elected 45th president of the United States?
See, earlier Trump Victorious As GOP Transformed Into A National Conservative Party by James Kirkpatrick, May 3, 2016
Far from it.
Ebola is most feared for the internal and external bleeding it can cause in victims owing to damage done to blood vessels.
We’re doing everything in our power to prevent Russian interference in 2018.”
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
“No, and I'd like to reiterate that again, I was trying to get the information to you while there was still a list of other what looked like equally-qualified candidates,” Ford replied.
That said, the Senate Judiciary Committee is tentatively scheduled to vote on the nomination Friday at 9:30 a.m.
If Kavanaugh isn’t on the bench Monday, the Supreme Court will be shorthanded as it begins hearing cases in its new term.
Where is the voice of conscience to condemn what is happening to Julian Assange, whose only “crime” is publishing documents exposing the criminal activities and corruption of governments and other Establishment elites?
(Carter Page is not related to Lisa Page.)
“Policies like background checks on all gun sales and Red Flag Laws save lives,” said Karen Freeman-Wilson, mayor of Gary, Indiana, and chair of the conference’s criminal and social justice committee.
Days ago the president threatened to withhold American aid from Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador if the flow of immigrants wasn’t stopped.
Selecting the Jews, based on race, for extermination is more of the reason why the term Nazi is not a positive one.
Enter John Bolton.
Martin have much in common since you both claimed you were “shocked” by the McCarrick allegations.
Possible solutions: two convents intend to amalgamate.
And with the statistics offered at this meeting we can see clearly where this road leads.
Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
It is not.
Secretary of Homeland Security Kirstjen Nielsen said, "Border security is national security, and @ DHSgov will enforce our nation's laws.
Hunter Richard, the 16-year-old teen who says he was wearing the hat, told WOAI that some of his hair was ripped off as the man removed it from his head.
I'll Say What Kavanaugh Wouldn't: Christine Ford Was Part Of The Political Hit On Him & Here's The Audio Evidence
She suggested a “strategy will emerge” to destroy Trump's nomination for the Supreme Court in a conference call with the American Constitution Society in July.
The issue has dogged the Roman Catholic Church in recent years, and critics have accused Francis and his two predecessors, John Paul II and Benedict XVI, of failing to aggressively weed out and punish predator priests.
The demand for an FBI probe is “utter nonsense,” former U.S. Attorney Joseph diGenova said earlier this week.
She has long accused Mr. Clinton of raping her a motel room in 1978 in Little Rock, when he was Arkansas attorney general.
The term "Jewish Question" is largely used by anti-Semites.
Yet that was precisely the aim.
He showered hundreds of billions of dollars on the Islamic Republic of Iran.
The four page email begins with Murillo claiming she and others at Google were engaged in non-partisan activities not designed to help any one candidate or another—only to undercut her own commentary in later passages in the emails by openly admitting the entire effort to boost Latino turnout using Google products with official company resources was to elect Clinton over Trump.
It has released something like 800,000 documents from Russia, and now WikiLeaks is accused of being an agent of Russia!
The three-page white paper being circulated among National Security Council officials in the White House offers a strategy by which the Trump administration can actively work to assist an already aggravated Iranian public topple the hardline ruling regime through a democratization strategy that focuses on driving a deeper wedge between the Iranian people and the ruling regime.
Kavanaugh denied any involvement in the events alleged in that complaint, which was first reported by NBC.
date when erected: 1980
Over the past three years, the Guardian has injected credibility into the Israel lobby’s desperate efforts to tar Corbyn as an anti-semite.
What got no mention in the brief press interest was the document’s insistence that all monasteries of nuns must belong to a federation and while monasteries must demonstrate “autonomy” they will be granted little in the way of powers of self-governance.
“Well that was Eric Holder…”
This is an outrage, but it is common nationwide: the Daily Caller News Foundation reports that Mountain Ridge Middle School in West Virginia is “instructing junior high students to write the Islamic profession of faith ostensibly to practice calligraphy.” Students are made to write out the Shahada, which states: “There is no god but Allah, and Muhammad is the messenger of Allah.”This is exactly what I warned about in my book, Stop the Islamization of America: A Practical Guide to the Resistance , in the chapter “The Mosqueing of the Public Schools.”In order to convert to Islam, one says the shahada.
At Henry III’s designation, the German Bishop of Bamberg became Clement II, but he died after only a year, whereupon Benedict reasserted his claim to the papacy for the third time in 1047, only to be driven from Rome again by Imperial troops in 1048.
The Singapore summit was also a huge humiliation for America’s allies Japan and South Korea.
In some cases, you can purchase drums which hold 50-100 rounds, but if you are in New York, the NY SAFE Act defines your high capacity magazine to hold anything more than 7 rounds.
To the faithful of the diocese: If you are the victim of abuse of any kind by a priest, bishop, cardinal, or any employee of the Church, bring it forward.
A single monastic community that decides to make a foundation, moreover, must be “helped” and guided by the federation:
Courses have been organized to accompany the youngest sisters of the federation, given by a religious psychologist.
As Reason points out, in 2010 he dissented from the D.C. Circuit’s decision not to rehear a case in which a three-judge panel had ruled that police violated a suspected drug dealer’s Fourth Amendment rights when they tracked his movements for a month by attaching a GPS device to his car without a warrant.
“I just think a conversation about politics is more productive for the entire whole rather than taking my hat and yelling subjective words to me.”
You brought this on yourself.
There’s no separate companies.
Canon212 has linked to an interesting and timely piece on the role of the Synod of Sutri, near Rome, in 1046, which dealt with the problem of three rival claimants to the papacy, each installed by a Roman faction: First, the execrable Benedict IX, mentioned above.
The letter bolsters TheDCNF’s previous reporting about the missing server and evidence of fraud on Capitol Hill.
The dispute came after Awan’s father was charged with fraud in relation to the deal, and the mysterious exertion of political influence resulted in Pakistani authorities instead targeting the elderly alleged victims, according to a local report.
Kim’s big guns hold Seoul’s millions of inhabitants hostage.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Jimenez was later arrested and shortly thereafter fired from his job for ripping off Richard’s hat and stealing it.
This is the Trump, "Take the guns first and then due process" mantra.
COPYRIGHT 2018 CREATORS.COM
Defense Attorney : Who was present in the house?
A pattern, not an aberration
This has long been known, although the mainstream media dismissed it as a conspiracy theory.
“If code is speech, the constitutional contradictions are evident,” Wilson explained to WIRED when he first launched the lawsuit in 2015.
SOLOMON: I do.
#USBP pic.twitter.com/uGWUKjxJkj — CBP San Diego (@CBPSanDiego) November 14, 2018
Bergoglio’s five year plan is nearly complete.
He should own a house or stand to inherit one.
Not that his racist, anti-semite claims against his opponent weren't enough, one of his staffers has been caught in an undercover video saying, “None of the programs that people are hoping for would happen” and that is to be kept confidential from the public.
Two days later, according to the official story, on August 4, 1962, the NSA reported that a second Gulf of Tonkin incident occurred and US ships were attacked once again.
It's clear from video evidence that Ellison and fellow Democrat Gregory Meeks had dinner with Farrakhan and Iranian leader President Hassan Rouhani in 2013.
This is thanks in large measure to Bergoglio, who made a flagrantly active homosexual, Monsignor Battista Ricca, “prelate of the gay lobby,” no less than head of his papal household.
Either this did not happen at all or a much milder version of the situation she alleges occurred.
Because of this schizophrenic mindset of the Church’s leadership since 1965, we have all come to accept the underlying premise; that the Church is a “big umbrella” with plenty of room for people of all personal opinions, that such issues as liturgy are matters of personal “taste” …that two opposed things can both be Catholic truth.
I fully believe IG Horowitz’ findings here.
Perhaps now, as an answer that fits our apparently contradictory puzzle pieces, we can finally accept his word on this.
When journalists talk about Catholicism, they often speak of a man like Kasper being – as his Wikipedia page puts it – “one of the main figures of the liberal wing of the Catholic Church.” And this is supposed to make some kind of sense to Catholics, we’re supposed to accept it as the reality of our times.
Yet there is little doubt they will continue the same polemic that for nearly sixty years has doggedly defended every one of the ruinous “reforms” that have resulted in a debacle without equal in Church history, even considering the Arian crisis of the 4th century.
Obama wanted “to know everything” the FBI was doing in its investigation into claims that Russia was interfering in the 2016 election.
You may opt out at anytime.
And now she is doubling down.
But it was agreed to temporarily stop the highly provocative US/South Korean war games simulating an invasion of the North, a key demand by Kim.
Cardinal Sean O’Malley has been reappointed as the head of a Vatican commission on child sex abuse, as Pope Francis on Saturday revived the panel in the wake of widespread condemnation last month of the pontiff’s defense of a Chilean bishop accused of witnessing and ignoring abuse.
As LifeSiteNews reported in January, the Diocese of Limburg is publicly discussing the establishment of a special liturgical rite for the blessing of homosexuals.
Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border?
A third evaluation will follow before the court finally reaches a decision.
Fox News reports that “targeted immigration enforcement operations” resulted in the arrests, about half of which snared fugitives with convictions for assault and battery, crimes against children, weapons charges and DUI.
Men today care more of compromise (where two men both agree on what they both know is wrong) and diplomacy (seduction in another guise) in promoting anarchy through “antinomianism” than they do the Law of God against the sins unto judgment that enslave men (John 8:34).
He's a useful idiot, propagandist snowflake.
But the president tweeted Wednesday that Sessions should end Mueller’s probe
The fact that they were trying to get my daughter to write that disturbed me.” “I said, ‘That is not happening.
Conclusively halt those spring and fall military maneuvers that raise the threat of war.
"The US government is taking these reports seriously and has informed its official staff in China of this event."
To be a refuge for sinners (which we should be), the Church must be a place where sinners can turn to be reconciled.
Nixonu2019s White Hous... Patrick J. Buchanan Best Price: $6.38 Buy New $10.01 (as of 10:15 EDT - Details)
Every country arrests people.
This pontificate isn’t an anomaly; it was the only possible outcome, and it was as much the work of Joseph Ratzinger as Walter Kasper.
Viganò testifies that on June 23, 2013, he obtained a private audience with Bergoglio after having encountered McCarrick at the Pope’s residence three days earlier, during which encounter McCarrick had told him with an air of triumph: “The Pope received me yesterday, tomorrow I am going to China” (evidently to assist in negotiating Bergoglio’s planned sellout of China’s underground Catholics to the Communist dictators of Beijing).
7 – Powell served on a global group alongside Hillary Clinton.
May my song be pleasing to him;
The effort was unsuccessful because American banks — themselves afraid of running afoul of U.S. sanctions — declined to participate.
Do you love what we’re doing at Clash?
Comey testified that his decision to exonerate Hillary was not made before her interview took place, when for all intents and purposes it was.
The faithful insistently wonder how it was possible for him to be appointed to Washington, and as Cardinal, and they have every right to know who knew, and who covered up his grave misdeeds.
take our poll - story continues below
What do they have to hide?
The Andromeda Galaxy has an approximate diameter of 220,000 light years, which is more than double of that of the Milky Way.
We used to think that fashion has to do with haircuts, clothes, or lifestyle, but the vogue today is to sympathize with the Jews and to shed crocodile tears about their sorrows, their heresy, and their historical lies.
By adding “at the shrine” to this verse, Wills restricts the call to fight to the area around the Sacred Mosque in Mecca.
In fact, the Gulf of Tonkin incident, as it became known, turned out to be a fictitious creation courtesy of the government to escalate war in Vietnam — leading to the deaths of tens of thousands of U.S. troops and millions of Vietnamese, fomenting the largest anti-war movement in American history, and tarnishing the reputation of a nation once considered at least somewhat noble in the eyes of the world.
They will transfer export jurisdiction to the Commerce Department, which does not impose prior restraint on public speech.
In so doing he would have intensified the demand of the people of God and the world for the documentation needed to determine who has told the truth.
Still, it went above and beyond what the Obama administration was required to do under the terms of the nuclear agreement.
Peter Strzok email about Clinton emails by Fox News on Scribd
Active duty U.S. ARMY Troops at the McAllen Hidalgo Intl Bridge putting up concertina wire.
As the cited article on the Synod of Sutri notes, although the scurrilous Benedict IX objected to his deposition by the Synod, “the Church has always accepted his deposition as valid.
I hope my instincts are right there, and number two, how devastating it legally is this going to be based on what I was just asking Sara and John about impacting former Obama officials, money, Clinton foundation?
If Ms. Ford does not follow through with her agreement to testify in an open Senate Judiciary Committee hearing this Thursday and do so upon the conditions set by the committee, she should go home while the committee proceeds to an immediate vote on Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination.
The Obama administration continues to refuse to label our enemy and, therefore, it continues to enable our defeat in the terror war.
It is only to be expected that materialists—for whom the immortal soul does not exist and who believe that this present life of the senses on earth is the only one man has—should be reluctant to punish anyone by killing him.
And with the advent of Bergoglio in Rome, there are no more havens; as many of the former Franciscan Friars of the Immaculate have learned, the blackballing has gone global with this pontificate.
Well, it took long enough, but thank you President Trump.
He made the comment a day after Iran’s supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, ordered the increase in capacity and vowed that Iran would preserve its nuclear program despite the U.S. withdrawal from the 2015 accord.
Spend enough time in Catholic World and you inevitably meet good men who quit the seminary because of some rampant (and often violent) depravity.
Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Apparently, a great deal.
The story of the Oakland mayor who tipped off illegal alien criminals to ICE raids resulting in rapists and child sex offenders escaping arrest just keeps getting worse.
b) Besides the number, special skills are required of some nuns of the community who must be able to assume: as Superior, the service of authority; as formator, the initial formation of candidates; as financial administrator, the administration of the goods of the monastery.
JP: Nothing in my time as a journalist has equaled the rise of WikiLeaks and its extraordinary impact on journalism.
I responded: “And the money could be used to purchase properties to house faithful priests punished by their bishops for refusing the New Paradigm.
Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.?
Kuwaiti cleric Sheikh Jihad Al-‘Ayesh delivered a speech in which he said that the figure of six million Jews killed in the Holocaust was a “historical lie,” but that Hitler “knew the truth about the Jews” and therefore began “tormenting and persecuting them.” “The Jews were banished, tortured and annihilated because of their deeds.
Trump was, unfortunately, following the example of his two immediate predecessors when he claimed that “Ramadan reminds us of the richness Muslims add to the religious tapestry of American life,” and was severely misleading the American people.
The word khalifa means “successor”; the caliph in Sunni Islamic theology is the successor of Muhammad as the military, political, and spiritual leader of the Muslims.
A return to integral Tradition is the threat that Faggioli sees as coming particularly from the young.
“Eucharist and Lauds in Spanish.
Rep Mark Meadows asked if the two FBI agents were Kevin Clinesmith and Sally Moyer, which the IG declined to confirm.
At one point the caravan was anywhere between 7,000 to 10,000 members strong and mostly consists of migrants with ineligible asylum claims, which include job-seekers, previously deported illegal aliens, and Central Americans looking to get away from crime.
May God bless and keep Bishop Robert Morlino.
WikiLeaks published about 800,000 major disclosures about Russia, some of them extremely critical of the Russian government.
Then he suggests that healing and reconciliation will only come if we take a hard look at our own flaws….
"If you'll permit me, what the Church needs now is more hatred!
Wills seems determined to put the best possible face on the Qur’an, which requires him to ignore a great deal of Qur’anic incitement and hatred.
The stronger NATO is, the less maneuvering room Russia has.
Rick Scott issued an executive order on Oct. 18 allowing election supervisors in Bay County and other counties impacted by the storm to extend early voting days and designate more early voting locations, but did not make provision for voting by fax or email.
Local health officials in Democratic Republic of Congo reported 21 patients showing signs of hemorrhagic fever and 17 deaths in the affected area before an Ebola outbreak was confirmed on Tuesday, the health ministry said.
Did you get that?
“It is not an exaggeration to say that on that day the old Holy Office, as it presented itself then, was destroyed by Ratzinger in union with his Archbishop.
Dr. Zafar Iqbal, one of the alleged victims, told TheDCNF that “Imran came to Pakistan to get [his father] out of jail, since he had some [connections] in the Congress.”
Forty-four people have been infected and 23 people are known to have died.
Pope Francis received the victim’s letter in 2015, its author and a member of Francis’s sex abuse commission have said, contradicting the Pope’s recent insistence that no victims had come forward in the matter and no evidence had been produced.
We’re also moving onto a new platform, MeWe.
What fractured and overwhelmed the Bush-Boehner Republican Party?
The formation of the formators and their collaborators is entrusted in part to the monasteries and in part to the Federation, therefore, the President of the Federation is called to strengthen formation at the federal level and to require the participation of those who exercise the service of formation; if this does not happen, she will refer the matter to the Holy See.
If Congress insists on dragging its feet with the building and funding of a permanent solution, Trump will find other ways to secure our Southern border as he had promised to do.
The declaration came after laboratory results confirmed two cases of the disease in the province of Bikoro in the northwestern part of the country.
If she shows up that would be wonderful – if she doesn't show up that would be unfortunate."
Following an incubation period of between two and 21 days, Ebola develops into a high fever, weakness, intense muscle and joint pain, headaches and a sore throat.
Eight Hundred Thousand Disclosures on Russia
Thirdly, what does “volume of complaints” mean?
The American “Gay” Church Expansion
One leaked official memo says: “Assange is going to make a nice bride in prison.
Her ex-husband heads up Teneo Strategy: the organization created by the same man who made the Clinton Foundation happen and which employed Huma Abedin.
There have been 3 suppressions and 3 amalgamations.
This story relied on a number of sources.
The women also said that Kavanaugh has “stood out for his friendship, character, and integrity.”
When we say ‘Final Solution,’ we realize that many of the terms used by the Zionist state constitute Nazi terms, ideas, and notions.
Branch, and I trust that he will take this matter seriously and deal with it appropriately.
How inconvenient that the head of the Synod on Youth and Vocations, Cardinal Kevin Farrell, was the former roommate of the most prolific serial predator of youth and seminarians in the history of the American Church.
Neither Manafort nor these “Russians” are in the visitor logs … What possible motive would the Ecuadorean government have for facilitating secret unrecorded visits by Paul Manafort?
People in homosexual relationships are welcome at the blessing ceremonies in Wels-St. Franziskus [Church] and in the Ursulinenkirche.
Politico reported that the department points to the Florida Democratic Party for changing dates on forms used to amend absentee and mail-in ballots.
Donald Trump has delivered on these as well as any president since Reagan.
To be sure, the report faulted Comey for deviating from FBI and Justice Department procedures in handling the probe into Hillary Clinton’s use of a private e-mail server while she served as Secretary of State, thereby negatively impacting “the perception of the FBI and the department as fair administrators of justice.” Comey, according to the OIG report, “engaged in ad hoc decision making based on his personal views even if it meant rejecting longstanding Department policy or practice.”
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
People cannot logically and critically understand that hurting people and taking their things is wrong – even if people who declare themselves government is the one doing it.
We’ll have to see whether Grassley can find the stomach to put an end to the farce of allowing unsubstantiated charges from Democrat activists to waste the Committee’s time.
The long-term confiscation order lasts up to a year, but may be renewed indefinitely.
Democratic governor, Republican legislature.
Liberals and the Awami League supporters are angry that India is talking of religious discrimination against the Hindus when the Awami League government has always emphasised its democratic and secular credentials. Amit Shah later clarified in the Rajya Sabha that he was not talking of the present situation in Bangladesh.
If Kavanaugh Is Not Confirmed By Senate, Then We Are All Just One Accusation Away From Ruin
Los Angeles Times
Yet, still, the GOP establishment has not repudiated the mindset that produced this.
According to Breitbart, she illegally destroyed ballots.
Neither responded to deny the visits taking place.
He said he spoke with Trump to make sure that the president wasn’t actually issuing an order.
Aimed specifically at female contemplative religious, the document threatened that in a year or so another would be forthcoming laying out precisely what would now be required of nuns to continue in their vocations.
Equally important, North Korea still has an estimated 14,000 170mm guns and hundreds of 300mm long-ranged rocket launchers emplaced in caves just north of the Demilitarized Zone between the two Koreas.
In formation: 6
But the current Citizenship (Amendment) Act 2019 would reduce this period to 5 years from 6 years.
Rep. King asked Horowitz about his first encounter with the switch of “extremely careless” for ‘gross negligence,” which violated a criminal statute.
Note that, while significantly below the all-time high of 18.1% recorded in April, the May figure is third highest among the 113 months for which we have data.
But though her parents were Christians, she had the “right” views on Islam.
The aim was to silence and criminalise WikiLeaks and its editor and publisher.
Thank you.” No Place to Hide: Edwa... Glenn Greenwald Best Price: $1.49 Buy New $3.70 (as of 06:30 EDT - Details)
Once it is in place, it becomes very difficult to remove.
“How did Comey see the report before it came out?” Rep. Darrell Issa wanted to know.
Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban Calls For Global Anti-Migrant Alliance
“Neither attorney has made their clients available for interview.
The next paragraph is where Murillo begins to make her next major admission: that the effort was not just to increase voter turnout generally but to elect Hillary Clinton over Donald Trump.
Instead of fighting on their behalf against the federal government that is illegally indoctrinating them, they simply give their kids over to them to be dumbed down.
As The Daily Mail notes, it is the ninth time Ebola has been recorded in Congo since the disease made its first known appearance near its northern Ebola river in the 1970s.
In fact, all of the evidence and all of the witnesses to date, including Dr. Ford's friend, whom she claims was in the same house that the attack occurred refute her claims.
These former officials attack Trump ferociously to hide their own failure and their own guilt.
It’s been reported that plague has been transmitted to humans by camels, goats, prairie dogs, rock squirrels and guinea pigs since the 1960’s.
President Trump, on the other hand, is following along with it by detaining illegal immigrants at the border and separating children from their apparent families.
Sixty one of those arrested illegally re-entered the United States after having been previously deported, which is a felony.
At the time and since then, particularly in light of what has been happening, it seems one of the most bizarre aspects of this whole bizarre situation that the reasons offered have been so trivial, so inappropriately, so disproportionately petty.
Penkoski’s daughter, Brielle, however, said that the class spent much less time on Christianity and Judaism than it did on Islam.
It is certainly clear from Francis’ first acts as pope that he had dealing with conservative and Traditionalist nuns high on his list of priorities.
Viktor Orban, who openly professes the Reformed faith of Christianity, told an audience at the Royal Castle in Budapest, “Christianity is Europe’s last hope.”
In fact, five years after the resignation of Pope Benedict the Catholic faithful mostly want to know why; why would a pope – a man with decades of up-close-and-personal experience of the “filth” in the Curia and throughout the church – suddenly just decide to quit?
It goes without saying that we here at The Remnant not only stand with Viganò but we thank God for him every day, we pray the Rosary for him every day, and wish him every blessing and heavenly consolation as he undergoes this passion for the sake of the Master he serves so well.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
But all the lies about Thomas at what he described as a “high-tech lynching for uppity blacks” had an effect.
Defending the Council by Defending the Homosexual Status Quo
Evidently already aware of these facts, however, Bergoglio not only rehabilitated McCarrick but made him a “trusted counselor” who advised the elevation of the pro-homosexual prelates Blase Cupich, Joseph Tobin and Kevin Farrell to the College of Cardinals and the prominent episcopal sees they now discredit.
This was, however, challenged in 2014. In State of Jharkhand vs State of Bihar, where, in a dispute after the bifurcation, the latter chose to challenge the maintainability of the former's plaint under Article 131—citing 2011 Madhya Pradesh judgment—Justices Chelameswar and S.A. Bobde chose to disagree with the earlier (2011 Madhya Pradesh) verdict and deferred the case to a larger bench.
I cannot agree to that.
It’s your fault if you find contradictions, not theirs; they’ve said there are no contradictions, therefore there aren’t any.
“And as they unfold, as we make a determination for ourselves about what happened there, based on the facts that are presented to us, the United States will determine what the appropriate response might be.”
This would explain why he will not a “say a word about” Viganò’s charges against him.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
As India is a secular country, Muslims from anywhere in the world have equal rights to anyone else in the world to apply for Indian citizenship.
“When the Parkland shooting happened, our phone calls and emails exploded,” said coalition president Tim Lambert.
Who knows exactly what they mean by high-capacity magazines.
Gun control advocates including the group Everytown for Gun Safety lauded the move.
That said, Bolton is confident that an Iranian regime change will occur in the next six months:
I greeted him respectfully as I had always done.
The telling details of Archbishop Viganò’s testimony concerning Bergoglio’s friendly relations with McCarrick before he finally had to cut him loose—details conveniently ignored by Winters, Allen and Shea—are utterly devastating to any defense of Bergoglio.
I am not a fan of Donald Trump.
— Juanita Broaddrick (@atensnut) September 21, 2018
I am watching the Democrat Party led (because they want Open Borders and existing weak laws) assault on our country by Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador, whose leaders are doing little to stop this large flow of people, INCLUDING MANY CRIMINALS, from entering Mexico to U.S..... take our poll - story continues below Will the Democrats try to impeach President Trump now that they control the House?
So, while they tell you they support the Second Amendment and that their unlawful policies are consistent with it, nothing could be further from the truth.
Wouldn’t the President be making Putin’s attempts at expanding his influence easier?
As Honduran Caravan Reaches The Border, Trump Threatens To Send In The Military
“While I am Attorney General, the actions of the Department of Justice will not be improperly influenced by political considerations.
You may opt out at anytime.
In his book Principles of Catholic Theology, Ratzinger proposed the question, “Should the Council be revoked?” and in response recommended the “razing of the bastions” of the Catholic Church in relation to the modern world:
He is, without any doubt, the worst President in American history.
Longtime Geller Report readers have suffered Powell for well over a decade.
The Best of Patrick J. Buchanan
Here’s my translation:
In 2010, more than 1,100 transcripts from the Vietnam era were released, proving Congress and officials raised serious doubts about the information fed to them by the Pentagon and White House.
Here’s the link for you to review.
Does Archbishop Hebda believe it is time for the Church to stop humiliating herself by stooping to accommodate a special interest group that obviously doesn't care about her or the moral code by which she governs?
# CBP has deployed resources to safely secure the area near Imperial Beach.
Trump said that the system that Mexico uses to deal with illegals by holding them a few hours and then sending them away is preferable to how the long, drawn out process in the united States is conducted.
Concerning my book, Archbishop Pietro Sambi, Viganò’s predecessor as Nuncio in Washington, whom Viganò’ credits with diligently reporting McCarrick’s crimes to the Vatican and conveying Benedict’s sanctions to McCarrick, made some very revealing comments during an interview with Robert Moynihan, published posthumously six years ago in Inside the Vatican:
The story also said Wasserman Schultz had a “friendly personal relationship” with Awan and Alvi.
President Trump has bombed the Assad forces in Syria, a client state of Putin, something that Obama refused to do because he didn’t want to provoke Putin.
The only answer is legislation— border wall to stop the illegal alien flow; a second Operation Wetback, including E-Verify, to get the illegal alien self-deporting; a moratorium on legal immigration.
But vetting Kavanaugh’s qualifications isn’t the point.
My question is; how big of a leap would it be for a normal, rational adult to go from confronting administration officials to attacking the people who elected them to power?
NATO and the EU are showing their age.
No, he will not be confirmed.
They are unconstitutional and neither Congress nor you have the authority to give American's money to these countries.
After months of investigations, U.S. officials concluded that the diplomats had been exposed to an advanced device that operated outside the range of audible sound and had been deployed either inside or outside their residences.
The first version read:
Could Republicans not see the factories shutting down, or not understand why workers' wages had failed to rise for decades?
Black Death Warning: The Plague Is Impossible To Eradicate
Saying the shahada makes you a Muslim.
Special FBI agent Peter Stzrok and Lisa Page, an attorney who has since left the FBI, were targeted in this report for their blatantly anti-Trump text messages.
We already have to deal with the million unexpected things that come up each day.
At the 2018 AMA Annual Meeting, delegates adopted policy for the AMA to support: Establishing laws allowing family members, intimate partners, household members and law enforcement personnel to petition a court for the removal of a firearm when there is a high or imminent risk for violence.
Some esteemed people shed tears about what the Jews call ‘the Holocaust.’ […] “Did the Nazi annihilation – the Holocaust – target only the Jews?
An important concern was that they would allow us to use lay people on the Federal Council of the Federation and the Supervisory council.
This was four years after the U.S. tried to get rid of Chavez in a coup.
Caveats (here in italic and underlined) were added to the headline and within several paragraphs.
Whether their conscience will allow it, is not so certain; but if it does not [allow it], it would certainly be a hope for their conversion.
Way to go!
In response to the continued outrages of both “good” and bad bishops, Zmirak suggested establishing “an escrow fund in each scandal-plagued diocese, where laymen [can] deposit the funds they would have donated to [the] local church, until [a] new bishop [is] appointed.”
As for CAA, it will legitimise the residency of only persecuted minorities from the 3 neighbouring countries without damaging the existing socio-demographic fabric of the Northeast, because these "persecuted religious minorities", are in any case, very small in number, compared to say the demographic invasion by Bangladeshi Muslim migrants who illegally entered the Northeast, in lakhs.
Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border?
Moreover, as Robert Spencer advises, there needs to be legislation that will bar all such groups and affiliated individuals from advising the government or receiving any grants from it.
The Julian Assange case reminds me of the Gary Webb case.
And NO Christian or other free man should ever comply with such a law.
Those conflicts, mostly centred on migration since people fleeing war and poverty in the Middle East and Africa flooded into Europe in 2015, have intensified as the elections approach and Orban poses as a saviour of Europe's Christian nations.
Mr. Horowitz’s report focused on process and procedures.
By short-circuiting the investigation, Ryan is betraying the interest of the American people to learn what the FBI and CIA actually did against Trump.
In the past five weeks, there have been 21 suspected cases, including 17 deaths
“My case was usually something handled by military courts,” Saucier said.
Trump completely ignored America’s two old allies after his meeting with Kim – who routinely blasts Japan and South Korea as ‘America’s stooges.’ Instead, Trump sent his beginner Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to explain what happened in Singapore, inflicting a deep loss of face on Tokyo and Seoul.
The Bishops have proven that they cannot be trusted to protect young people and seminarians from predators.
….In addition to stopping all payments to these countries, which seem to have almost no control over their population, I must, in the strongest of terms, ask Mexico to stop this onslaught – and if unable to do so I will call up the U.S. Military and CLOSE OUR SOUTHERN BORDER!..
As a snapshot of the current condition of Carmelite monastic life after it had been completely “federated,” it paints a depressing picture; but as a demonstration of what “federations” are likely to achieve once Cor orans is implemented universally, it clangs in the mind like a funeral bell.
Furthermore, President Trump’s efforts to get our European allies to increase their defense spending has a direct impact on Putin.
A few weeks after Ford went public, and after Kavanaugh said he had dairies from that summer detailing his whereabouts, The New Yorker published Ramirez’s account of a drunken party filled with obscene drinking games where he exposed himself to Ramirez.
The attacks can sometimes be carried out by emitting "infrasounds", which are low frequency noises that can affect human hearing if they are loud enough.
The punishment for violation is a fine, imprisonment for not more than one year or both.
Cardinal Kasper barely even made it into the last conclave, because he had just turned 80 years of age.
There is usually a six-month period that must elapse before the lawsuit actually is actually filed.
But Kritarch Patti Saris was having none of the immigration laws of the United States.
This possibility is owed, furthermore, to a death by one of the cruelest means ever devised, unjustly inflicted on one supremely innocent Man who was God, in a miscarriage of human justice beyond any the world could ever have imagined.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
He likes a racist hate group.
“Things are starting to go in the right direction,” Saucier said.
I think that we are going to have to do is continue to follow the money because the reporting that John and Sara are going to be doing in a few days will be revealing about where lots of the various money went and where it came from.
All are federal crimes.
Article posted with permission from The Washington Standard
After all, after the Trump White House issued a similar statement last year, the Washington Post ran a lengthy piece in which several Muslims explained why the statement was unsatisfactory to them.
You may opt out at anytime.
But even the allegedly corroborating notes of the therapist raise a separate problem.
The Pope took me to the first floor in his apartment and said: “We have 40 minutes before the Angelus.”
“It looks like we’re capturing the demise of this dark vortex, and it’s different from what well-known studies led us to expect,” said Michael H. Wong of the University of California at Berkeley says.
Saucier says that that action was “unfair” and “unequal” compared to the corruption and criminal activity of Hillary Clinton.
On December 21, 2019, Asia Community News published an article which reported that a group of Indian students were planning to conduct a peaceful anti-CAA protest at the University of Tokyo on December 22. Ravish Kumar, senior NDTV journalist, posted a video of a protest in Tokyo on December 27. However, ANI didn’t report anti-CAA protest from Tokyo.
They are valiant to proceed from evil to evil (Jeremiah 5).
Despite the fact that it was instituted by God Himself, growing numbers of Catholics actually consider it immoral.
If this be treason, make the most of it.
And as our Ramadan willful blindness continues, more Infidels will die.
Texas Mom: My Son Was Attacked For Wearing A MAGA Hat At Whataburger
How would Garry Wills explain all that?
We see the gunning down of over 60 people on the day of the inauguration of the new U.S. embassy in Jerusalem.
Here is the dirty secret that is now emerging.
“Hard to do much else when the witness conveniently has no corroborating evidence, no memory of any verifiable facts of what happened, and everyone she says was present at the alleged incident--even her best friend--has denied it.”
Such mishandling included violations of Department of Justice standards and FBI protocols.
average age: 66
He was to say that it was his old academic colleagues like Kung and Kasper who had moved further to the ideological “left” after the 1960s while he stayed in place.
Of course, they had their enablers in the hierarchy as well.
“[Trump’s] not ever going to become president, right?
Republicans still don’t get that no amount of appeasement will stop the left from demonizing them anyway.
But he should also have made a huge number of friends.
That’s the real threat!
The WikiLeaks Files: T... WikiLeaks Best Price: $2.50 Buy New $7.00 (as of 05:50 EDT - Details)
India can scarcely afford this form of turmoil. The students and other citizens on the streets are those who are trying to spare India the chaos the BJP has in store for the country.
When it comes to the separation of children from their families, there is nothing new today that was not being done during the Obama reign.
The New York Times could not find a single person who could corroborate Ramirez’s claims.
Thought Judge Brett Kavanaugh has been through at least 6 FBI background checks, because of Senate Democrat temper tantrums and RINO Republican Senator Jeff Flake's desire to have another FBI investigation into allegations of sexual misconduct by Kavanaugh with zero evidence, President Trump succumbed to the pressure and issued an executive order on Friday that authorizes another FBI background check into Kavanaugh.
He’ll be back.
I’m given to understand that some houses of the Congregation of the Oratory ask candidates to come with an independent income, which, given what we’re seeing elsewhere doesn’t sound like a bad idea.
These guidelines are collated by professional Bioethicists applying their utilitarian criteria.
The Senate Homeland Security Committee’s permanent subcommittee on investigations probe contends that the Obama administration went out of its way to keep U.S. lawmakers in the dark about calculated and secretive efforts to give Tehran a back channel to the international financial system and to U.S. banks, facilitating a massive U.S. currency conversion worth billions of dollars.
“Jews were responsible for all of this filth and degenerate behavior that Hollywood is putting out, turning men into women and women into men,” Farrakhan said in his keynote speech.
The Guardian has painted social media chiefly as a platform overrun by Russian trolls, arguing that this should justify ever-tighter restrictions that have so far curbed critical voices of the dissident left more than the right.
Authorities extracted a video from his cell phone and are analyzing it to try and see if it could help point to a motive.
Why not demand the US pull out all its 28,500 troops in South Korea and some 2,000 military technicians at air bases?
U.S. Code 2381 says: “Whoever, owing allegiance to the United States, levies war against them or adheres to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort within the United States or elsewhere, is guilty of treason and shall suffer death, or shall be imprisoned not less than five years and fined under this title but not less than $10,000; and shall be incapable of holding any office under the United States.”
Khashoggi wrote opinion columns for the Washington Post critical of the Saudi royal family.
It is in the next paragraph that Murillo openly admits that Google made a “silent donation,” in her words, paying for rides to polls via leftist organization Voto Latino.
— Noah Bierman and Chris Megerian
The next kid who says anything to me about wanting to enter the diocesan priesthood, I’m going to ask, “How sound is your investment portfolio?” The next candidate for religious life, I’ll ask, “Great!
And where did this “emeritus” business come from?
Aliens arrested during this operation are from the following countries: Brazil (1), El Salvador (3), Guatemala (6), Honduras (1), Mexico (7), Romania (1) and Sierra Leone (1).
Many more instances have recently been documented in the press, showing that Pope Francis has defended homosexual clergy who committed serious sexual abuses against minors or adults.
According to Seeker, the forecast calls for a high probability of a G-1 or “minor” storm, which could strengthen to a G-2 or “moderate” storm depending on how the stream of particles hit the Earth.
1)Maintenance of the formal autonomy of the Carmels that still exist, but with the chance to transfer tasks gradually to the council of the Federation.
So which is it?
– Catherine Booth
Present problems: ageing of the sisters and a lack of vocations.
Clearly, we have an obligation not to abandon the Kurds, who took most of the casualties in liberating eastern Syria from ISIS.
— Tracy Wilkinson
It is a wide road that opens up before us.
Do these that teach such heresy not realize that every apostle, except John, was killed by hostile corrupt civil authorities opposed to their endeavors?
If it is true that we really are alone in this, then so be it.
Other parents are motivated by a desire to protect their children from the cultural Marxism that has infiltrated many schools.
On Sunday, a former classmate from Judge Kavanaugh's time at Yale accused the Supreme Court nominee of exposing himself to her at a party.
But I asked him what he knew how to do.
Work will continue in this area, in order to keep a balance within the communities, based on the present communities and the new vocations.
Carlson, in his exclusive report on Fox News Monday night, compared the revelations in the Google emails to the probe of Russian interference in the U.S. election to Special Counsel Robert Mueller—raising the question about how much influence tech giants like Google and Facebook have on election outcomes in the United States.
“We live in a time,” said U2’s Bono this week, “when institutions as vital to human progress as the United Nations are under attack.”
White House WON’T say if Trump will order Jeff Sessions to fire Robert Mueller
“It’s time for our leaders in Washington to follow the lead of America’s mayors and put public safety over NRA priorities.”
We don’t see eye-to-eye on everything, of course, but his faith and pastoral solicitude have for us been a light in the darkness and proof that God has not left us orphans.
A Suppression of Conscience
Her own details of the event don’t jibe (Four boys or three?
Dom Paul Delatte, OSB, Abbot of Solesmes
This council sees itself as a supervisory body and to give advice that will more or less replace the Assembly of the Federation.
You can see her photographed at the American Task Force of Palestine gala.
McFarland from her role as Deputy National Security Advisor and inserted Dina Habib-Powell, former Bush gatekeeper whose pals included Huma Abedin and Valerie Jarrett.
Any critic from within the EU should carefully read these resolutions.
“I hope to be able to call this, along with tax cuts and regulation and all the things I’ve done… in its own way this might be the most important thing because this was corrupt.”
The "other" employment survey, of households rather than businesses, also broadcast mixed signals—at least so far as the prospects for native-born workers are concerned.
At the very least, if the attack happened, he should be disqualified for lying.
The Cardinal lies shamelessly and prevails upon his Chancellor, Monsignor Antonicelli, to lie as well.
“Evil men understand not judgment” (Proverbs 28:5).
Whether he now has to go live in obscurity in some beach house in the Caymans, it will remain true: McCarrick is the “New Church.”
This point was brought out by Pope Pius XII in an address to Italian Catholic jurists on May 12, 1954, when he said:
Dating from its institution by God in Eden to its delegation after the Flood to men who would wield it in God’s name, it has threaded its way without interruption through the fabric of human civilizations until these latter days.
Far from being reassured of this by their bishops, many Catholic faithful today are informed that the modern Catholic Church is now an "inclusive community" that "welcomes all" and "judges none."
“According to estimates, the proportion of immigrants will grow at an accelerated pace in the European countries west of us,” said Orbán.
However, the Qur’an says: “Muhammad is the Messenger of Allah, and those who are with him are severe against disbelievers, and merciful among themselves” (48:29).
The Farrell family’s involvement in the Legion continues with his brother, Bishop Brian Farrell, who ordained 20 new priests to the questionable-but-officially-reformed community in 2015.
* John Bolton Richard Grenell Dina Powell Heather Nauert Ivanka Trump
This report was originally published by Tyler Durden at Zero Hedge
To Kavanaugh, bypassing the courts and tracking an individual without their consent is “constitutional.” In this line of thinking, the Fourth Amendment is not violated even if police trespass on someone’s physical property, or track someone’s cell phone.
On Monday, D.C.’s archbishop, Cardinal Donald Wuerl, former longtime leader of the Pittsburgh diocese, warned his priests in a letter that the probe will be “profoundly disturbing.”
As Mario herself conceded “ultimately after all was said and done, the Latino community did come out to vote, and completely surprised us.
But Korea is now on the back burner as Trump wages trade wars around the globe.
The very intensity and nastiness of former CIA Director Brennan and former Director of National Intelligence Clapper is an attempt to distract attention from their failure to protect America.
Murdering infidels thus doesn’t contradict the spirit of Ramadan; it embodies it.
“It came to our attention earlier this evening that a part-time employee was captured on cell phone video assaulting another person at a local eatery,” the Rumble bar in San Antonio posted on its Facebook page.
“Do we allow this to go on, or do we make a stand?”
She died on the street outside the building where she had lived for thirty years.
Podesta would later become chairman of Hillary Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign.
Make Senators go on the record with their votes, and hold them to account in November.
Even if cultural Marxism did not dumb down education, concerns that government schools are indoctrinating children with beliefs that conflict with parents’ political, social, and even religious beliefs would motivate many families to homeschool.
You are a hateful sad man, I pray to Allah you get the help you need and find happiness.”
54 Affiliation is a particular form of help that the Holy See establishes in particular situations in favor of the community of a monastery sui juris which has only an asserted autonomy, but in reality, very precarious or, in fact, non-existent.
In all but a few months of the Obama Administration, native-born workers have lost ground to immigrants
My memo of December 6, 2006 was kept by my superiors, and was never returned to me with any actual decision by the superiors on this matter.
[3] Just considering the numbers of course.
Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court?
However, that should not be good enough for the people of Broward County nor the state of Florida.
Mark Shea, easily the most insufferable of the neo-Catholic polemicists, has quickly followed Winters and Allen in trying to cast doubt on Viganò ’s claims.
take our poll - story continues below
The Act does not apply to tribal areas of Tripura, Mizoram, Assam and Meghalaya because of being included in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. Also, areas that fall under the Inner Limit notified under the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation, 1873, will also be outside the Act's purview. This keeps almost entire Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram, Manipur and Nagaland out of the ambit of the Act.
Mostly because the country would not last long without an outside high IQ elite to run the country.
A recent post to the official Regnum Christi website shows that Cardinal Kevin is still close enough to the Legion-related “lay” organisation to hire dicastery staff from their ranks.
Seems only fair.
And he said, I will not destroy it for twenty's sake.
“Why, we ask the western world, why not raise one’s voice over so much ferocity and injustice?” asked Cardinal Angelo Bagnasco, the head of the Italian Bishops Conference (CEI).
Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news, every morning — in your inbox.
Jordan concluded that Rosenstein “made the decision that we had to wait a month.”
Despite large scale anti-CAA protests held abroad, ANI has only posted articles and tweets about scanty pro-CAA demonstrations. As a wire agency which provides updates to various news agencies in South Asia, ANI‘s bias has the potential to function as the fodder of misleading information amplified by the mainstream media. The omission of anti-CAA reports on ANI feed gives readers the impression that the legislation has been largely welcomed by the Indian diaspora living abroad when in reality, people have come out in large numbers to oppose CAA.
The latter think that removing guns will suddenly force humanity to stop all animosity toward one another, hold hands, and sing Kumbaya.
What’s your trade?
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
That’s the nexus of a letter allegedly acquired by Democrat Senator Dianne Feinstein in July but dropped on the last days before the vote for Kavanaugh’s confirmation.
No, they won't try.
This first allegation was held in secret for weeks by a Democratic member of this committee, and by staff.
* Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker
“I’m not sharing my personal opinions very broadly, but wanted to share openly here in the circle of trust,” she wrote.
No one has mentioned his name.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
It should be noted that McCarrick, then President of the Catholic University of Puerto Rico, also participated in that inauspicious undertaking which was so harmful to the formation of the consciences of American youth, closely associated as it was with the deviated wing of the Jesuits.
Additional policemen arrived quickly.
The death penalty is based on the common teachings of theologians, but is not itself a declared dogma.
For reasons, all we heard at the time was, essentially, “I’m tired.” There was some implication that he didn’t feel up to international travel anymore, so couldn’t make it to World Youth Day and similar events.
The conversation began normally, with Clinton hypocritically toeing the progressive line of identity politics by explaining how each of the groups are different but can be managed by the same liberal movement:
When he got back into bed, the agonizing sound hit him again; as if, he told doctors, he had walked through some invisible wall cutting straight down the middle of his room.
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Like Valerie Jarrett.
* John Bolton Richard Grenell Dina Powell Heather Nauert Ivanka Trump
When he first put up WikiLeaks, he wrote that the whole idea of transparency, honoring people’s right to know, was the central aim of the website.
Trump alleged in a morning tweet series that the former FBI director is “Disgraced and discredited,” claiming his staff amounts to nothing more than a “group of Angry Democrat Thugs.”
Sodano even went so far as to issue a statement to the Vatican press office in which a falsehood was affirmed, that is, that Pope Benedict had decided that the Maciel case should be considered closed.
Attorneys backed by George Soros are helping caravan migrants get asylum in the United States.
The motivation for the marriage remains unclear.
According to NBC News, the caravan has increased in size to over 4,000.
They want to get behind Russia-gate freaks like Congressman Adam Schiff and Mike Pompeo, who would like to see Assange in jail forever or even executed.
Disapproval for Kavanaugh … is at an unprecedented level for a Supreme Court nominee amid the allegations against him, according to a new USA TODAY/Ipsos Public Affairs Poll.
take our poll - story continues below
It also said that CAA is violative of the basic principle of secularism enshrined in the Constitution. Besides, the plea has stated that the Passport (Entry to India) Amendment Rules, 2015 and Foreigners (Amendment) Order are ultra vires (beyond Centre's authority) the Constitution and be declared void.
He even told the members of that organization – an organization that has killed dozens of Americans – that Trump would put them in charge of Iran!
“We never anticipated that 29% of Latinos would vote for Trump.
In doing so, he put other seminarians at risk.
“Despite claims both before and after the Iran deal was completed that the U.S. financial system would remain off limits, the Obama administration issued a specific license allowing Iran to convert billions of dollars in assets using the U.S. financial system,” Mr. Portman said.
Ideally, if the Democrats cannot apply enough pressure to force a withdrawal of Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination through their relentless campaign of character assassination, they want to push any Senate votes until after the midterm elections at the earliest.
“As long as I have life, I will sing to the Lord,
“Termination, now it’s the member’s responsibility … We can revoke everything but they could still be employed,” he said.
OK, I get they may pose a danger, but let's look at the reality here.
It said the CAA, the amended Passport Rules and Foreign Order are class legislations harping on the religious identity of an individual, thereby contravening the principles of secularism, which has been recognised by the court as a basic structure of the Constitution.
After former Democratic IT aide Imran Awan allegedly threatened his stepmother not to talk to police, her email account was accessed in suspicious ways and a lawyer for one of Awan’s brothers found out she emailed the FBI on specific dates and lashed out at her: “You’re a liar, aren’t you?” Days after that, a bank account the stepmother controlled was almost completely drained through a payment to Imran’s brother, Abid Awan, bank records show — but she said she is too afraid to press criminal charges because she claims he has threatened her.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Her accusation will not be proved true or false.
The hats have become noticeable and are often an outward expression of support of President Donald Trump.
If it is a deception, why participate in it?
Among those who commented on the video’s original posting was Donald Trump Jr., who retweeted a story about the assault against the teenager.
Deep State DOJ tool Rod Rosenstein refuses to comply with Trump’s executive order as afforded him by the US Constitution.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
Latino voters voted for Trump more in Florida than in other states (31%), and FL was critical by popular vote and the electoral college.
It is over.
She hired a Clinton attorney, Lisa Banks
Ford’s request for an FBI probe is “clearly a desire to delay proceedings,” diGenova said.
This contention itself is an expression of the radical feminist narrative of innate male feral sexuality that makes them sexual predators.
When a little time goes by, and you have drawn conclusions, perhaps I will speak about it, but I would like your professional maturity to do this work.
Recently the group declared that Hispanics – ALL Hispanics are in President Trump’s “crosshairs.” They said they plan to respond to this by registering another million additional Hispanic voters in the next Presidential cycle.
Fausti said that Benedict met with Martini at the bishops’ palace of Milan in June 2012.
God ordained the power, and that “rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil."
And when he had apprehended him, he put him in prison, and delivered him to four quaternions of soldiers to keep him; intending after Easter to bring him forth to the people.
Once the truth is accepted that jihadis are inspired and sanctioned by their Islamic texts, it must logically become required that mosques, Islamic schools and groups have to immediately curtail any teaching that motivates sedition, violence, and hatred of unbelievers (i.e.
Does anyone (except for the neocons) really believe it is better to unleash terrorists on a population than to engage them in trade and travel?
While the US still has very little intel about the composition of the migrant caravans, one way or the other the White House plans to outmatch the number of potential illegals and, if not, suppress them with brutal force.
Besides, diGenova explained, the eleventh-hour sexual abuse claim leveled against Kavanaugh is a non-federal matter and in this case the alleged assault hasn’t even been clearly outlined by the alleged victim.
‘I thought he might inadvertently kill me,’ said Ford.
But there is one thing Barack Obama has on all competitors: treason.
In many parishes and ecclesial institutions, it is already tradition to offer blessings of couples around the time of his feast day.
Story with @Haleaziz on this https://t.co/SpLVnl3bAT pic.twitter.com/1nGFRNJanJ take our poll - story continues below Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back?
Perhaps this video from a couple of years ago will be useful to those considering home-schooling this fall:
A large percentage of Latino voters in Florida were new voters who had become citizens just in time to vote.
For obvious reasons I can’t identify them, even to say what country they are in.
Iranian officials said the increase, while provocative, does not violate its commitments under the nuclear accord.
I have contacted the school’s principal, Dr.
They deliberately refused to bring up the allegations, as weak and ridiculous as they are, at Kavanaugh’s Senate confirmation hearings because they didn’t want to have a rational discussion.
COPYRIGHT 2018 CREATORS.COM
The outbreak, declared by the DRC health ministry on Tuesday, is the DRC’s ninth known outbreak of Ebola since 1976,when the deadly viral disease was first identified in then-Zaire by a Belgian-led team.
The Republican Party of Bush I and II, of Bob Dole and John McCain, is history.
Later, Cody Wilson, 25, a law student at the University of Texas and founder of the non-profit group Defense Distributed, had produced a 3-D printed handgun made entirely of ABS plastic with only a metal firing pin.
Just out of hospital, I was in no shape to compete with the great Economist or its very witty headline writers.
So Trump’s solution was more show-biz.
Reuters reports on the caravan.
On Monday special counsel Robert Mueller said Manafort lied to investigators, violating his recent plea deal.
Now, from East Africa to Sri Lanka in the Indian Ocean, and from the South and East China Sea to Taiwan, Beijing’s expansionist ambitions have become clear.
The surge of children into the US from various countries south of the border was said to be the result of economics, high crime rates, and actual threats from organized crime entities.
Or would that be “islamofauxbic”?
The Eerie Silence
Awan removed the stepmother, Samina Gilani, as the longstanding beneficiary of the policy and replaced her with himself around the period of his father’s death, according to legal and insurance papers.
“He expressed an interest in seeing some of the latest statements made by Farrakhan vis-a-vis Jews, which we promptly shared with him.” The congressman wasn’t sure why the ADL wrote that he had been misquoted in his praise for the anti-Semite, and said he wasn’t sure if someone from his office had told the ADL he was misquoted, he told The Daily Caller News Foundation on Sunday.
What merciful praise for Martin’s book, Cardinal Farrell!
“The Barros case is putting the Pope, for the first time, in the middle as a principal in a cover-up,” Yore said during the interview.
take our poll - story continues below
Indeed, Ratzinger himself maintained that he had never changed his theological opinions.
Another who evaded capture had a conviction for sodomizing a drugged victim in 2012, as well as a DUI from this year -- that Mexican citizen had also been previously deported in 2013.
I told her that there are too many counterfeits, self-proclaimed leaders, out there who care more about saving face, than they do the souls of men (Luke 19:10), as well as saving their country.
Perhaps Catholic financial advisors could be encouraged to set up a programme to teach young men how to create a sound financial footing with investments.
In the case of the former Auxiliary Bishop Juan José Pineda, after the article published in the [Italian] weekly L’Espresso last February, Maradiaga stated in the newspaper Avvenire: “It was my auxiliary bishop Pineda who asked for the visitation, so as to ‘clear’ his name after being subjected to much slander.” Now, regarding Pineda the only thing that has been made public is that his resignation has simply been accepted, thus making any possible responsibility of his and Maradiaga vanish into nowhere.
The stepmother, Samina Gilani, also previously said Imran stole two laptops from her.
[Editors' postscript: Please make sure to FOLLOW Jamie Glazov on Facebook as well as on Twitter (@JamieGlazov) to strengthen his social media strength in the face of the Left's vicious war on free speech.
9 Named After The Andromeda Constellation
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
In January, Traore was determined to be fit to stand trial.
But because the letter to the CHA was kept secret, many news outlets have not grasped that the House’s top cop documented a “missing server” connected to the Democratic Caucus.
Ray is a former member of the CIA but extremely principled.
And that in a nutshell shows what’s wrong with today’s FBI.
Such sanctions, he added, “are a vital foreign policy tool, and the U.S. government should never work to actively undermine their enforcement or effectiveness.”
For five decades we played the Anglican game; as long as we don’t talk about it, there isn’t a problem.
#CBP has deployed resources to safely secure the area near Imperial Beach.
Everybody says well it was litigated and adjudicated—my case was never litigated, it was never adjudicated.
* John Bolton Richard Grenell Dina Powell Heather Nauert Ivanka Trump
Late Thursday, Sen. Charles E. Grassley (R-Iowa), the Judiciary Committee chairman, said that his staff had discussed the issue with Ford’s attorney earlier in the day and that he would consult with his fellow committee members about the next move.
He said the group was a toothless, paper-shuffling exercise.
There the Cardinal stayed cooped up for the next 15 years.
Throughout the history of the Church, it has been the prerogative of bishops to establish houses of contemplatives in their own dioceses.
In Geneva, the World Health Organization (WHO) said lab tests in the DRC confirmed the presence of Ebola virus in two out of five samples collected from patients.
He then went on in a university speech to encourage the revolution and to persevere against the sanctions of the US, whom he referred to as the “Great Satan.”
The intention is to deeply discredit Assange, and by extension the Wikileaks organisation, in the eyes of right-thinking liberals.
But it wasn’t true.
Being Skeptical Of Documented Liars Attacking a Supreme Court Nominee Is A Good Thing - Here's Why
The congresswoman also told Kiko she had invited Awan’s whole family to her daughter’s bat mitzvah and said she had “helped him with a land deal,” the sources said.
Wikileaks publicly denied the Guardian's claims 90 minutes before the story was first published.
Furthermore it is impossible that the intelligence agency – who were in charge of the security – would not know the identity of these alleged “Russians”.
Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
You may opt out at anytime.
The number of unemployed Americans fell by 763,000—down 12.7%, while the number of unemployed immigrants fell 129,000—down by 11%.
The mayor’s move endangered ICE officers and alerted their targets, Homan asserted, “making clear that this reckless decision was based on her political agenda.” He said 864 “criminal aliens and public safety threats remain at large in the community, and I have to believe that some of them were able to elude us thanks to the mayor’s irresponsible decision.” Fox News, which was given a ride-along with ICE officers during the operation, reported that agency officials were asking the Department of Justice to investigate whether Schaaf broke any laws.
Kavanaugh stole the show.
The same can be said for Cardinal William Levada, former Prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, for Cardinals Marc Ouellet, Prefect of the Congregation for Bishops, Lorenzo Baldisseri, former Secretary of the same Congregation for Bishops, and Archbishop Ilson de Jesus Montanari, current Secretary of the same Congregation.
We have a daughter still in high school and three in grade school.
take our poll - story continues below Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.?
It wasn’t aimed at all potential voters.
The victims’ symptoms include “hearing loss, dizziness, tinnitus, balance problems, visual difficulties, headaches, fatigue, cognitive issues and sleeping problems.”
The critical miscalculation, Murillo wrote in a stunning admission in the email, was that Latino voters backed Trump by higher margins than any experts had forecast in the lead-up to the election.
Citizenship Act of 1955: Provisions and Amendments
Senator Schumer is fulfilling his promise to oppose Judge Kavanaugh with "everything I've got."
There is a baffling and shameful silence in our culture’s sphere of comedy, especially in Hollywood and our media, with regard to the myriad ingredients of Sharia and Jihad that merit at least a million hilarious satirical sketches.
The poor, the middle income.
All of this happened before Bergoglio, bowing to worldwide public pressure, finally—only weeks ago—took decisive action against his “trusted counselor.” McCarrick had lobbied for Bergoglio’s election, along with Maradiaga and the infamous Cardinal Danneels, who covered up homosexual rape committed by a priest against his own nephew,has supported “same-sex marriage,” and advised the King of Belgium to sign a law legalizing abortion in 1990.
We must tear down the conspiracy of silence with which bishops and priests have protected themselves at the expense of their faithful, a conspiracy of silence that in the eyes of the world risks making the Church look like a sect, a conspiracy of silence not so dissimilar from the one that prevails in the mafia.
Because there is no doubt that businesses employing illegal aliens are committing a crime.
Honestly, I see a ton of corruption and warmongering in our own government that rivals some of that of governments that America stands against.
Soros, for his part, compared Orbán unfavourably to both the Nazis and the Communists, saying his rule evoked dark tones from the 1930's, when Hungary was allied with Nazi Germany.
With the legislative fight over DACA, the Trump Administration needs to include legislative language including more restrictions on kritarchs who want to make American immigration policy, as well as other reforms to lower legal immigration, build the wall, and deport illegals here.
His opponents in the Senate have transformed their “advise and consent” function into a campaign of no-holds barred character assassination.
Instead of fighting for their posterity and shutting down the illegalities of sodomy in all 50 states, they teach them to just do their best to understand that they cannot help themselves while God say’s the opposite (Leviticus 20:18).
Consider that and then, please, support the petition by clicking here.
The legitimately established Federation is a public juridic person in the Church and is therefore able to acquire, possess, administer, and alienate temporal, movable and immovable goods, which are ecclesiastical assets, in accordance with the universal and proper law.
On January 5, 2020, ANI tweeted images from a pro-CAA rally in Chicago held on January 4 and said, “USA: Members of Indian diaspora demonstrate in Chicago, in support of #CitizenshipAmendmentAct. (4.1.2020).” Alt News could also find a report about this event on ANI’s website.
Nor had I ever thought of the fact that he had participated in the preliminary meetings of the recent conclave, and of the role he had been able to have as a cardinal elector in the 2005 conclave.
In fact, this binding and constant teaching of the Church was reaffirmed most recently in her most authoritative modern catechism, which holds the exact opposite position from that apparently held by many bishops:
How many more victims went ignored by investigators?
GOP lawmakers are figuring out how to respond to Ford’s request, the San Diego Union-Tribune reports:
Or what of the account found in Acts 12:1-11, where the Lord sent an Angel to liberate Peter from the hands of tyrants.
ADVANTAGE NATIVE-BORN .
He is the editor of Frontpagemag.com, the author of the critically-acclaimed, United in Hate: The Left’s Romance with Tyranny and Terror, and the host of the web-tv show, The Glazov Gang.
Given that we shall see below that the provisions for suppression of monasteries include vague and indefinable qualities like “vitality in living and transmitting the charism” and “dynamic fidelity” to the order’s charism, and that the goods of extinct monasteries will be assumed by the federation, one might be forgiven for asking if this creates an incentive to see to it that certain houses go extinct[8].
And disgraced themselves by doing so.
The transcript of Kavanaugh's Tuesday interview also cited another anonymous claim of sexual misconduct involving Kavanaugh, dating back to 1985 and sent to the office of Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse (D-R.I.), which the judge also flatly denied to investigators.
We see this kind of corruption all over the world, why should believe that these officials could be immune to acting on their personal biases?
Because these stipulations are found in the Qur’an, they cannot be questioned or set aside.
Image via Columbia University Asian American Alliance
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Those efforts didn't work.
The DOJ and the FBI are expected to submit proposed redactions to the Office of the Director of National Intelligence – which will prepare a package for Trump to sign off on.
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Tom Wells, author of the exhaustive exposé “The War Within: America’s Battle Over Vietnam,” explained the media egregiously erred in “almost exclusive reliance on U.S. government officials as sources of information” and “reluctance to question official pronouncements on ‘national security issues.’”
Kavanaugh informed the committee he was willing to testify Monday.
Saucier confessed to taking photos of the submarine back in 2009 when he served as a 22-year-old machinist mate, saying he wanted to show the pictures to his family and future children.
No matter which category you choose, you won’t be finding many white men.
The year-over- year reduction in the immigrant working-age population does not mean new immigrants have stopped coming in.
More importantly, CAA and NRC do not violate Article 14 of the Indian Constitution. Those harping about "Right to Equality" under Article 14, have no problem in taking specific privileges conferred on minorities in India under Articles 29 and 30. Why? Is it a case of wanting to "having your cake and eating it too?" Of course, yes!! In any case, all rights including those under Article 14, are not absolute but subject to "reasonable restrictions" pertaining to "public order, morality and health".
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
I realize it’s a challenge, but few challenges have greater payoffs in this world or the next.
They are fully in support of violating the Fifth Amendment rights of otherwise law-abiding citizens based on merely the fact that someone claims that a family member is a harm to themselves or others, even though they have not committed a crime.
“It is legitimate and necessary to ask oneself if this is not perhaps part of a new ideology of evil, perhaps more insidious and hidden, which attempts to pit human rights against the family and man.”
For fifty years the Democrats have proven they will demonize conservatives as racist and sexist no matter how often they bow and scrape.
“It is true.
Already burdened with Rohingya refugees from Myanmar, Bangladesh is in no position to accommodate more refugees. Though the Indian government has consistently assured Dhaka that both the NRC and CAA are domestic issues and will not affect Bangladesh, Dhaka’s concern is natural because Bangladesh is at the heart of the foreign nationals’ issue which has spread from Assam to the other parts of India. For the BJP, it is part of the ideological agenda to free India of alleged Bengali Muslims from the neighbouring country.
Unfortunately, health care workers are at the greatest risk as they try to cull the suffering: which is why they will be the first to get the experimental vaccine.
The spread of clerical sodomy has not respected national boundaries but rather extends throughout the Church under the eyes of a Vatican apparatus that is itself thoroughly infested with homosexuals.
* Yes, military force should be used.
Q. Why do we need so many exercises-Census, NPR, Aadhar-to keep a count of the people in India?
cultureSHOCK, an annual charity showcase featuring a fashion show, productions by various student groups and a famous performer, aims to provide a platform for Asian American artistic expression and breakthrough harmful stereotypes.
Don’t allow yourself to be fooled: arm yourself with the truth by preordering The History of Jihad From Muhammad to ISIS — click here to do so now.
Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer
Influential Roman: Talk him up.
The date set for the audience with the Pope was Friday, June 21, 2013.
SMITH: “That’s not for them to know… That’s not for them to know.
As a matter of fact, these counterfeits will be the first ones to get angry with and denounce and attack the ones that are sent by the Spirit of God (Galatians 4:29).
Even when police forced the man to surrender his firearm, the man made no threatening gesture toward the officers.
The Catholic Church is following Pope Francis’ lead, and Francis has said: “Christian terrorism does not exist, Jewish terrorism does not exist, and Muslim terrorism does not exist.
Horowitz said Comey didn’t see the whole thing, but explained that he allowed those the IG team had criticized to have a look before release.
Faggioli’s propaganda piece now becomes merely illustrative of the points to be made here in light of this astonishing and indeed providential development.
According to payroll records, Abid’s sister-in-law, Hina Alvi, was the Caucus’ systems administrator.
She ignored a court order, mixed invalid provisional ballots in with valid ones, and destroyed ballots, but don't worry, a Democrat attorney says that doing so has nothing to do with fraud or corruption.
If you keep a handgun in the bedside table and drink beer regularly, you may [be] in trouble.
He may have also unlocked a new era of digital DIY gunmaking that further undermines gun control across the United States and the world—another step toward Wilson's imagined future where anyone can make a deadly weapon at home with no government oversight.
His treatment amounts to the most unprecedented persecution.
The teacher still has not corrected the error that calligraphy was started by the arabs.
And he spoke about holding out hope that there would be a different response from the Pope, discussing specifics of getting the letter to the Francis via Cardinal O’Malley.
Our commitment towards the distinct linguistic, cultural and social identity of the people from North-east has also been reiterated many times at several levels in the past. The Historians are aware of the fact that Mohammed Ali Jinnah, in the National Assembly of Pakistan, had once said that Pakistan would be a secular, democratic and modern nation but unfortunately, it turned out to be the biggest historical lie. The moment Pakistan came into existence, atrocities on its minorities started with their mental and physical exploitation on a large-scale, which forced them to flee from there. In a statement on February 27, 1950, the then Congress president Pattabhi Sitaramayya said: “Struggle and pain continue unabated and it creates a crisis every now and then. At present, the mandatory task is to protect the minorities from East and West Bengal.”
Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska — whose votes will probably be needed to put Kavanaugh on the high court.
The fix was in as early as May 2016, well before the FBI interviews of Hillary Clinton and of as many as 17 other key witnesses, when Comey began the process of drafting an exoneration memo.
“The European media,” he charged, “have not ceased to suppress the daily news of those who are suffering in Syria and they have even justified what is happening in our country by using information without taking the trouble to verify it.” And as for his brother bishops in France, “the conference of French bishops should have trusted us, it would have been better informed.
The McCarrick news – and all the stuff swirling around it like the latest about Bishop Pineda and his connection to Pope Francis through Cardinal Maradiaga – has not come in contrast to this but as an intrinsic part of it.
Horowitz confirmed that the IG is investigating whether FBI official Peter Strzok’s anti-Trump bias factored into the launch of the bureau’s Russia probe.
I think it's great that Mr. Saucier has been pardoned, I really do, but I continue to ask what a lot of Americans continue to ask, why does the known criminal Hillary Clinton remain at large in our country with her corrupt foundation taking in billions, her trashing our Republic and continuing to have a national voice?
We are seeing the final slide, the expected and inevitable result of the last 100 years.
Funny you should mention autonomy: Bioethics and the dissolution of “unviable” monasteries
Was this a violation of God's principles of submission?
During a homily at the Cathedral, he also praised the soixantehuitards: “the great outburst of the younger generation that suddenly wanted to take its place in life” that occurred in his city in May of 1968.
A gird failure would almost immediately fling the United States into a state of panic, and it’s always good to be prepared just in case.
Hersh also reported additional names of former U.S. officials paid to speak in support of MEK, including former CIA directors James Woolsey and Porter Goss; New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani; former Vermont Governor Howard Dean; former Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation Louis Freeh and former U.N.
Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
I answered him with complete frankness and, if you want, with great naiveté: “Holy Father, I don’t know if you know Cardinal McCarrick, but if you ask the Congregation for Bishops there is a dossier this thick about him.
And so he did.
Native-born American employment rose a whopping 349,000 – up 0.27%
His lawyers declined to answer the Guardian’s questions about the visits.
And we are immensely grateful for all the massive support that was given to us across the Internet, including especially from Breitbart, PJMedia, WorldNetDaily and Thomas Lifson at American Thinker.
"The DNA of our culture is preserved.
These spaces have closed completely.
Rich Penkoski is hardly the first to protest this egregious submission to the most vicious and brutal ideology on the face of the Earth.
The judge’s husband is a figure deep within the national security establishment in Britain who was named in WikiLeaks documents.
Turkish officials “seemed pretty confident the Saudis will permit them to do things they need to do to complete” the investigation, Pompeo told reporters traveling with him.
The Auschwitz camp, which is in southern Poland, was a major and exceptional camp for detention, torture, and forced labor.
Within a week of the initial uploading, the file could be downloaded on the Internet from over 4,000 different computers around the world.
Also, keep in mind that magistrates have limited and defined authority in civil matters.
The number of unemployed native-born Americans fell by 628,000—an 11.3% drop; immigrant unemployment fell by 188,000—an 18.3% reduction.
We are considering all legal options against the Guardian who proceeded with this story even after being notified by my representatives that it was false.”
JP: I thought the image of Ray being hauled off was particularly telling.
India is a secular, sovereign and peace-loving country. Perhaps it is the only country in the world that has justified the slogan of 'Unity in diversity'. Perhaps this is why citizens of many countries want Indian citizenship.
“I think that was what they wanted to write.
Number of convents: 16
Americo, the life insurance company, said there was “great doubt” about who the rightful policy holder was, given the allegations of fraud, and sent the decision to the courts to sort out on April 14, two months after the House sargent-at-arms banned the Awans for “suspicious activity.”
To our seminarians: If you are unchastely propositioned, abused, or threatened (no matter by whom), or if you directly witness unchaste behavior, report it to me and to the seminary rector.
The deeper crisis that must be addressed is the license for sin to have a home in individuals at every level of the Church.
Rep. Danny Davis was For/Against/For/Against Farrakhan
Fox News notes that ICE officials are asking the Department of Justice to look into whether she broke any laws by doing so.
None of that is discussed in the Guardian or considered grounds for disqualifying Blair as an arbiter of what is good for Britain and the world’s future.
––why has Grassley so far allowed himself to be played by the Dems?
* Yes, military force should be used.
Your Eminence, before I left for Washington, you were the one who told me of Pope Benedict’s sanctions on McCarrick.
The appointments of Blase Cupich to Chicago and Joseph W. Tobin to Newark were orchestrated by McCarrick, Maradiaga and Wuerl, united by a wicked pact of abuses by the first, and at least of coverup of abuses by the other two.
It was necessary for her [the Church] to raze the old bastions and confide only in the protection of the faith, the power of the word that is her unique, true, and permanent strength.
Even if the final exclusions from a nationwide NRC are, say, only 5% of the population, that would mean at least 6.5 crore individuals across India. Now there are many Hindus, predominantly in the Northeast, West Bengal and to an extent in Gujarat, Delhi, Rajasthan and Punjab, who can trace their ancestry to the three countries included in the citizenship law. Shah said in Parliament that no documents will be asked of those who apply for citizenship under the new law, giving a possible exit route to some of the Hindus potentially excluded from the NRC.
Spencer rightly stresses that the paradigm has to become that Muslim communities have to win the “trust” of intelligence and law enforcement agents, rather than the other way around, which is, absurdly and tragically, the case right now.
At last count, some 29 bishops have publicly declared Viganò’s allegations against Bergoglio credible and worthy of investigation.
They didn’t like the US taking sides in the Israel-Palestine conflict and they didn’t like US troops on their holy land.
The 1950-52 Korean War ended with a cease-fire, not a peace.
Manafort has denied the Guardian’s claims, while Assange has threatened to sue the Guardian for libel.
Maike Hickson quotes him, writing of this bizarre situation – in which each, of the so-called “Sankt Gallen Mafia” prelates, including Kasper, who openly campaigned for the effective abolition of Catholic moral teaching: “It was characteristic of the church’s effective truce [between conservatives and progressivists] that John Paul II himself had given most of them their red hats, elevating them despite their disagreement with his restorationist approach.”
4 – Powell’s Goldman Sachs group worked with Hillary Clinton’s State Department in a project announced by Clinton.
Regarding Ms. Ford’s accusation, they know that the proof so far is non-existent, aside from Ms. Ford’s own assertions contained in her confidential letter given to Senator Dianne Feinstein, the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, last July, and in her Washington Post interview.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO.
This is the quintessential denial of due process.
But Hillary Clinton is running around free, to this day.
For an exception to be made for Manafort and the “Russians” would have had to be a decision of the Government of Ecuador, not of Wikileaks, and that would be so exceptional the reason for it would surely have been noted in the now leaked supposed Ecuadorean “intelligence report” of the visits.
All four remain in agency custody.
They won’t be doing any of that now.
This will be of interest to Carmelite houses especially, since they tend to be generally more on the “conservative” end of things.
Just hours after finishing a tumultuous election recount, Broward Supervisor of Elections Brenda Snipes submitted her resignation, ending a 15-year tenure full of botched elections, legal disputes and blistering criticism.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
O death, where is thy victory?
“So, let’s go back to Mr. Gillum’s platform, right?” said Smith.
How convenient, coming just 4 days before the scheduled Senate Judiciary Committee vote!
Improbably, the Guardian has adopted Higgins as the poster-boy for a supposed citizen journalism it has sought to undermine as “fake news” whenever it occurs on social media without the endorsement of state-backed organisations.
Clearly wants to be head outside advisor, but didn’t seem like he wanted to push others out.
That is why, even though I had repeatedly been asked to do so, I always avoided making statements to the media, even when it would have been my right to do so, in order to defend myself against the calumnies published about me, even by high-ranking prelates of the Roman Curia.
The Guardian did not make a mistake in vilifying Assange without a shred of evidence.
“Any decision by your offices to share this material with the President or his lawyers will violate longstanding Department of Justice polices, as well as assurances you have provided to us.”
So strange was this new tone that speculation started circulating that he was under some kind of external compulsion, not free to speak his mind.
But recent abuse-related scandals, from Chile to Australia, have reopened wounding questions about accountability and whether church officials are still covering up crimes at the highest levels.
And the Lord said, Shall I hide from Abraham that thing which I do; Seeing that Abraham shall surely become a great and mighty nation, and all the nations of the earth shall be blessed in him?
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
Britain took part in an investigation which determined that Julian was a political refugee and that a great miscarriage of justice had been imposed on him.
It goes against everything the Green Party stands for.
He knew from at least June 23, 2013 that McCarrick was a serial predator.
So the system decided that he needed a psychiatric evaluation
©2018 Los Angeles Times, Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.
“I am ready to pass the torch,” she wrote in the letter, which made no mention of controversies surrounding the 2018 election.
(Some Final Thoughts on Joseph Ratzinger)
Then, lest the Church be perplexed, those members of the Church who are available have the power to judge which is the true pope, if it can be known, and if it cannot be known, [it has] the power to provide that the electors agree on one or another of them.”
The Hammonds’ attorneys had sought clemency from former President Barack Obama, The Oregonian reported.
His lawyers initially declined to answer the Guardian’s questions about the visits.
She can produce exactly zero witnesses
Emails reveal that hours before the announcement, a group called Centro Legal de la Raza sent the mayor information on what employers should do in case of an ICE raid.
After the Parkland school shooting, had Donald Trump simply used his bully pulpit to promote arming teachers and school employees as a deterrent and defense against these school shootings without calling for more gun control, it would have been a HUGE boost for the Second Amendment in general and school safety in particular.
Only seven years ago, the current prime minister said that when an Australian citizen is threatened in this way the prime minister should respond.
“Ultimately the consequences of these actions impact not only the senders of these messages but also other who worked on these investigation and, indeed, the entire FBI.”
Only the seriousness and luridness of the charges matter as they get aired over and over again in the 24-hour news cycle.
If one were to place on a bottle of sour cucumbers a tag “honey,” the cucumbers still remain sour!
This is a man who has, for 40 years, never troubled to hide his heterodox opinions and has devoted much of his life to a campaign to bring about precisely this outcome.
* Yes, he will be confirmed.
As Politico pointed out in a 2016 article, despite the neocon attempts to rewrite history, MEK have killed Americans and committed multiple acts of terrorism.
This is a f***ed up ass state.
Plainly the government of Ecuador is releasing lies about Assange to curry favour with the security establishment of the USA and UK, and to damage Assange’s support prior to expelling him from the Embassy.
His latest book, published May 9, is
When Trump defenders have fought back, social media companies have colluded with the Left to silence and intimidate them.
"It’s definitely a housing crisis," Gil told Reuters last week.
The point is that there were no righteous to be spared and the Lord did what man failed to do when they had the time to do it.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
Most of the aliens targeted by ERO deportation officers during this operation had prior criminal histories that included convictions for the following crimes: indecency with a child, assault, deadly conduct, aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, drug possession, drug trafficking, burglary, resisting arrest, firearms offense, alien smuggling, illegally entering the U.S., and driving under the influence (DUI).
More is now required of us than to put down our thoughts in writing, declaimed Jeff Flake in his oration against President Trump, just before he announced he will be quitting the Senate.
They said the Republican senators never interviewed former Obama administration officials involved, and noted that no Democrats were involved.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
A point that Dreher’s informants have brought up needs to be made emphatic: the homosexualist cabal that is currently reported to be dominant in the Catholic hierarchy (and don’t imagine this is confined to the United States or even to the English speaking world) have a well documented methodology of mutual protection-and-threat that keeps the whole apparatus afloat.
Sheikh Hasina’s government has been careful about not making any public comment, considering the excellent ties that the two countries enjoy. The most that the Prime Minister has said in an interview to a Gulf paper was that the CAA and NRC were ‘unnecessary’, though not forgetting to add that this was India’s internal matter.
The Hungarian leader has advocated "ethnic homogeneity" and compared Soros, a Jew, to a puppet master unleashing immigration onto Europe to undermine its cultural and economic integrity.
Friends, please give serious thought and prayer to home-schooling your children.
In a nation guided by fairness and law, a person is innocent until proven guilty.
Violence erupted in northeast Delhi on 24 February 2020 after hostility between the supporters of the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) and protesters spiralled out of control. At least 53 people died and nearly 200 were left injured due to the horrific clashes.
The altered forms surfaced in Broward, Santa Rosa, Citrus and Okaloosa counties and were reported to federal prosecutors to review for possible election fraud as Florida counties completed a required recount in three top races.
“I took control of the Department of Justice the day I was sworn in, which is why we have had unprecedented success at effectuating the President’s agenda — one that protects the safety and security and rights of the American people, reduces violent crime, enforces our immigration laws, promotes economic growth, and advances religious liberty,” the AG said in a statement.
“Absolutely nothing”, Giáp replied.
And the one she has her eyes on now would be an even bigger disaster.
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 11, 2018
When I was installed here in St. Paul, he joined me at lunch along with my father, sister, godmother and then 12-year-old nephew.
For months, Trump’s lawyers also have argued that it’s impossible for the president to obstruct justice because his constitutional authority extends over the Justice Department.
In 2015 the British Guardian appointed Katherine Viner as editor in chief.
If Manafort went there, there's video.
The June 2017 application was the last of four filed by the Justice Department in support of FISA court orders allowing the monitoring of Page for nearly a year.
The president sent shock waves around the world with his May 8 decision to withdraw from the Iran nuclear pact and begin reimposing U.S. sanctions, which the U.S., Europe, China and Russia had collectively lifted in 2015 in exchange for Iran’s promise to curb its suspect nuclear programs and allow international inspections.
In just two days, 100,000 copies of the handgun blueprint were downloaded from Wilson’s website.
“Iran Admits To Facilitating 9/11 Terror Attacks,” by Adam Kredo, Washington Free Beacon, June 8, 2018:
The individuals she reportedly named in her unredacted confidential letter given to Senator Feinstein have either denied being at such a party or do not recollect what Ms. Ford has alleged.
Eastern leaders, most notably in Poland, have followed his lead.
Present problems: ageing of the sisters and a lack of vocations; we have not arrived at any practical conclusion in the way of amalgamations-restructuring though attempts have been made.
It was Iran Bush should have invaded after 9/11 , not Iraq.
1 – When she served as president of the Goldman Sachs Foundation, the philanthropic arm of the Wall Street giant, Powell repeatedly partnered with the Clinton Global Initiative for a globalist women’s project that served as the centerpiece of Goldman’s foundation.
To illustrate how shallow Catholic thinking on the death penalty has become and how far it has deviated from the age-old doctrine of the Church, a priest of a presumably traditional Catholic Fraternity writes in answer to a query addressed to him on the subject by saying:
He was an outstanding student and athlete with a wide circle of friends.
Contrary to the theme of mercy and compassion to LGBTs, it appears that your mentor, McCarrick set out to groom and grow an LGBT community.
Trump, in an interview that aired Thursday morning, also blasted Sessions because, he said, the former Alabama senator “never took control of the Justice Department.”
We are talking about acts and actions which are not only in violation of the sacred promises made by some, in short, sacrilege, but also are in violation of the natural moral law for all.
At that time, he filed forms “under penalty of perjury” that two houses were needed as “my spouse and I are legally separated under applicable non-bankruptcy law or my spouse and I are living apart other than for the purposes of evading the requirements.”
Why have we so often seen these men – compromised intellectually and morally – elevated to superior rank, despite the incredible brazenness of their hatred of the Catholic Faith?
A couple of years ago, I introduced you to the Hammon family, a rancher family out of Oregon that was targeted after the patriarch in the family and his son went to jail for doing what ranchers do, setting fires to protect property and livestock.
“The U.S. Constitution clearly states that all citizens are born with inalienable rights to be free from persecution by the government,” Saucier said.
“All three submitted statements to the Senate under – under penalty of felony, denying any knowledge of the events described by Dr. Ford.
Honduran president Juan Orlando Hernandez said in a public address on Tuesday evening some Hondurans in the caravan had already returned home and the government was preparing to support them.
“Team Bolton has spent years creating Plans B, C, and D for dealing with that problem.
It would be needed only if you couldn't take me out on the merits.
Then, in May, his Twitter account was temporarily suspended and he was forced to delete tweets he posted which directly quoted Islamic religious texts.
You may opt out at anytime.
In any case, neither he nor society is any longer burdened with the guilt of his wrongdoing.
But “family member” is defined to include “former dating partners” and anyone who has ever lived with the defendant.
Get what you need today in this early-morning email.
All of those in violation of the immigration laws may be subject to immigration arrest, detention and – if found removable by final order – removal from the United States.
Indeed, as technology increases, so does the desire of the state to use it to spy on us.
Ça va sans dire that my letter never received any reply!
This is not the ‘denuclearization’ of North Korea that has been bandied about.
But they will also be doing their sacred duty before God in reassuring their thoroughly scandalized flocks that they are absolutely committed to the defense and enforcement of the Church’s moral teaching at a time when it is under scurrilous attack from within.
But the real threat Trump represents is to the GOP establishment's control of the party's agenda and the party's destiny.
While campaigning, and after taking office, Trump frequently voiced support for Saucier, who in March became the second person he pardoned.
So, you have to whip up the Andrew Gillum voters again in those counties to vote out the Republican to get a Democratic Legislature in order for his (Gillum) will to be executed.”
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
BUDAPEST, Hungary, February 19, 2018 (LifeSiteNews) – Brushing aside any semblance of political correctness, Hungary’s Prime Minister said in his state of the nation speech on Sunday that, “Christianity is Europe's last hope.”
The source tells the Beacon that Bolton is “acutely aware of the danger the Iranian regime poses to the region.”
DB: One thing that disturbs me greatly is the way in which the Western corporate press speculate about Russian involvement in the U.S. 2016 election, that it was a hack through Julian Assange.
There is much, much worse about Omar.
Ms. Ford cannot corroborate her decades-old charge of sexual assault against Judge Kavanaugh.
To have the confiscation order lifted, the gun owner must provehe does not pose a threat to himself or others.
UK Bans Free Speech Activists While Admitting Numerous Preachers Of Jihad Violence, Hatred & Sharia
Personally, I trust very, very few politicians no matter the party that they claim.
“This is nothing more than a last-minute attempt at character assassination, and there should no delay in confirming Judge Kavanaugh.”
It did not allow Iran to send funds to the US or receive funds from the US.
As usual, Republicans’ seeming reasonableness is rewarded with more abuse by the Left.
When the Russians retaliated, the Trump administration closed the Russian consulate in Seattle.
Bishop Robert C. Morlino's letter to the faithful on the ongoing sexual abuse crisis in the Church
It's time that occurred.
In the meantime, it gives Wilson a unique license to publish data about those weapons anywhere he chooses.
However, now Ms. Ford has decided to do what she called her “civic responsibility” and tell her own story publicly.
Indeed, the Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi, and the Home Affairs Minister Amit Shah have consistently held that the CAA does not affect India’s external relations and India does not have any repatriation agreement with Afghanistan, Bangladesh or Pakistan.
Is this what is being preached from the pulpits across America today?
The New York Times has now run its own explainer piece on Farrakhan and the Dems which mentions the infamous Obama-Farrakhan photo.
The findings echo similar reports that caused the US to recall non-essential embassy staff from Cuba in 2017, after at least 24 US citizens suffered symptoms indicating they had been deliberately and covertly targeted.
He said he only wanted service mementos, but federal prosecutors argued he was a disgruntled sailor who had put national security at risk by taking photos showing the submarine's propulsion system and reactor compartment and then obstructed justice by destroying a laptop and camera.
Or for that matter, a certified accountant or an investment banker?
4. Citizenship by Naturalization
The Apostle warns us that we can only please God by preserving the integrity of our true life: ‘No man being a soldier to God, entangleth himself with secular businesses: that he may please him to whom he hath engaged himself.’ The world itself is scandalised by our condescending to it, and the words of the Imitation [of Christ] are always fulfilled: ‘Sometimes we think to please others by our company; whereas we begin rather to be displeasing to them by reason of the bad qualities they discover in us.’”
To them I turn and say, again, I am sorry for what you have suffered and what you continue to suffer in your mind and in your heart.
Giáp claimed that the attack had been imaginary.
The bottom line is, both the Left and the Trump Administration seem to be following along with a plan of action going back to Jade Helm which paved the way for the housing needed for such a huge influx of illegal immigrants and refugees.
Then what does it say about Shari’ah law?
He was more deferential on structure than I expected.
HANNITY: He was one of the nine.
Image: Ebola is a difficult illness to contain and efforts to stop it spreading are vital
But Moon’s pleas have been largely ignored by Trump.
What didn’t it do?
Meanwhile, a third caravan of migrants, this time from El Salvador, has reportedly already crossed into Mexico.
And Habib Powell was there as a presenter at the Middle East Institute after a speech by the PLO’s Hanan Ashrawi….Dina Habib Powell is a deep part of the Republican establishment.
Judging from other documents from already-federated Carmelites in Europe, it means in practical terms going in groups away from the monastery for days or weeks at a time to take “courses” together with novices from other monasteries.
He complained that he had been shut out of the process under Cardinal Rode, and later made a large and public point of appeasing and mollifying the most outspokenly heretical and politicised organisation of female religious in the world.
No, he will not be confirmed.
In 2015, the Second Amendment Foundation (SAF) and DD sued the State Department, arguing that "sharing instructions on how to make guns with 3D printers counts as constitutionally protected speech.
We must never underestimate the crippling effect of comedy on the totalitarian Mullahs of the world.
Federation: Italy - Lombardy
“Be not overcome of evil, but overcome evil with good.”
However, he noted that a false flag could be used to drag us into it.
“Creepy Lawyer” for porn star Stormy Daniels claims to represent a woman who also should be allowed to testify to the Senate Committee about Kavanaugh’s partying habits while at Yale.
They didn’t do it because we are so rich and so free, as the neocons would have us believe.
He can bring Julian Assange home.
The head of Iran’s nuclear agency, Ali Akbar Salehi, said Tehran is prepared to dramatically increase its capacity for enrichment but that the work so far is limited to building a facility for assembling the centrifuges.
How inconvenient that the homosexual network of clergy and prelates were blasted as predators and coverup enablers in the Pennsylvania Grand Jury Report, while the Instrumentum Laboris argues that:
Why, if he has any qualms, allow himself to be trotted out on such occasions, to read this blatant propaganda?
“There are many potential nominees with a conservative record on abortion, guns, and regulations.
"I thought my life was over," Wilson said after his attorneys told him he didn't fair well going up against the government.
Sanctuary City Mayor Protected Illegal Alien Mexican Rapist
The FBI has already conducted 6 background checks, no federal crime is alleged, and there is no forensic evidence to investigate after 30 years at a site that Ms. Ford cannot even identify.
This is the second time a caravan of migrants have gotten together and seem intent on pushing towards and across the US/Mexico border.
The whole sequence of events surrounding how this allegation has suddenly come to light reeks of a set-up, reminiscent of how Anita Hill surfaced in a last-minute attempt to derail Justice Clarence Thomas's Supreme Court confirmation.
Demonizing the ideology behind Islamic jihad is not an ethnic issue.
On their Facebook page, they wrote, “…We have since terminated this employee, as his actions go against everything that this establishment stands for.
What has been done: there has been one suppression and two convents have amalgamated
Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer
Turkish media reports, based in part on apparent audio recordings, have said Khashoggi was beaten to death and then dismembered in the building.
Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.), the ranking Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee that heard Judge Kavanaugh’s public testimony earlier this month during his Supreme Court confirmation hearing, had received last July a copy of a letter written by the woman making the charge, who we now know was Ms. Ford.
We’re not helpless.
It is no surprise, therefore, that Frontpage’s editor, and host of ‘The Glazov Gang,’ was suspended from Facebook for 30 days yesterday, on September 11, after posting his article, ‘9 Steps to Successfully Counter Jihad.’ Glazov believed that the article was more relevant and urgent than ever due to the skyrocketing jihadist stabbings in Europe — and to the 17th anniversary of 9/11 that was approaching the next day.
The particles collect at the north and south poles and interact with atmospheric gases to create the aurora borealis or the Northern Lights.
Its attitude was very much and deliberately optimistic.
*Please note that the below video contains racial slurs and could be considered violent to some.
You may opt out at anytime.
It is caused by a virus that has a natural reservoir in the bat, which does not itself fall ill, but can pass the microbe on to humans who hunt it for "bushmeat".
There is so much leftist dirt to uncover.
In a famous speech given in the 1930’s by Parson Martin Niemoller, he said that first the Nazis came for socialists, but he didn’t speak up because that didn’t concern him.
“The president, intentionally or not, is misdirecting his ire,” Vladeck said.
Chief U.S. District Judge Patti Saris in Boston found she had authority to ensure the Indonesians have a chance to argue that conditions in their home country had deteriorated significantly enough to reopen their cases for trying to stay in the United State.
After a previous statement, Rep. Davis made an infamous comment about the "Jewish question".
Get full access to our signature journalism for just 99 cents for the first four weeks.
Some Democrats are already using the Ramirez episode to push anew for a fresh FBI investigation and to postpone Thursday’s scheduled hearing.
On November 27 the Guardian prepared to publish a story which asserted that Paula Manafort, Trump's former campaign manager, had met Julian Assange, the publisher of Wikileaks, in the Ecuadorian embassy in London on at least three occasions.
Shaheen Bagh  - The epicentre
Article posted with permission from Constitution.com
The boy, Hunter Richard, said the man also pulled his hair while taking the hat, according to reports by News4SA.
Experts fear an “explosive increase” in Ebola cases after an outbreak in Congo entered a “new phase” and spread from the countryside to a city.
And now this, finally, a bishop with the courage to look the beast in the eye and speak its name out loud.
Watch all these sensitive lawmakers and high profile, activist attorneys scatter like mice from her once the Senate vote is over (regardless of the result).
It would be good if a clear sign of openness and invitation would be made by many more pastoral workers [male and female], in order to give the clear signal that love between two persons with equal rights are wished by God and thus already blessed.
British politician Nigel Farage once helped convince Britons to vote for Brexit and separate from the European Union, but British establishment politicians have done everything they could to sabotage that vote since then.
[Judge Orders U.S. To Delay Deporting Indonesians In Immigration Fight, by Scott Malone, Reuters, November 27, 2017]
Article posted with permission from The Free Thought Project
We are not alone and we will fight together and we will succeed.”
Hillary is still walking free.
Over a million precious works of art were sent on trains to be hidden in the Urals.
The first is our ‘Stop Soros’ law.”
The Hammond Pardons Bring Justice to Obama's Victims
I also oppose it because it's just another step for the federal government to say they need a database so states can check, thus identifying gun owners and possibly their weapons.
Is this one of Pope Francis little personal, secret expressions of which only he knows the meaning?
43 Autonomy of life, a constant prerequisite for maintaining juridical autonomy, must be constantly verified by the Federal President who, when in her judgment a monastery lacks autonomy of life, must inform the Holy See in view of the nomination of an ad hoc commission.
As men known to be incorruptible themselves, there is a big target painted on their backs.
But then, what was the Pope’s purpose in asking me that question: “What is Cardinal McCarrick like?” He clearly wanted to find out if I was an ally of McCarrick or not.
The confiscation order can be based on the testimony of only one person claiming that the gun owner poses a risk to the safety of himself or others.
Farrell, yet another promoter of Martin’s homosexual activism, arranged for Martin to “welcome ‘gay’ families” at the “World Meeting of Families” in Dublin from which Bergoglio has just returned.
According to Hersh, MEK members were trained in intercepting communications, cryptography, weaponry and small unit tactics at the Nevada site until President Barack Obama took office in 2009.
No elected government anywhere in the world will tolerate its men in uniform being attacked by vandals who endorse mobocracy. The CAA and NRC exercises are constitutional, legal and simply put, they symbolise the "greatest good of the greatest number".
They will not have sense.
Present Problems: In general, in our Association the vocations continue growing, but there are differences between the monasteries.
If due diligence had been performed, and reporters had raised appropriate doubts about the Gulf of Tonkin false flag, it’s arguable whether support for the contentious war would have lasted as long as it did and over a million lives would’ve been saved.
take our poll - story continues below
No, keep the military out of it.
Those conflicts, mostly centered on migration since people fleeing war and poverty in the Middle East and Africa flooded into Europe in 2015, have intensified as the elections approach and Orban poses as a savior of Europe’s Christian nations.
“The Department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation are already working with the Director of National Intelligence to comply with the President’s order.”
Undercover Video: Andrew Gillum Staffer: “None of the programs that people are hoping for would happen”
I will be using my position in Congress so that no country, not one, should be able to get aid from the U.S. when they still promote that kind of injustice.”
In 2010, while he was still a free man, the Sam Adams Associates for Integrity gave its annual award to Assange.
The high court normally has a complement of nine justices but with Associate Justice Anthony Kennedy’s retirement July 31, which cleared the way for Kavanaugh’s nomination, there have only been eight justices in place.
This emphasis is repeated so often one might almost think there is a concern in Rome that the “fruitful” post-conciliar monastic life is in danger of fizzling out… for… some reason…
Abid owned two homes despite a $1 million 2012 bankruptcy that might ordinarily have forced him to sell the second home to pay creditors.
Page left the FBI in May and Strzok got the axe last month.
“Top FL County Election Official Illegally Let People Vote Over Fax, Email,” by Randy DeSoto, Western Journal, November 13, 2018 (thanks to Mark):
Wasserman Schultz was defending someone investigators allegedly told her was suspected of cybersecurity violations, despite having resigned from her position as DNC head following a devastating hack during the 2016 election.
But the debate over this belongs in another forum.
But he is still a human being and he has taken such a battering.
As Secretaries for Relations with States, they participated several times a week in collegial meetings with the Secretary of State.
The complaint adds: “Due to the fact that these doctrinal messages calling for conversion to Islam were included in video format with vivid images and text, they possess greater communicative impact and are more likely to be accepted by the students viewing them than information that is spoken in a classroom or even written in a book.”
But while this internal grumbling took place, mainstream media dutifully reported official statements as if the veracity of the information couldn’t be disputed.
One criterion stands out as indeterminate, vague, compared with the other concrete and measurable standards.
﻿ As the caravan approaches the US border, President Donald Trump has signed an immigration decree requiring asylum seekers to apply at their point of entry to the country and barring illegal immigrants from requesting asylum.
Its divided and balanced powers were designed precisely to rein in overreaching ambition and concentrations of power.
When differences arise between the representatives of the State and those of the whole people of India, on questions of interpretation of the Constitution, which must affect the welfare of the whole people, and, particularly that of the people of the State concerned, it is too technical an argument to be accepted that a suit does not lie under Article 131 of the Constitution.
Still, the caravan had grown to about 4,000 people today.
While recent credible accusations of child sexual abuse by Archbishop McCarrick have brought a whole slew of issues to light, long-ignored was the issue of abuse of his power for the sake of homosexual gratification.
This moral turmoil in German dioceses has provoked concern and criticism among Catholics.
Possible solutions: we are making enquiries.
In addition to inviting Soros’ ire, Orbán came under fire a couple years ago from the U.S. State Department under President Obama as well as the European Parliament for purportedly discriminating against homosexuals because of Hungary’s insistence on defining marriage between a man and a woman, and that pre-born babies have rights.
It is an act of love to hate sin and to call others to turn away from sin.
take our poll - story continues below Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court?
Probably she thinks that if she disavows these words now, she will be thought of as “Islamophobic” by a significant portion of her base.
Sharp barbed wire fences are being erected along the US-Mexico border as thousands of US troops, supported by drones and choppers, prepare to repel what the country’s commander-in-chief called a looming migrant “invasion” approaches the United States border.
If you have not already done so, I beg you to reach out, as hard as that may be, and seek help to begin to heal.
Article 131 in the Constitution reads:
2)Appointment of The Federal board or Federal Council of the Federation, preferably appointed by the Superior General.
Take note that civil government is to be, and must be, a “terror to good works.” It has no power or authority to terrorize good works or good, law-abiding people.
* John Bolton Richard Grenell Dina Powell Heather Nauert Ivanka Trump
Prosecutors said the timing suggests that the Awans had learned of their investigation, which a spokeswoman for Speaker of the House Paul Ryan, AshLee Strong, told TheDCNF was supposed to be secret.
Video of the incident reportedly was posted on a Facebook page with a request for the public to help identify the "scum bag of the year.” It racked up more than two million views before being removed or hidden, according to KENS 5.
After openly working against the Faith, instead of being demoted, silenced, laicised and/or excommunicated, John Paul II made him a cardinal.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
And then, and then as no doubt was expected, if not planned, came a long series of false last-minute smears designed to scare me and drive me out of the process before any hearing occurred.
To be clear, no Whataburger employees were involved or witnessed the incident, and we ask that questions be directed to San Antonio PD as we continue supporting their efforts.”
When an autonomous monastery , it is the responsibility ofto the Holy See.
* Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker
This is a smear, plain and simple.
“Let us beg forgiveness for our own sins and the sins of others,” he added.
take our poll - story continues below
Sadly, too many people want more amnesty which begs the question if any of them take the law seriously in the first place.
The report from Belgium – federated in 1997, average age 73 with one sister in formation for 11 monasteries – states tersely that their biggest problem is “ageing” but under “possible solutions” says only, “We want to continue along the path we have begun.”
Much of the information that he uses to chastise Strzok’s behavior and judgment in the Clinton email case, would have actually come from his current investigation into the Russia mess.
Following criticism he was not focusing on halting child abuse within the church, Francis created the Pontifical Commission for the Protection of Minors in March 2014, naming Cardinal Sean O’Malley, the archbishop of Boston, to run it.
Maccise also promoted the idea of having no superiors in the individual monasteries, but only federation presidents and shared formation of novices.
Pompeo refused to discuss possible consequences for those found responsible for Khashoggi’s disappearance, reiterating at least three times the “importance of the investigation.”
He’d testified about three bishops who had witnessed abuse, he said, but Barros had special significance for him because Barros’ part went beyond witnessing the abuse, to violating his seal of Confession with Karadima and psychological abuse through intimidation.
How about acting on principle for a change and shoot the alligator.
And now we have the DNC suing WikiLeaks!
Professed Christians in America today talk much of love through inaction, and yet know nothing of it (1 John 3:18).
“The department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation are already working with the Director of National Intelligence to comply with the president’s order.”
The social-media company has told author and commentator Jamie Glazov that their standards forbid his article about how to prevent jihadi attacks on Americans.
We promoted our partner the Latino Community Foundation’s non-partisan #YoVoyaVotaryTu (I’m going to vote, are you?)
The assault is also a cover-up.
What does all this mean?
In other words, there have been absolutely no problems whatever with the direction taken either by the Church or by the religious life since Vatican II.
This is a real issue.
More than 99 percent of victims were in the three West African countries, although cases occurred in other parts of the world, often stirring panic.
“Yeah, I know they all look alike,” Clinton joked, triggering howls of laughter from the apparently mind-numbed audience.
I have never called for such a ban, and oppose in principle the banning of any book.
Why not, one could say, since the Church is ready to bless nearly everything on the earth?
Reconciled to managed extinction
The Senate must vote!”
Delhi riots investigation
It has given people the information they have a right to have.
Earlier today I wrote: “FBI spokeswoman Gina Swankie and Travis spokesman Airman Christian Conrad declined to elaborate on the matter or identify the driver.
Here again, I state, as we have done consistently, if you have knowledge of any sort of criminal abuse of children by someone in the Church, contact law enforcement.
They willfully ignored the evidence of extreme danger should Assange be extradited to the United States.
The question is how many more are there?
The WikiLeaks Files: T... WikiLeaks Best Price: $2.75 Buy New $7.00 (as of 12:00 EDT - Details) There used to be spaces within the so-called mainstream for unbiased discussion, for the airing of real grievances and injustices.
Desperate Feinstein Pushes 30-Year-Old Claim About Sexual Misconduct Of Kavanaugh
RC: What about Theresa May and the British government?
Trump also continued to cast himself as a victim in the matter, saying when he attempts to “FIGHT BACK or say anything bad about the Rigged Witch Hunt,” his critics “scream Obstruction!”
The Clinton/Podesta emails, which appear to have made a number of people resentful, were published in the New York Times.
Ebola virus disease (EVD) was first discovered in 1976 in two simultaneous outbreaks.
The strongly worded statement came ahead of an Aug. 25-26 papal pilgrimage to Ireland, one of the countries rocked by clergy sex abuse scandals, and followed an expose of pedophile priests in the U.S.
Witnesses said Traore called Halimi a “demon” as he was pummeling her.
DB: There has certainly been a lot of collusion when it comes to Israel.
Maybe Trump has some more concessions up his sleeve, like cutting the number of US troops in the South.
The Federal Assembly:
And they called them, and commanded them not to speak at all nor teach in the name of Jesus.
The confirmation drama continues.
While the 69-year-old Jewish man (wearing a kippah on his head) was coming out of the synagogue, heading for a bakery near 17 rue Pelleport in Paris 20 th, he was attacked by a 19-year-old man, of North African descent, who hit him on the body and on the head, knocked down, pulled by the hair and beaten while shouting "Allah Akbar".
The White House ignored a Wednesday Wednesday about whether Trump will push the envelope further and order Sessions to fire Mueller.
According to Fox News:
"We don't think the fight is hopeless, on the contrary, we are winning," Orban said.
March 5th, 2017.
In fact, Barack Obama’s closest adviser Valerie Jarrett introduced Powell, who returned the introduction with effusive praise for Jarrett.
The well-documented details of this case are disgraceful and seriously scandalous, as is any covering up of such appalling actions by other Church leaders who knew about it based on solid evidence.
Theresa May’s relentlessly appeasement-minded government also admitted two jihad preachers who had praised the murderer of a foe of Pakistan’s blasphemy laws.
The school is backtracking and being deceptive to try and weasel out of this.
Another illegal immigrant from Mexico, previously deported in 2014 for a conviction for armed robbery, also evaded capture.
The Ron Paul Curriculum provides students with a well-rounded education that includes rigorous programs in history, mathematics, and the physical and natural sciences.
Dr R.B.Bhagat, Professor and Head of the Department of Migration and Urban Studies, International Institute for Population Sciences, Mumbai
In Volusia County, Florida, hundreds protested Islamic lessons in their “World History” text, a Common Core-approved high school history textbook.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
"We will gather more samples, conduct contact tracing, engage the communities with messages on prevention and control and put in place methods for improving data collection and sharing," said Dr. Matshidiso Moeti, the World Health Organization's (WHO) regional director for Africa, following the outbreak announcement.
What many do not realize is, today's policy of separating underage siblings from their parents once they cross the border illegally into the US seems to be a planned event by the US government going all the way back to the domestic military exercises known as Jade Helm in 2015.
And that is indicative of a much larger problem.
A Sister Speaks: ‘Cor Orans is the Death-Knell of Carmel’
Senators Kamala Harris, who basically said that Judge Brett Kavanaugh was guilty because she believed Christine Blasey Ford's unsubstantiated and uncorroborated accusations against him, and Elizabeth Warren, also known as "Fauxahontas," are the two members of the Senate who will be investigated.
During the event, Patel’s performance featured commentary on his experience living in a diverse area of New York City—including a joke about a gay, black man in his neighborhood—which AAA officials deemed inappropriate.
With nothing but the Ghost Gunner, an internet connection, and some raw materials, anyone, anywhere can make an unmarked, untraceable gun in their home or garage.
“Could there be other forms of government?”
So, if, for example, the committee followed the rules and agreed Friday (today) to a hearing, the soonest it could be held would be next Friday, the final business day before the Supreme Court’s new term begins.
Why White House Leaker Dina Habib Powell “McMaster’s Huma Abedin” Should Not Be UN Ambassador
“Their only defense was that the activities they described were either non-partisan or were not officially taken by the company,” Carlson said Monday night, describing Google’s official response to his requests for comment, before challenging the company’s response: “But of course they were both.
UPDATE: I've received a message from POGO stating that they wish to be described as a non-partisan watchdog and that they have a Republican board member.
You may opt out at anytime.
Let’s start with the Cardinal who will lead the upcoming Synod, none other than Cardinal Kevin Farrell, Prefect of the Dicastery for Laity, Family and Life.
Wasserman Schultz did not respond to a request for comment.
Like him on Facebook here.
These data are not seasonally adjusted, making month to month trends difficult to interpret.
No, Trump didn’t start the fire.
“If anyone is going to help them, he'd be the one."
Chinmay Tumbe: The government has chosen three Islamic neighbours. The question is why these three. If this was about Partition and Liaquat-Nehru Pact, then why Afghanistan? If Afghanistan is because it's a neighbouring country, then why not Myanmar. If this was about high number of refugees, then the first priority should have been Sri Lanka, which as per UNHCR data comprise the bulk of refugees in India. Then the issue of the 6 religions. BJP politicians say persecuted Muslims can go to so many Muslim countries. Then why bring Christians and Buddhists in the ambit when there are so many Christian and Buddhist countries as well. Both the selection of neighbouring countries and the religions has little logic, and hence, it seems that it's a deliberate way in order to exclude Muslims. I believe it is this signalling which riles many Indian Muslims even though CAA on its own does not affect them.
“I will cooperate with any law enforcement agency that is assigned to confidentially investigate these allegations,” Kavanaugh friend Mark Judge said.
The CAA, which was notified on January 10, grants Indian citizenship to non-Muslim minorities—Hindu, Sikh, Buddhist, Jain, Parsi and Christian—who migrated to India from Afghanistan, Pakistan and Bangladesh till December 31, 2014, following persecution over their faith.
And if 15,000 troops are deployed to the border, they will outmatch the number of US forces currently fighting in Afghanistan (14,000 troops).
The teacher today clarified things for the students but that still does not excuse the fact that they are teaching the Islamic faith and asking the kids to participate in Sharia.
And Democrats are the ones fighting it.
Faggioli has no answer because what he is really arguing—the final beachhead of the neo-Catholic defense of their disintegrating regime—is that homosexuals in the hierarchy must remain in authority as an indispensable seawall against a “neo-traditionalist” storm surge.
DB: And who can forget the release of the “collateral murder” footage by Chelsea Manning?
My son will be a junior this fall, working on a Mass Communications degree at Franciscan University.
Men today, like those of Sodom and Gomorrah, are not valiant for the truth.
Saucier, 31, said that the pardon has enabled him to pick up the pieces and rebuild his life with his wife and young daughter.
And we need to adamantly defend all the truth-tellers at the very moment they come under attack.
HANNITY: You are so good at your job.
As far as giving refuge to the neglected, oppressed, tormented and tortured people is concerned, this has been done for centuries. Inspired by the ancient philosophy of Vasudhaiv kutumbkam (the world is one family) and sarve bhavantu sukhinah sarve santu niramaya (May all be happy, free from illness, see what is auspicious/may no one suffer and may all have peace)”, we have provided shelter to every helpless and weak person. We have had a glorious history, as well as a rich legacy, of having always given refuge to oppressed people. Whether it is the question of giving refuge to the Parsis or for that matter, the Tibetans in recent years, Indian has always extended a warm welcome to the oppressed minorities from other countries.
Fifteen men and five women, ages ranging 18-61, were arrested.
Did Shadrach, Meshach and Abednego violate God's principle of submission when they refused to worship King Nebuchadnezzar’s image?
Hence it is a time when they’re supposed to grow more generous and kind toward their fellow Muslims.
Pamela Geller's commitment to freedom from jihad and Shariah shines forth in her books
And he said it needs to affirm “Shariah’s assault on the U.S. Constitution as seditious.”
In my memo, which I delivered on that same December 6, 2006 to my direct superior, the Substitute Leonardo Sandri, I proposed the following considerations and course of action to my superiors:
According to Iran’s semi-official state news agency Mehr, Farrakhan said at a meeting with the Secretary of Iran’s Expediency Council Mohsen Rezaei that America is conspiring against Iran.
“The Prologue set this choice before us, the world or Our Lord, as mutually exclusive alternatives; we cannot remain neutral, but must belong wholly to the one or wholly to the other.”
Ford shared her allegations in a letter to the committee’s ranking member, Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.), in the summer.
Nothing less will do.
The real world?
Because of the new law, police were then able to return with a warrant and force the man to surrender the firearm.”
take our poll - story continues below
Neither the pope, nor any of the cardinals in Rome have denied the facts I asserted in my testimony.
Awan, his wife, two brothers, his brother’s wife, and even his elderly father were all being paid by various Democrats to manage their servers, with many of the members from Wasserman Schultz’s Florida.
Now, the majority of people at the AMA probably couldn't tell you any of these devices or items if they saw them, but they are advancing an agenda.
The government employee experienced the symptoms from late 2017 until April of 2018, according to the U.S. State Department.
Wikileaks opened a fund to support the lawsuit.
Now to the United States.
In the end the too-deferential, easygoing Mitchell failed to provide much, if anything, in the way of evidence against Ford or in favor of Kavanaugh.
Why does it keep coming back?
The paper noted that “the phones started ringing at the Texas Home School Coalition, and they haven’t stopped yet.”
Initially, the campaign will target 600 people, mainly medical staff, contacts of suspected cases, and those who have been in contact with the contacts, Ilunga said.
Nearly three years ago, seeing what was certainly coming on the disastrous course Bergoglio had already clearly established, this newspaper published a petition which states: “We your subjects respectfully petition Your Holiness to change course for the good of the Church and the welfare of souls.
We well know that the great majority of our pastors live their priestly vocation with fidelity and dedication.
They are weak and pathetic and they have no excuses as to why America is where we is today!
“We do not understand the determination and procrastination that consistently seeks to turn this killer into a demented person, when he is a murderer whose presumed detention doesn’t even hide his hateful anti-Semitism,” CRIF’s Francis Kalifat wrote.
There has been a lot of work in formation: for prioresses, formators & initial.
How else to describe the decision by Big Brother USA and junior sidekick South Korea to stage major air force exercises on North Korea’s border.
It rarely happens but when it does governments do change their tune.
They declare we're in the end times because they have failed to stand up and fight for their posterity in keeping the Lord's commandments and His judgments (Psalm 78:1-11).
Today, instead of doing the same, they simply hide under a false grace (Isaiah 30) and give themselves over to a man, the president, and declare end times.
Arianna Huffington praised the White House for bringing her in.
2. Citizenship by Descent
Then, addressing a huge crowd on St. Peter’s Square, he asked, “Do you want a Church that remains silent when she should speak … a Church that does not condemn the suppression of conscience and does not stand up for the just liberty of the people … a Church that locks herself up within the four walls of her temple in unseemly sycophancy …?”
It was not part of the information turned over to federal prosecutors.
Four of these were arrested for illegally re-entering the United States after having been deported, which is a felony.
If you don’t like President Trump and can’t understand how anyone could, look no further than the past week for an excellent example of what on Earth could’ve made a man promising to Drain the Swamp so popular.
Two cases of Ebola confirmed in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Requiring prohibited domestic abusers to turn in firearms they already own;
An experimental Ebola vaccine is being rolled out in Congo as the death toll from the infectious disease continues to climb.
a. between the Government of India and one or more States; or
The mass immigration of Third World peoples that began with the 1965 immigration act, and the decline in the birth rate of native-born Americans, began to swamp the Nixon-Reagan New Majority.
No, he will not be confirmed.
We’re dealing with probably between 1,200 and 1,400 calls and emails per month, and prior to that it was 600 to 700.” But according to Natural News, it isn’t just the rampant violence worrying some parents.
And while you are at it, don’t overlook the federal Congress.
Their shock troops would be enlisted in the media — those who are meant to keep the record straight and tell us the truth.
What of King David?
As Roll Call has reported, Trump was in the tower at the time of the session with the Russian lawyer.
The push for these changes is still on, however, under the current General, an Italian, Saverio Cannistrà.
The native-born American employment index rose from 105.8 to 106.0..
We are afraid for our families, and especially for the millions of immigrants who now don’t know what the future holds for them.”
Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.?
Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh’s outstanding performance at yesterday’s evidentiary hearing featuring attempted rape accuser Christine Blasey Ford may have revived his embattled nomination for the highest court in America.
The result of the first instance of mistrust harms the Church and the very good work we do in Christ’s name.
Death was also decreed for refusing to accept the decision of the priests in a legal case, and an incorrigible son could be put to death on the testimony of his parents before the proper court.
To access the rials, Iran wanted to convert them briefly into dollars and then Euros.
All changes undertaken by religious houses were perfectly legitimate and good - “fruitful” if, perhaps, a bit “intense” – and have been made in “light of the teachings” of Vatican II and “changed socio-cultural conditions.” There is, therefore, no legitimate reason whatever for any religious house to attempt to “turn back the clock” to the pre-Vatican II norms or styles of religious life.
Talking of building a Reagan-like Navy to contain the mammoth they nourished.
Over the past 12 months (May 2017 to May 2018):
And so it is today: Said Khecharem has enunciated that responsibility more clearly and directly than most Muslim spokesmen do these days, but he is by no means the only one who believes that it exists.
Sixteen years later, the homosexual predator McCarrick has finally been exposed to the world, stripped of his cardinal’s hat and deprived of any ministry, but only after international media coverage of the Vatican’s semi-secret finding that McCarrick had raped a teenage altar boy 47 years ago.
The letter remained secret from July 30 through until September 13 when he first learned about it, the chairman said.
However, it's being reported that Powell is "not interested" in the post, which is a good thing for Americans.
When, at his very first Angelus address in 2013, Pope Francis told the crowd how much he loved the writing of Walter Kasper, quite a lot of us who had spent many years watching the Vatican started understanding where we were all headed with the new pope.
Europe is afraid of Africa and the Middle East reaching the Danube.
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
[8] Readers may think I’m exaggerating the danger of material motivations for suppressing monasteries, but as we will see, the distinction between the federations and the Holy See is also a matter of paperwork and it is well to recall that the secretary for the Congregation for Religious, Jose Rodrigues Carballo, was a person of interest to international police agencies for the loss of “tens of millions” of Euros from the coffers of the Franciscan Friars Minor, the original Franciscan order of which he had been the head.
Identifying the genuine from the counterfeit
Yet unless all parties start telling the same story, there is no way to know for certain if this event occurred.
Strengthening the Regulation of Gun Sales and Dealers, including: Limiting the number of guns a person may purchase in a single transaction or in a month or other specified period of time;
Will Gillum be asked to denounce his campaign staffer using a racial slur to demean white voters in Florida?
What led him there?
Right and wrong?
The United States long guaranteed Saudi security in exchange for a steady supply of oil.
Last spring, when we chose WikiLeaks and Julian Assange for this award, Julian said he would accept only “on behalf or our sources, without which WikiLeaks’ contributions are of no significance.” We do not know if Pvt.
Yet, if we do that, we won't have to worry about mass shooters, right?
Let’s assume for the sake of argument that the normal burden on the prosecution in a criminal case - to prove the accused’s guilt beyond a reasonable doubt - is not applicable regarding the charge against Judge Kavanaugh since he is not a defendant in a criminal trial.
Stability is one reason [for autonomy], but is stability understood in such a way that it can obstruct the spirit of mission and your availability to the Order and to the Church?
The law does not mention Muslims and other communities who fled from the same or other neighbouring countries. Sri Lankan Tamils in India, Rohingyas from Myanmar, and Tibetan refugees are not mentioned in the Bill.
The persecution of this man by huge media organizations which have drawn great benefit from WikiLeaks.
The email from Murillo continues by explaining just how expansive the efforts the company undertook to achieve its objective were:
In the end, the excuses do not matter.
Where Trump supporters can't even have a meal in peace?
Carlson mocked the neocons’ claims that Iran is the “greatest threat” to America, explicitly noting that “virtually every attack in America has been inspired not by Iran, but by Iran’s Sunni enemies.”
Wicked men in the sight of God are those who have the knowledge of what to do when it comes to the right, but over and over again, they turn their shoulders and choose the wrong, through tolerance and apathy Americans are bringing upon themselves destruction (Deuteronomy 30:19) that will not be reversed, which leaves no alternative as to why God judges and is judging America today (Deuteronomy 28:63).
One girl or two?).
take our poll - story continues below
Number of nuns: 245
SAN ANTONIO — Deportation officers with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s (ICE) Enforcement and Removal Operations (ERO) arrested 145 criminal aliens and immigration violators in South and Central Texas during a seven-day enforcement action, which ended Feb. 16.
Just a few days after the former NYC mayor and latest member of President Trump’s unexpectedly let it slip that “we got a president who is tough, who does not listen to the people who are naysayers, and a president who is committed to regime change [in Iran]”, the Washington Free Beacon has obtained a three-page white paper being circulated among National Security Council officials with drafted plans to spark regime change in Iran, following the US exit from the Obama-era nuclear deal and the re-imposition of tough sanctions aimed at toppling the Iranian regime.
Third, the well-intentioned but dimwitted Gregory VI, whose election was tainted by a seemingly simoniacal negotiation with Benedict, who had returned to Rome in 1045 and ousted Sylvester, according to which Benedict would receive a generous pension if he resigned the papacy, which Benedict did only to rescind his resignation.
Not a single scandal to see here.
On Nov. 16, 2016, the brothers made a video of his bedridden father signing over ownership — but not changing the beneficiary — of his life insurance policy to Abid.
* Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Apparently, They Think We are Fools
It continued: “We have since terminated this employee, as his actions go against everything that this establishment stands for.
They were expected to discuss a planned meeting between President Donald Trump and the North Korea leader Kim Jong-Un, but concerns about the incident in Guangzhou are likely to have been raised.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
While Harris is not up for re-election this year, Warren is.
The remarks, made in a February 6 talk in Slovakia, indirectly respond to new initiatives coming from Germany, especially from Cardinal Reinhard Marx and Bishop Franz-Josef Bode.
take our poll - story continues below
JP: What happened to Sanders and the way that he was rolled by the Clinton organization, everybody knows that this is the story.
In fact, the demonstrators protesting the nomination had signs for all four of the finalists and were instantly ready to oppose the president regardless of his choice.
And finally, just in case one entire federation decides to turn back the clock, there will be an umbrella for the umbrellas; there will be watchers watching the watchers:
‘Bob Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 Angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to USA!’
"So what if this code is a gun?” The Department of Justice's surprising settlement, confirmed in court documents earlier this month, essentially surrenders to that argument.
But taking an 18-year-old seminarian to bed?
Mnuchin tweeted the decision after meeting with President Donald Trump and Secretary of State Michael R. Pompeo at the White House.
We were discussing the Third Secret of Fatima, the allegations that the Vatican has not published the entire text of the Third Secret as revealed to Sister Lucia, and the response of Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone, the Vatican secretary of state, in a book where Bertone states that there is nothing more to be revealed.
Celestron NexStar 90SL... Buy New $309.95 (as of 04:50 EDT - Details)
The debate over the ties between Women's March leaders and Farrakhan made into a debate on the View.
Here’s what happened:
And the Lord went his way, as soon as he had left communing with Abraham: and Abraham returned unto his place."
Why is Walter Kasper a cardinal?
"I don’t spend a lot of time, I buy Final Call when I see them.
Multiple sources connected to the investigation told TheDCNF that shortly after an IG report came out identifying the House Democratic Caucus server as key evidence in a criminal probe, the evidence was stolen.
Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.?
But parents can bless their children.
Judge Kavanaugh issued a statement on Friday in which he said, "I categorically and unequivocally deny this allegation.
He annihilated a group of races and people, some of whom were even German.
No doubt, Glazov’s consistent campaigning on behalf of Muslim women and girls in his efforts to protect them from FGM, honor killings and other Shariah barbarities, has gained him the anger and hatred of Facebook’s guardians — who are clearly on the side of the Shariah enforcers and oppressors of Muslim women and girls.
Prime Minister Orbán said his government will oppose efforts by the United Nations or the European Union to “increase migration” around the world.
In an email to citizens in China, the state department said: "A US government employee in China recently reported subtle and vague, but abnormal, sensations of sound and pressure.
A U.S. official tells ABC News it appears the driver had propane tanks in the vehicle, which they may have ignited deliberately….
Then, she continues by stating she is going on a planned vacation she thought she was taking to “celebrate” a Clinton win, but after Trump won, she says, her vacation “will be time to reflect on how to continue to support my community through these difficult times.”
Under this law, all monasteries of contemplative nuns must belong to a federation.
Anti-Israel activist group J Street was very outraged when its leaders were described as "Kapos".
Lemon, you are very wrong.
But it doesn’t look like there will be any serious damage to the power grid because of this storm as of right now.
“Here we have victims 10, 15 years after their abuse, begging the Pope, having to take pictures of a letter that’s handed to a cardinal to ensure that there is evidence that the Pope is receiving this information.”
Does the historical fact that some pretty bad popes held on to office despite committing various offenses justify other popes acting badly in shirking even the minimal gesture of resigning?
Gillum is a “crazy, crazy,” Democrat
It added that no Indian citizen will be put to undue trouble. Since the NRC process is to identify citizens, the references to “Indian citizens” in the FAQs remains unexplained.
They know as well that traditional healers can amplify the outbreak.”
Will the Democrats try to impeach President Trump now that they control the House?
The hapless Libyan leader was eventually murdered by French agents.
I'm not sure if he should have.
Not a one.
#EbolaDRC: This news gives me pause.
Also feeding into Muslim worries is the prospect of detention centres, existing and upcoming, to house those who will be left out of the NRC. Assam already has six detention centres attached to jails and is setting up an exclusive one in Goalpara. Mumbai and Bengaluru set up centres this year.
West Virginia Middle School Instructs Children To Write Out Their Submission To Allah
To tackle any “potential safety and security risk,” the CBP also announced lane closures at the San Ysidro and Otay Mesa ports of entry, to install “port hardening infrastructure equipment” in preparation for the migrant caravan arrival.
It will do you all good, really.
The virtue of chastity must be recovered in the clergy and in seminaries.
If the situation of incapacity is irreversible, the solution, as painful as it is necessary, is the suppression of the monastery.
Overall, the people of Iran are probably some decent people, but those in leadership have issues, but that is something for the people there to deal with.
The Church was infiltrated, we know this, in the 19th century by some pretty dark forces, and they have finally come into the ascendancy and are showing themselves quite clearly for what they are.
A day after the Guardian smear piece the Washington Times reported that Manafort's passports, entered into evidence by the Mueller prosecution, show that he did not visit London in any of the years the Guardian claimed he was there to visit Assange.
There is still no mosque or Islamic school in the United States that teaches young Muslims why they should reject the understanding of Islam taught by al-Qaeda, ISIS, and other jihad terror groups.
ICE officials eventually caught 232 illegal immigrants, many of them criminals, in the four-day sweep but said that hundreds more escaped because of Schaaf’s warning.
“It’s a hoax, beyond a witch hunt,” Trump said.
The media has maintained a tight embargo on the release of the photo of Obama meeting with Nation of Islam hate group leader Louis Farrakhan at a Congressional Black Caucus meeting.
Of all people, we had assumed that Benedict XVI took the papacy seriously.
When God set the death penalty in Eden He pronounced it on Himself, to be carried out in the fullness of time through the malicious free wills of his own creatures.
Your Eminence, I urge you to bear witness to the truth.
They don’t want the rotten inner workings of the organization to be aired publicly.
8 Larger Than The Milky Way
Why was the ringleader of the widespread Muslim spy scandal just offered a plea deal?
Some sins, like some demons, can only be driven out by prayer and fasting.
This actually may end up undermining the gun manufacturing industry in the future, as people will be able to build their own guns at home in a similar manner to how the internet has had a dramatic effect on the retail brick and mortar stores.
It was the leaders they abhorred, Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan, to whom the future belonged.
But I fear that state control of propaganda may be such that this massive “Big Lie” will come to enter public consciousness in the same way as the non-existent Russian hack of the DNC servers.
The post below, claiming a person was fired for the actions against Richard, had been removed or made private, meaning some may not see it.
You may opt out at anytime.
Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf shocked the nation when she issued a tweet and press release on February 24 warning about impending ICE raids.
| Rick Bowmer/AP Photo Trump pardons Oregon ranchers whose imprisonment sparked 2016 armed standoff
Ironically, even in doing this he is likely to fail to satisfy Muslims, or anyone.
The arrestees who are not being federally prosecuted will be processed administratively for removal from the United States.
MEK is the Iranian political-militant organization that advocates for the violent overthrow of the current Iranian regime.
We will get back to you shortly with a more extensive response.”
Over and over again, you can see that the Church was to stand in protest against the wicked that were at war with Christ (Revelation 12:17), in dealing with not only the corrupt and wicked priests, but also the corrupt and wicked in government.
Larijani admitted that Iranian officials did not stamp the passports of the al Qaeda militants in order to obfuscate their movements and prevent detection by foreign governments.
This suggested, of course, that giving advice on how to prevent another 9/11, and all other Jihadist attacks against America, is now against Facebook’s ‘community standards’.
ICE reports that 864 illegal immigrants with criminal convictions and other public safety threats "remain at large" in the area -- an indeterminate number of whom may have been tipped off by a Democrat mayor who betrayed the law-abiding citizens of Northern California.
How Many Child Rapists Did a Sanctuary City Mayor Tip Off?
The ex-sailor is alleging that he was subject to unequal protection of the law and cites Comey and Obama’s willingness to not prosecute Hillary Clinton.
Their names were not among those presented by the Nunciature for Chicago and Newark.” That is, the normal process was circumvented for these appointments.
Like Valerie Jarrett.
- Archbishop Allen Vigneron of Detroit, Michigan issued a statement calling Viganò’s account “another daunting challenge to our confidence in the reliability of the Church’s leadership, during a summer of devastating news regarding clergy sexual abuse and infidelity.” (The statement has since apparently been scrubbed from the diocesan website.)
Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back?
Again, in addition to injuring individuals, these actions injure the very Body of Christ, His Church.
“It is most likely that they arise from an instability in the sheared eastward and westward winds.”
He extended the deadline several times for her to come to a decision on whether to testify at all.
The poor, the middle income.
Rewire a house?
Is it simply that we have moved so far away from the ancient Faith that we no longer have a realistic notion of the Faith ourselves to make a comparison, to make an objective judgement?
As it stands right now, Donald Trump has opened the door for more damage being done to the Second Amendment than any other president, Democrat or Republican, in our lifetime.
This is what might be considered the guiding principle of the document; “Nothing to see here.
JP: You are absolutely right: It is a terrible time for journalism.
Founded in 1974, The Foundation has grown to more than 600,000 members and supporters and conducts many programs designed to better inform the public about the consequences of gun control.
The visitor logs were not kept by Wikileaks, but by the very strict Ecuadorean security.
She had many restrictions placed upon her and was only allowed to question Ford for minutes at a time before surrendering the floor to the next committee Democrat.
“To have a federal president who can decide to take the novices away, or take all our finances, or tell the Holy See we’re no longer ‘viable’ – this is a disaster.
Despite the hysteria of the left, it is impossible to see the Trump administration as anything but firm in its dealing with Russia.
This was not an exercise in civics, this was political consulting.
Throughout his book, Wills’ assurances that the Qur’an is not really as bad as “right-wing Islamophobes” say, or that the Bible contains material that is just as bad or worse, dissolve under close scrutiny.
Increasing inspections of licensed gun dealers; and
If the Constitution were taken literally, Julian would be a constitutional hero, actually.
It was also clear that, from the time of Pope Francis’s election, McCarrick, now free from all constraints, had felt free to travel continuously, to give lectures and interviews….
That led to a tense exchange recorded on video in May 2017, in which Wasserman Schultz threatened the chief of the Capitol Police with “consequences” for not returning the laptop.
“These are difficult and uncertain times, but it is also the time to stay awake as the new dawn is already announcing itself.” “Our aim must be to be open to the future.
How any of this is consistent with support for the Second Amendment is anyone's guess.
TOENSING: Well, of course.
It is only in the report from Croatia where the problem changes abruptly from aging nuns and no vocations to too many vocations with not enough room[2].
No, keep the military out of it.
Those “reforms” included abandonment of the Vatican’s strict pre-conciliar instruction (1961) that “advancement to religious vows and ordination should be barred to those who are afflicted with evil tendencies to homosexuality or pederasty, since for them the common life and the priestly ministry would constitute serious dangers.” Today, neo-Catholic commentators, cowed by the demands of political correctness, refuse to state the simple truth that homosexuality is a perversion that precludes ordination as does any other grave psychological disorder.
Cor orans would take this subject up definitively in 2018:
As St Pope John XXIII explained, “Its principal task will be concerned with the conditions and modernization of the Church after 20 centuries of life.” It was not supposed (as some have claimed) to simply update the liturgy from its last redesign in 1570.
Hellbent to destroy President Trump, they toil in Soviet fictions and titillating porn stories.
Fortier said the university’s next actions will be based on the recommendations of the Task Force on Respect and Inclusion in Campus Life, due to report in April.
The team think 'Oumuamua may eventually move less chaotically.
Reading Obama’s 1995 memoir, you might almost get the impression that after a prudent first term, during his second he might side with, I dunno, Black Lives Matter and encourage a wave of black rage and police retreat that drove up the death toll from murder by 20% in his last two years in office, an incremental death toll a little bigger than the U.S. combat death toll from the equally stupid Iraq War.
But Bergoglio wants the effects of heresy—undermining Holy Matrimony, Confession and Holy Communion, whose integrity is affirmed verbally—without the guilt of an explicit promulgation.
Federal officials contend they have always had the authority to deport them at any time.
If the CIA squelches the Russia investigations, Trump grants another extension of time in April.
For anyone who has a mindset of conformity and deference to authority, that story makes sense because nothing is questioned or challenged.
No wonder the people of our Country are so angry with Illegal Immigration.”
pic.twitter.com/y9hS6GqdKI — Laura Loomer (@LauraLoomer) October 6, 2017
We are supposed to serve as an example to the rest of the world, and instead, we have become a bad joke.
Now, Cardinal Francesco Coccopalmerio, president of the Pontifical Council for Legislative Texts, made it very clear to the Catholic News Service on December 5 what the Pope is up to: “The fact that the pope requested that his letter and the interpretations of the Buenos Aires bishops be published in the AAS means that His Holiness has given these documents a particular qualification that elevates them to the level of being official teachings of the church.
"I hope today ends (the death threats) when people realize that I wasn't in collusion with Paddock -- that I was not in any way, shape or form associated with the horrible crime that he committed," Haig said.
In retweeting Jayda Fransen’s posts, it is absolutely clear to me that President Trump is supporting and condoning fascism and far-right activity.
This knowledge – that the attack is on the Body and Blood of Christ – can also help readers spot their friends in the crowd.
Because Arbenz had reached out to the Russians and Cubans in a spirit of peace and friendship, just as John Kennedy would do ten years later.
Investigators have also been looking for a ‘mystery woman’ who was seen with Stephen Paddock in the days leading up to the Las Vegas shooting.
The United States has now embarked on a course that attempts to address all aspects of Iran’s destructive conduct, not just one aspect.
May we continue to earn the right to stand with them today.
The problem with this is that heresy or sacrilege can never be declared magisterial, so that if it is, it not only has no binding force, but the faithful are obliged to resist and refute such a declaration.
One century before [the Council]!
However, that young woman didn’t exist.
Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer
The AP report, however, says exactly the opposite; that members of his own (now defunct[4]) abuse Commission had approached Cardinal O’Malley, the pope’s “top abuse advisor,” with the letter to deliver to the pope.
Read more: China Prepares for Moon Colony By Keeping Students in 'Lunar Palace' for 200 Days
“I’ve never understood how chaos, anarchy and illegal border crossings are viewed as something good in a country like Germany, which we view as the best example of discipline and the rule of law,” he said.
Democratize SSMU deleted the message, which targeted Lew and two other candidates, after the meeting and apologized for publishing material that was “insensitive to anti-Semitic tropes of Jewish people as corrupt and politically powerful.”
Once he saw Campos, Paddock reportedly fired nearly 200 rounds through his suite door, wounding Campos in the leg.
Just recently, on September 7th, Israeli jets struck a Syrian weapons facility near Masyaf, which was reported to have been used for the production of chemical weapons and the storage of missiles.
It is impossible.
Instead he predicted he could "solve a big problem, a big dilemma" alongside his new partner.
The next day the Iranian regime warned of a "crushing" response if the United States were to designate the IRGC as a terrorist organization.
And I think…well, here we are!
“London: Muslim Enclave Votes to ‘Ban Trump,’” by Liam Deacon, Breitbart, January 20, 2018:
The Turks have a vital interest in keeping armed Kurds out of their border regions adjacent to their own Kurdish minority, which seeks greater independence.
Our daily life was basically prayer, eating, and learning about the religion for about eight hours.”
The LA Times refused to release a video of the infamous Jew-hating event Obama hosted with close confidante and infamous antisemite Rashid Khalidi.
It is not democratic but hierarchical.
This is starting to look more and more like a gun running operation gone wrong every day.
But this move demonstrates—if more evidence were needed—that Bergoglio has never been the humble apostle of mercy depicted in his carefully crafted public relations narrative, but rather a cunning ecclesiastical politician, constantly plotting and scheming to get what he wants.
We continue the Tradition.
In an interview with Catholic World Report (CWR) in December 2016, Cardinal Raymond Burke, who is presently a member of the Apostolic Signatura, said that if a pope were to "formally profess heresy he would cease, by that act, to be the Pope."
It is easy to see what is coming next.
Lambert also speaks fluent Arabic and Farsi (Persian), along with French and Italian.
Sociologists talk about the concept of the “high trust society,” one in which citizens believe what they are told by the elites and trust them to govern and protect them adequately.
We don’t know.
In 2009, Pope Benedict XVI appointed Abbot Marian Eleganti as auxiliary bishop of the diocese of Chur, Switzerland.
Rather, it detailed bullet trajectory and included calculations about where he needed to aim his weapons to maximize accuracy and optimize his kill rate.
Francis, writes Royal, “has little use for established procedures, precedents, even legal structures within the Church….
BUILD THE WALL!"
In fiscal year 2016, ICE conducted 240,255 removals nationwide.
Even the president of the local mosque in Princeton says it should stay.
The president is doubling down on an increasingly risky candidate.
With this in mind one could be forgiven for not taking his October 30th essay too seriously.
And we know now that the theologians and the bishops have [a new orientation].
“If BDS is not anti-Semitic, why was I barred from participating in student government because of my Jewish identity?”
"In Barros's case, it was studied," he said.
“The only information I have is it’s the bar on top of the Mandalay Bay,” dispatch continues before being asked if the shooter was pinned down or “just sheltering right now?”
It is under this context that the (general assembly) occurred, and the report fundamentally misunderstands this, which alters the entire findings of the report.”
Hunwicke wrote this afternoon, “This cheap and vulgar ritual humiliation exemplifies the extent to which P[ope] F[rancis] is presiding over a bully-boy Church in which midget bishops and minicardinals compete to defeat each other in the sycophancy stakes.
Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer
SF city just proved beyond a shadow of a doubt that they dont care if YOU, or others get killed by their policies.
Iraq, which George W. Bush and the neocons were going to fashion into a pro-Western democracy and American ally, appears to be as close to Iran as it is to the United States.
The tape was given to Fox News by an attorney who represents several shooting victims.”
Needless to say, many were completely unsatisfied with Franken’s very weak statement.
In July 2010, the ADL condemned Zakkout and his group AMANA for featuring an anti-Jewish video produced by former KKK leader and white supremacist David Duke on the AMANA website.
Fessio’s Catholic World Report, another voice of the rising mainstream opposition to Francis, notes that “In making such a request, the USCCB, it would appear, reinforces Fr.
Photos: Mass shooting at Las Vegas music festival Photos: Mass shooting at Las Vegas music festival Debris is scattered on the ground Monday, October 2, at the site of a country music festival held this past weekend in Las Vegas.
In addition to a slow recovery from Hurricane Maria, its worst natural disaster in 90 years, Puerto Rico is navigating the largest bankruptcy in U.S. government history, with a combined $120 billion in bond and pension debt.
As nations grapple with the outbreak of the bubonic plague, nine countries are sounding warnings that the disease is spreading rapidly.
That worked so well for the Christians and Jews of the Middle East.
The (generally libertarian) Institute of Public Affairs (IPA) last week released a major report, The Rise of Identity Politics: An Audit of History Teaching at Australian Universities in 2017 PDF ] by Dr Bella d’Abrera [ Email her ] (PhD in History, University of Cambridge,).
Marco Tosatti reports the CDF incident, but it follows an odd story of a meeting of curial officials to discuss certain bishop appointments.
For example, how many communist Marines have you ever heard of?
This is the law of gradualness not the gradualness of the law.
The Nation of Islam is a political and religious movement that was started by W.D.
Pope Francis received a victim’s letter in 2015 that graphically detailed how a priest sexually abused him and how other Chilean clergy ignored it, contradicting the pope’s recent insistence that no victims had come forward to denounce the cover-up, the letter’s author and members of Francis’ own sex- abuse commission have told The Associated Press.
The Assads have been in power for the lifetime of most Americans.
The rainy season poses a threat to the containment of the plague because outbreaks of this magnitude often seem to be seasonal.
﻿Communion to Adulterers Promulgated as "Authentic Magisterium"
Some say there are two popes [(a body double)].
The signatories go on to give voice to the utter scandal of the pope’s failure to carry out his evangelical mission as the Vicar of Christ to call home the members of the Islamic faith:
Trump and Kim -- both intent on making history -- greeted each other early in the day with extended hands in front of a row of US and North Korean flags, a previously unthinkable sight that reflects a new chapter in the two countries' acrimonious relationship.
Kavanaugh denies the accusations.
This is not the Soviet Union, this is not Iran or Riyadh – this is America.
When I first cited this quotation some 17 years ago, I was contacted by a very prominent neo-Catholic luminary who demanded a source for it, because he and his friends believed it was “apocryphal.” I did not receive the courtesy of a thank-you when I pointed him to pp.
EDL leader Tommy Robinson, meanwhile, criticised the decision and said Ms Geller and Mr Spencer were coming to the UK to lay flowers at the place where Drummer Rigby died.
A 32-year-old previously deported Ecuadoran man was arrested Jan. 7 in Chicago.
The Jewish groups said this anti-Semitic rhetoric “was used to encourage students to vote specifically against Noah Lew.
Age: 30 years
That is hierarchy.
Some part of him will speak the truth.
Law and order is likely to be a major issue in a parliamentary election scheduled for September with the populist, opposition Sweden Democrats linking public concern about the rising crime rate to a large increase in the numbers of immigrants.
The generous response is a move away from sin and a move toward God.
After a monthlong backlash about that interview, largely in conservative media, Mr. Davis said in a statement to Forward on Thursday that “I reject, condemn and oppose Minister Farrakhan’s views and remarks regarding the Jewish people and the Jewish religion.”
Something official?” The librarian took me to the reference section and showed me the shelves of encyclicals, documents and histories.
This is often done in comment boxes or responses to online queries at neo-Catholic websites, wherein the neo-Catholic commentator professes he can find no source for a given quotation—meaning he hasn’t bothered to do any serious investigation beyond a few Google searches.
Thomistic theology teaches that it is by lying that we become most like the devil, and most unlike God, because we are trying to change the nature of reality to suit our own purposes.
In the last 24 hours the Sheriff’s Department has significantly revised the event timeline and a key incident involving the shooting of a Mandalay Bay security guard.
He was arrested at his home in Neosho, Missouri, in May 2017.
A 20-year-old Mexican man and a known gang member was arrested Jan. 7 in Round Lake Beach.
Then, you spoke about the gay lobby.
I am gobsmacked that the pope twice declined to accept the bishop’s resignation.”
New Horizons originally launched way back in early 2006, and it the spacecraft has made close passes of a number of planets during its more than a decade of cruising through our Solar System.
Lew and two other directors identified as either Jewish or pro-Israel became instant targets of a campaign of hate laced with blatant anti-Semitic overtones.
They’ve also seen an unexpected number of cases of pneumonic plague, which transmits more easily from person to person.
[Y]ou seem to censor and even mock those who interpret Chapter 8 of "Amoris Laetitia" in accord with Church tradition as Pharisaic stone-throwers who embody a merciless rigorism.
"Revulsion," Haig said of his reaction.
He claims the phrase 'sunset provisions' is a “misnomer,” before then defending the JCPOA’s time limits.
“If you read the Bible, you’re going to get a whole lot of good ideas that are going to stick with you and make you a better person,” he said.
Hide Caption 26 of 30 Photos: Mass shooting at Las Vegas music festival Police stand at the scene of the shooting.
He simply asked the heads of the CIA and FBI whether it was true.
Moreover, absent an annulment granted by the competent Church tribunal, a purported “second marriage” can only be an invalid civil ceremony and thus a thinly disguised form of continuous public adultery.
Allende was reaching out to the Russians and Cubans in a spirit of peace and friendship, just as Arbenz had done and just as Kennedy had done.
America's Immigration Voice.
Officials Warn: Airborne Black Death Epidemic Could ‘Explode’
Yes, and not just ex-Muslims.
It is the deadliest mass shooting in modern US history.
The ammunition sale took place at Haig's home in Mesa, because he didn't have all the ammunition on hand that Paddock wanted while at the gun show.
“Virginia man Mohamad Jamal Khweis sentenced to 20 years in prison for joining ISIS,” by Justin Carissimo, CBS News, October 27, 2017 (thanks to Lookmann):
Now Bible in the Schools is facing a stiff legal challenge.
@drawandstrike theory looking plausiblehttps://t.co/CQF3MZLHaN — Mr Alex ???
Other unforeseen events also surrounded the summit, increasing the drama.
Hundreds of cases are reported on the tropical island every year, but experts are warning the epidemic is “much more dangerous” than in previous years.
At an Oct. 23 general assembly of the Student Society of McGill University, a routine motion to elect a slate of directors turned contentious.
Opposing the anti-Israel left makes many important enemies and wins few friends.
With the ease of spreading the plague, the likelihood that this disease will move to other more densely populated regions of the planet has become a huge concern for many.
pic.twitter.com/sotjwX3o0i — Laura Loomer (@LauraLoomer) October 6, 2017
But these critics never demonstrate that the oft-cited quotations are apocryphal; they merely assert that they must be, as they seem too probative to be true.
Amid the emergence of a 2006 photo of Al Franken groping journalist and talk radio anchor Leeann Tweeden, a photo of the embattled Minnesota Senator appearing to grab comedian Joy Behar’s breast has also resurfaced.
History tells us why so many people are afraid to do the right thing when it counts.
Somehow I don't think being a member of a Muslim student group and supporting BDS would be considered a conflict of interest.
If the board members of Crime Stoppers and Citizens’ Crime Watch do not wish to be associated with anti-Semitism or white supremacism or Hamas or Holocaust denial or Steve Anderson or David Duke or Louis Farrakhan, then they must cut ties with Sofian Zakkout.
This latest warning that the rainy season could worsen the outbreak comes on the heels of the reports that British aid workers said the epidemic will get worse before it gets better.
But since then, Muller has demonstrated very little of his former grit, instead attempting from one day to the next to appease both sides.
The first five candidates were overwhelmingly approved, but when they got to Lew, the only Jewish director, he was rejected 105 to 73.
NASA SDO reports that as the sunspot cycle plunges toward its 11-year minimum, NASA satellites are tracking a decline in total solar irradiance (TSI).
• Paddock took Haig's business card because the seller didn't have the quantity of trace ammunition that he wanted.
Pope Francis is now attacking the credibility of child sex abuse victims in a shocking move made at the end of a trip to Chile in which he had hoped to “heal” the wounds of said abuse.
No priest has the authority to declare a marriage null in the internal forum.
Muslim Crime Stopper Sofian Zakkout's New Crush: Anti-Semite Pastor Steve Anderson
That’s a demonstrably true statement.
Las Vegas police said Friday that the gunman who opened fire on a country music festival far below his hotel suite did not shoot a security guard six minutes before that rampage, contradicting a timeline they had offered earlier this week….
The mission controllers at the Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory in Laurel, Maryland, will bring the spacecraft out of its electronic slumber in June to begin a series of system checkouts and other activities to prepare it for the next record-breaking encounter.
Intellihub’s Shepard Ambellas, who has extensively reported on the entire Vegas cover-up since the beginning, recently found that at around the 1:27:54 mark of the audio file you can clearly hear dispatch describing the situation to first responders who are headed in that direction.
JFKu2019s War with the... Douglas Horne Check Amazon for Pricing.
It can also recognize with sincerity and honesty what for now is the most generous response which can be given to God, and come to see with a certain moral security that it is what God himself is asking amid the concrete complexity of one’s limits, while yet not fully the objective ideal.
“Iran hides behind its assertion of technical compliance with the nuclear deal while it brazenly violates the other limits on its behavior.
The Guardian cited two unidentified sources as saying Manafort first met Assange at the embassy in 2013, a year after Assange took refuge there to avoid being extradited to Sweden over sex crime allegations.
Trump’s decision to transfer immediate responsibility to Congress for holding Iran accountable for its hostile actions on the military and other fronts is a risky move.
I don’t know.
In October 2015, Zakkout posted to Facebook a Duke video, within which Duke makes the wild claim that there has been a “complete takeover of American foreign policy and… American politics by Jewish extremists.” Above the video on Facebook, Zakkout praised Duke, exclaiming “David Duke, a man to believe in!”
“Footage has emerged that may show muzzle flashes coming from the helicopter in what looks to be evidence that a team was firing into the crowd from the air on that fateful night,” read a report in The Daily Sheeple.
Nearly five hours of unprecedented and surreal talks between US President Donald Trump and North Korea's Kim Jong Un culminated on Tuesday with fulsome declarations of a new friendship but just vague pledges of nuclear disarmament.
They already got Muslim gay communities.” He as well spoke of his support for polygamy, an act that is illegal in the United States.
“So he had that written down and figured out so he would know where to shoot to hit his targets from there.”
Leo Forchheimer’s philanthropy had left its mark on Israel.
“Astonishingly, between the times of 10:13 and 10:16 a good amount of debris can be seen being pushed downward and sideways in front of the camera,” Ambellas continued.
But the dramatic act of extending his hand to one of America's longtime adversaries will forever illustrate Trump's gut-driven, norm-shattering tenure.
Fastiggi and Goldstein have managed to make the problem even worse in their attempt to explain it away.
“I've been smeared, threatened, isolated from my own party.
Authorities have since said they don't plan to bring charges against Danley.
… on Thursday, in response to inquiries about when Mandalay Bay notified police of the Campos shooting, MGM Resorts issued a statement that was unequivocal: Las Vegas police officers accompanied Mandalay Bay security to the Campos shooting and “immediately responded.” MGM said that “Metro officers were together with armed Mandalay Bay security officers in the building when Campos first reported that shots were fired over the radio.
Too bad the mainstream press has never given that manual the consideration it deserves.
After a full year of investigation, Gonzalez called their claims “truthful and reliable”.
Democratize SSMU did not respond to a request for an interview.
Crimes are something different: the abuse of minors is a crime.
He retweeted authentic videos.
I have lost my diocese.
Last week, Acta Apostolicae Sedis (AAS)—the Vatican's organ for promulgating the Official Acts of the Apostolic See—published Pope Francis' October 2016 letter to the bishops of Buenos Aires in which he praised their episcopal guidelines allowing divorced and civilly remarried Catholics to receive Holy Communion in some cases while living in a state of objective mortal sin.
LAS VEGAS (INTELLIHUB) — The Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation have failed to catalogue at least one deceased victim of the 1 October massacre which reportedly only left 58 people dead.
“All of the information about this corruption has not come out,” she said in an interview Tuesday.
Ransom payments to the tune of $1.7 billion were transferred to Iran.
And Trump hasn’t learned it yet.
"When we gave him the letter for the Pope, he assured us he would give it to the Pope and speak of the concerns," she told AP.
I am worried by the Blessed Virgin’s messages to Lucy of Fatima.
The same applies to statements of Pope Francis and Cardinal Schoenborn mentioned by Ferrara.
Hide Caption 4 of 30 Photos: Mass shooting at Las Vegas music festival Police arrive at the Sands Corporation plane hangar where some people ran to safety after the shooting.
He said the 5.56mm rounds were in their original packaging.
For the first time since 2009, when Obama backed the murderous regime in Tehran, spurning the millions of Iranians who rose up in the Green Revolution, Trump opened up the possibility that the US may begin to base its policies toward Iran on reality.
The reform is here, and it is brought about through obedience, to the Council, to the bishop, to the priest.
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.
In fact, Iran’s attitude adjustment in the Arabian Gulf is no mystery and stems from the Trump administration’s implementation of a new robust foreign policy vis-à-vis the Islamic Republic.
Is that clear?”
But who are these gangs?
He also abused marijuana over the past few years.
The sheriff, alluding to allegations of a conspiracy between his department, the F.B.I., and MGM — supposedly in an effort to establish a legal case — said, “there is no conspiracy.”
The second major risk inherent in Trump’s approach is that he will get his way; that the Europeans, Russians and Chinese and the Iranians will agree to improve the nuclear deal.
“Lynne White You are not a Christian, a Christian is a person who strives to be more Christ like with everything they do and I do not believe Christ would be working to shut this program down or alter it to include your worldly views.”
Florida now joins at least six other states in allowing school employees to carry firearms.
Perhaps these European leaders should remember their own history.
These days it’s instead partnering with Jewish Voice for Peace: an anti-Israel BDS hate group that defends anti-Semitism and which sponsored talks by an anti-Semite who accused Jews of drinking blood.
This is what POTUS calls a 10!
His latest book, published May 9, is
In September, a federal immigration judge ordered him removed to his home country.
Assad has a vital interest: preservation of his family regime and the reunification of his country.
Newest reports from the island territory now show that the number of residents without clean drinking water and electricity continues to rise, despite humanitarian efforts.
“He walks out of the courthouse right now,” Chief U.S. District Judge Patti Saris said after concluding that Rombot’s detention violated his rights.
They noted Haig's LinkedIn page, which says he worked for Boeing in Mesa as a senior liaison engineer in their unmanned helicopter division from 2010 to 2013.
A student failed an assignment because her professor believed Australia 'is not a country'
Trump is in the driver’s seat because the CIA cannot afford to permit the American people to see the records it wants to continue to be kept secret.
The “Jewish Homeland” or “Jewish State” argument is a hook for contending that the Balfour Declaration didn’t endorse Israel, but some sort of Jewish Bantustan within a Muslim country.
Visit The Virginian-Pilot at pilotonline.com
Sadly, it did not include former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, but rather former DoD intelligence analyst-turned uranium transportation executive Mark Lambert of Mount Airy, Maryland.
A religious fundamentalist whose group has been condemned by the Southern Poverty Law Center, Mr. Farrakhan is fervently opposed to the legitimacy of the state of Israel, and his political positions regarding the country frequently spill over into bigoted remarks about Jews, which is why many public officials have avoided association with him.
But Haig says he had no idea what Paddock was planning to do when he met him just a few weeks before the massacre.
He said we must wait for the authority to say who is right and who is wrong.
[1] In this interview, Fr.
She and other kritarchs have acted outside the law, something that the reporter surprisingly puts in the story.And the Treason Bar attorney demanded that Kritarch Saris create a whole new second immigration appeals system of unlimited delay for these illegal aliens.Kritarch Saris thinks that her feelings about a deportation are the same as the law.Well, that is not Kritarch Saris' concern.
When a “leftist” pope pressing a secularist agenda on the Church starts to lose the support of Michael Sean Winters and the National Catholic Reporter, he must know he’s in trouble.
President Trump has called the Iranian regime’s bluff with his announcement last week that he would do just that.
Beneath a Chick-fil-A billboard in Princeton, another asks: “If you die tonight.
Appointing bishops who “scandalize” believers with dubious “teaching and pastoral practice.”
Those long-secret records undoubtedly include small bits of important circumstantial evidence that fill out even further the mosaic of a regime-change operation that took place in Dallas in November 1963, the same types of regime-change operation that took place in Iran in 1953, Guatemala in 1954, Cuba in 1960-1963, Congo in 1961, and Chile in 1973, all of which the CIA steadfastly kept secret from the American people.
Will Trump Continue the CIA’s JFK Cover-Up?
He said: "We know that when it comes to preventing future acts of school violence, today's vote is just the beginning of our journey."
Should that happen, Garcia Zarate has already proved five times that anybody can get away with violating U.S. immigration law.
They said Garcia Zarate then threw the weapon into the bay and fled the scene.
“Al Franken must be held accountable if our party wants to live up to our commitment to women & girls.”
He previously said: “The big anxiety is it could spread to mainland Africa, it’s not probable, but certainly possible, that might then be difficult to control.
Ward for what he said about the Society of St. Pius X.
“Investigators have made progress on investigative leads and in mapping out Stephen Paddock’s life for the last few years — and they’re still not done,” Alston said.
He was back in the news in 1995 when he organized what became known as the “Million Man March,” a political and religious revival event in Washington.
A photo also surfaced showing Franken looking at a camera while pretending to grab Tweeden's breasts as she was sleeping while clothed.
The Vatican refused to comment on the letter when approached by BBC News.
But such embarrassing truths need not impede the Bergoglian Mercy Train as it barrels toward a train wreck at the end of the line.
“The revelation could be costly for Francis, whose track record on the abuse crisis was already shaky after a botched Italian abuse case he intervened in became public[5].
And yet it’s inescapable.
Bishop Fischer’s public support of the Profession of Immutable Truths about Sacramental Marriage brings the number of signatories to nine bishops and one cardinal.
In 2011, Obama precipitously removed the remaining U.S. combat troops from Iraq, giving rise to ISIS’s re-emergence in Iraq from its bases in Syria.
Orban then did what most political representatives will simply not do, he told the truth about multiculturalism.
It should be clear to anyone, not just practicing Catholics, that this is absurd.
The law is squarely on the side of the public’s right to open government.”
The Best of Jacob G. Hornberger
Scientists at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory are planning to use the opportunity to obtain a detailed 3D model of the asteroid, which has a particularly irregular shape.
After putting them on notice, Trump discussed the possibility of improving Obama’s nuclear accord.
The framers had to hide the rifle in advance in a place where no one CIA & JFK: The Secret ... Jefferson Morley Check Amazon for Pricing.
(The year 1994 was during the tenure of the Assassination Records Review Board, the agency charged with securing the mandated release of JFK assassination records from the CIA and other federal agencies.
I asked Vadim (Mikerin) if they felt there was a serious problem, and would they adhere to sanctions and western opinion.
Ray Hurt has been the lead pastor at the Church of God in Princeton for more than two decades.
This has been denied by Greg Burke, but given Francis’s usual methods, it’s anyone’s guess who in reality is actually dealing with these cases, if anyone.
"The world will see a major change."
This wasn’t empty rhetoric.
Their own narrative is quickly shattering.
So, I thank you very much for your encouragement, and I must say that we have a very good generation of young men and good vocations.
Ask yourself: If someone has just assassinated the president of the United States, is he really going to take the time to hide the rifle?
In 1895, the Catholic Antonia Fogazzaro, a known modernist, founded a masonic lodge in Milan.
And it all depends on this Truth.
That is my cardinal; he ordained me to the priesthood, and he consecrated me a bishop.
If Trump and his generals felt our vital interests could not allow Syria and Iraq to drift into the orbit of Iran, where would we find allies for such a fight?
The ADL described the video as “venomous.” Currently, AMANA’s official website contains one more Duke video.
When the head of the Church himself does not much feel bound by the tradition or impartial laws he has inherited, what then?” What then indeed?
Haig did not have a license to manufacture armor-piercing ammunition, documents said.
Conroy warned it is inevitable that the plague will spread due to the vast movement of people across the globe.
In fact the statement of the Argentine bishops only speaks of the possibility of “access to the sacraments of Reconciliation and the Eucharist.” This could reasonably be interpreted as going to confession before receiving Holy Communion.
They do not proceed from a genuine affective and sexual complementarity” (CCC 2357).
This will not only serve to bolster the Assad regime, but it also will strengthen Iran's ability to follow through on its threats to the U.S. and its allies, principally Israel.
An enlightened, progressive school was suddenly transformed into something harking back to the days of Nazi Germany and the Nuremberg Laws.
In 1994, US astronomer Carl Sagan reflected on the significance of the photograph to an audience at Cornell University, famously coining its name as the "Pale Blue Dot", and giving one of the most widely published speeches of all time.
Thus together the two documents became the Holy Father’s authentic magisterium for the whole church.”
And sometimes, the sexual advances from members of Congress or senior aides are reciprocated in the hopes of advancing one’s career — what one political veteran bluntly referred to as a “sex trade on Capitol Hill.”
It speaks for itself in terms of morals and ethics and those things.”
The ARRB Had been formed after Americans had learned of the official secrecy after watching Oliver Stone’s movie JFK, which posited that the JFK assassination was a U.S. regime-change operation, no different in principle from the one the CIA had carried out in Guatemala nine years before.)
Shapira failed to note that Helms was convicted in a federal district court of lying to Congress under oath about another CIA regime-change operation ten years after the Kennedy assassination in Chile.
We cannot say that.
‘Cause they’re under the curse of God for having rejected the Lord Jesus Christ.”
CNN spoke with more than 50 lawmakers, current and former Hill aides and political veterans who have worked in Congress, the majority of whom spoke anonymously to be candid and avoid potential repercussions.
“It’s difficult to understand,” defense attorney John Zwerling said Friday.
They say, “Yes, we know your situation, but we want to become true priests and not protestant pastors or modernist priests.
YouTube conspiracy theorist Jake Morphonios said that for all he knows, Doug Haig didn't play a role in Paddock's massacre.
At this point, continued pleading for a Bergoglian “clarification” can only give rise to an impression of disingenuousness, whereas continued silence about the papal origin of this ongoing catastrophe is a standing rebuke to all the hierarchs who know what we all know: that at the epicenter of the chaos is the most wayward Pope the Church has ever had to endure.
[6] Not that anyone in Rome was trying very hard.
The U.S. War Party wants us to smash Iran and remain in the Middle East forever to assure the hegemony of its favorites.
Initially believed to be a comet, then an asteroid, scientists think the wandering “interstellar object” is a hunk of ice wrapped in organic sun-blocking material.
“If it is wrong for North Korea to do this, why doesn’t that same mentality apply to Iran?
“This operation focused on targeting immigration fugitives and criminal aliens in two Illinois counties, but we routinely conduct operations daily.
Other AJHS Academic Council members who signed the pro-BDS activist petition include Ari Kelman, Riv-Ellen Prell, Deborah Dash Moore, Rachel Kranson, Libby Garland and Kirsten Fermaglich.
Just as it is licit to resist the Pontiff that aggresses the body, it is also licit to resist the one who aggresses souls or who disturbs civil order, or, above all, who attempts to destroy the Church.
If the nomination had been pulled right after Christine Blasey Ford made her initial assertions about Kavanaugh, the public might have concluded that it wasn’t Trump’s fault that a previously unaired accusation came to light.
Since 2011, Bishop Eleganti has served as the Swiss Youth Bishop for German-speaking Switzerland on behalf of the Swiss Bishops’ Conference, and as vicar for religious and monastic communities.
[2] The book “The Dictator Pope” relates that regular meetings between the pope and dicastery heads have been abolished and even high-ranking curia prefects are often unable to see the pope, whose appointments are now completely controlled by the Secretariat of State.
“We would have greatly preferred to continue hosting White House press conferences in reliance on a set of understood professional norms, and we believe the overwhelming majority of journalists covering the White House share that preference,” Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the press secretary, said in a statement.
Out for a summer-day walk with her father and a friend, Kate Steinle was a completely innocent victim, gunned down by a career criminal who was not even supposed to be in the country but found special protection in the sanctuary city of San Francisco, part of the sanctuary state of California.
As long as nobody else is addressing the concern Iran’s growing control raises in a satisfactory manner, “Israel is determined to continue addressing it on its own.”
The letter also contrasts the stance of Islamic countries like Turkey and Saudi Arabia who “do not welcome any refugee” while Pope Francis preaches
Multiple victims were being transported to hospitals in the aftermath of the shooting.
What Cardinal Burke rightly describes as lacking in any magisterial weight whatsoever—and, in fact, in dire need of clarification and correction— has by papal fiat been declared magisterial, and thus binding on us all.
It is a pity.
Haig's attorney, Marc J. Victor, told CNN he had no comment.
Time will tell, but I remain skeptical, as in the end, all we ever get is excuses rather than justice.
But it’s also hosting it at the Center for Jewish History’s headquarters.
The indictment against Lambert corroborates prior reporting by The Hill that an FBI mole buried deep within the Russian nuclear industry had gathered extensive evidence of a scheme involving bribes and kickbacks between Russian nuclear officials and TLI – which would have transported the U.S. uranium sold to Russia in the ’20 percent’ Uranium One deal.
Its raison d'être was to seek the removal of Jewish and anti-BDS students from SSMU’s Board of Directors and place BDS back on the agenda.
As Pope Francis continues his five-year-long tirade against the imaginary Catholic Pharisees who defend the Church’s teaching on the indissolubility of marriage and the integrally related Eucharistic discipline—he is still at it as of yesterday (January 9)—he and his collaborators are busily engineering neo-Pharisaical escape hatches from the negative precepts of the divine and natural law emanating from the Sixth Commandment.
And this horrified me a lot, because I had received them.”
Faggioli, meanwhile, outlined a genuinely surprising position.
On Tuesday night Fox News Sean Hannity sat down to talk about the exploding scandal that is the Uranium One deal, and what it could mean for the Clinton family.
“There have been some steps taken by the administration and the student body in the right direction, but it’s certainly not over,” he said.
"If you are in the business of selling anything, you are usually happy to make the sale, and there's nothing that says you need to write down this person's name or report the sale," said Spitzer, who is the chairman of political science at the State University of New York at Cortland.
And only one force in the region has the power to reverse the present outcome of Syria's civil war--the United States.
During the confessional, a Canadian man by the name of Jeff detailed the fact that he and his wife were in the Bellagio Resort and Casino around 11:20pm on the night of the shooting when panic broke out in the hotels lobby.
You should learn to call them by their real name, ‘Satan.’ You’re coming face to face with Satan, the Arch Deceiver, the enemy of God, and the enemy of the righteous.”
The World Health Organization (WHO) has now issued alarming warnings in nine countries too.
“This is contrary to Divine Revelation,” Schneider further told LifeSite, adding that the “beautiful explanations” that are being presented to clergy and faithful as “discernment” and “pastoral accompaniment,” or a “change of paradigm” and “discovery of the subjective part of the truth,” when translated into “common sense language,” are tantamount to an allowance to sin.
Iran regards the Arabian Gulf as its domain and but for the presence of the U.S. 5th Fleet, would have full reign over its waters, which include the strategic Strait of Hormuz.
It won’t destroy Iran’s nuclear installations.
A further 54 were unspecified, according to the World Health Organization.
As Winfield writes,
You know that many priests have abandoned the faith.
Mikerin is currently serving a sentence of 48 months in prison and Condrey is awaiting sentencing.
The words “conspiracy theorists” are being bandied about.
According to CNN, the cases were reported by both the World Health Organization (WHO) and the National Bureau for Risk and Disaster Management (BNGRC) in Madagascar.
I can't think of anything less irrelevant than a black gunman shooting two white cops--after five years of the "Blacks Lives Matter" movement.
It’s uninterested in partnering with pro-Israel groups.
As Slavo noted, should the disease spread to the African mainland, one can assume that it will be all but impossible to control, thus increasing the likelihood of global pandemic.
As a firearms expert, he also questioned the lack of flashes coming from the hotel windows where the shooter was supposedly firing from.
Reprinted with permission from The Future of Freedom Foundation.
After combing the data, Lubin’s team has forecasted a grand minimum that will be around seven percent cooler than the typical solar minimum, making it a particularly calm moment for our star.
In addition to raising the age and bringing in the three-day waiting period, the legislation:
Weinandy is a “man of the Council” and a prominent figure of the post-conciliar mainstream.
We have no choice but to clean up our government because the rest of the world is laughing at us.
Its primary mission was set to last roughly 10 years, but was extended once it became clear that the spacecraft was healthy enough to continue sending back observations for a while longer.
It absolutely would have made a difference.” Reached by TPM on Thursday, Muhammad said a “staff member” for the CBC contacted him “sort of in a panic” after he took the photo at a caucus meeting in 2005.
And, for that matter, they’ll be less likely to trust him when he asserts that there’s nothing remaining for Special Counsel Robert Mueller to reveal.
At the end of his second year, Noah Lew, who is currently third year undergraduate student at McGill University, applied to serve as Director of the School’s student society.
Her problem though was that the law and precedent are on the side of the continued deportation of aliens.
In 2010 the publication of an audio recording determined undeniably that Danneels had told the victim to keep quiet and not cause trouble for the soon-to-retire Bishop Roger Vangheluwe of Bruges.
The Cunning CIA
Thanks to President Trump and the CIA’s decision to continue keeping 98 percent of the CIA’s decades-long secret records secret from the American people, the CIA’s cunning cover-up of the JFK assassination continues to work brilliantly today.
As a lawyer, Ferrara should have a better sense of what really counts as evidence.
Weinandy’s persecution will be to demonstrate how a pastor of the Catholic Church is supposed to act.
One big problem is the official story, however, requires a suspension of logic and common sense.
But Campos has been a mysterious subject since being wounded in the first moments of Paddock’s assault.
They said that.
of bribe money related to the Uranium One deal being stuffed into suitcases.
[1] The fact that four years before the New Mass was issued, Paul VI was pinpointing in such detail exactly what Bugnini and co. were preparing makes it all but impossible to escape the conclusion that he knew perfectly well what was coming but approved the disastrous New Rite anyway.
But the plaintiffs in the suit and their backers argue that the program’s popularity shouldn’t matter in the face of Supreme Court rulings such as McCollum v. Board of Education in 1948 that have banned public schools from initiating or sponsoring religious activity.
Orban's border wall virtually eliminated illegal immigration.
And third, he came from a secular home that was stable.
When did they ever work in the history of humankind?
And the young staffer — it was a young woman — went there and was greeted with a member in a towel.
Weinandy’s letter, sent to Francis privately last summer but predictably ignored by him—along with every other private entreaty concerning his destructive activity—is a withering indictment of a papacy that constitutes nothing less than a menace to the Church.
On September 21, 2017, Zakkout took to Facebook and posted four David Duke videos.
Robert Fastiggi • 12 hours ago
Throughout the debate, Faggioli drew out the argument that allowing the remarried to receive communion would not represent a radical change in doctrine but a return to the teachings of the Gospel.
“The Belgian Prime Minister’s statement is also outrageous because this is the first time that people in Brussels are openly planning to push the mandatory resettlement quota through by force while totally ignoring the will of certain EU member states."
Of course, Francis being Francis the apology was banked around with assertions of how right he was.
But this ridiculous exercise in virtue-signaling, even though it has not (yet) been taken up by the Home Office, only highlights Britain’s hypocrisy and double standards regarding who can enter the country and who cannot.
BOSTON (Reuters) - A U.S. judge on Wednesday ordered the release of an illegal immigrant who is among 47 Indonesians in New Hampshire challenging the Trump administration’s order to deport them.
He was certainly not an agent of the CIA.
Over the past week, Trump and Corker have been involved in an ugly public fight precipitated by Corker’s announcement that he will not be seeking reelection next year.
And this after also humiliating Burke as the spiritual patron of the Knights of Malta, to which he was exiled after his removal.
According to Slate, the image quickly made the rounds on the internet; it currently has almost 9,000 retweets and many speculate that that’s probably because the blurry picture feels like it’s worth a good deal more than 1,000 words.
The time for “prudence” is long past.
ROME, February 6, 2018 (LifeSiteNews) – His Excellency Elmar Fischer, bishop emeritus of Feldkirch, Austria, has signed the “Profession of Immutable Truths about Sacramental Marriage,” LifeSiteNews confirmed on Monday.
"The next transmission could be more pronounced or stronger," WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus told reporters in Geneva, insisting that "the issue is serious."
I still think that's true.
According to court documents and prosecutors, Patel – who was raised Hindu before converting to Islam several years ago – traveled to China in July 2016 to teach English.
Saris expressed a dim view of that move.
The essence of this ultimatum would be that if by the end of June a consensus is not reached in the council of EU heads of government, then the planned reforms would be adopted with a qualified majority vote which would overrule dissenters.
The American Civil Liberties Union, in a statement, said: “These rules give the White House far too much discretion to avoid real scrutiny.
In order to effectuate and conceal the corrupt and fraudulent bribe payments, Lambert and others allegedly caused fake invoices to be prepared, purportedly from TENEX to Transportation Corporation A, that described services that were never provided, and then Lambert and others caused Transportation Corporation A to wire the corrupt payments for those purported services to shell companies in Latvia, Cyprus and Switzerland.
As the U.S.-led coalition continues to drive ISIS from its bases of operation in Syria, the Trump administration has proclaimed its intention not to allow Iran to turn Syria into its own satellite, as Iran has essentially done in Iraq.
The complaint filed Friday in federal court in Phoenix says Haig didn't have a license to manufacture armor-piercing ammunition.
Dr. Ashok Chopra, a professor of microbiology and immunology at the University of Texas, told The Sun Online the crisis in Madagascar had yet to peak.
In the run-up to the approval of the deal by the State Department, nine shareholders of Uranium One just happened to make $145mm in donations to the Clinton Foundation.
After accomplishing that goal, Trump turned his attention to how Iran is actually breaching the letter and spirit of the nuclear pact.
Most importantly, Trump failed to certify the JCPOA noting material Iranian breaches, and has threatened to abrogate the deal in its entirety unless modifications are implemented.
This was the pope laying out his policy regarding homosexuality, a policy for which he was duly rewarded by being lauded on the cover of the homosexualist lobby’s US trade magazine.
The mayor added: “He is failing in his leadership and we should not welcome him here.
The newest warning about the outbreak of the airborne pneumonic plague, or black death, in Madagascar has been released.
When we look at what is going on in CJH’s components like the AJHS, the elevation of David N. Myers to head CJH is unsurprising.
And these are the only listed AJHS programs that focus on Israel.
More than 500 injured.
Dibyangshu Sarkar/AFP/Getty Images
Representing the Mercer school district is the First Liberty Institute, a nonprofit law firm based in Texas that specializes in religious freedom cases.
It absolutely would have made a difference.” Reached by TPM on Thursday, Muhammad said a “staff member” for the CBC contacted him “sort of in a panic” after he took the photo at a caucus meeting in 2005.
Or if there will be a Bible course at all.
"Without Otto, this would not have happened," Trump said.
Think about it: The CIA has asked the president to continue secrecy of records that are more than 50 years old or, apparently, some relating to secret correspondence between the CIA and the Assassination Records Review Board back in the 1990s.
"There was just nothing."
And so I said to Mgr.
The IAEA’s explanation for not visiting any of Iran’s known military sites is that it had “no reason to ask” for access.
As Shaw observes of AL: “What we [the signers of the Correctio] are saying is that it has become clear that orthodoxy is not what Pope Francis wants us to find there.”
Its mission: to measure the dimming of the sun’s irradiance.
And of course, since we are talking about Al Franken, it wasn’t exactly difficult to find material.
[4] During the pontificate of St. Pius X, a lay politician and author Antonio Fogazzaro, advocated a path to reform the Church and Papacy in his novel Il Santo, published in 1907.
In fiscal year 2016, ICE conducted 240,255 removals nationwide.
It’s a “stitch-up” as the English call it; a fix.
A photo from the report shows the burning towers with a Jewish Star affixed to one.
Without electricity, communications are non-existent too.
Dr. Manitra Rakotoarivony, Madagascar’s director of health promotion, said: “Normally, people who catch the plague live in poor areas, but people in every place in society are catching the disease.”
And no one seems to know where alleged Mandalay Bay security guard Jesus Campos is either.
We Should Be More Like Sweden: Gov May Use Army Against Immigrant Gangs
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 1, 2017
Perhaps most surreal is the very same UN report cited by Haley also says the missile included a component that was manufactured by an American company.
Federal law gives authority over immigration matters to the executive branch, not the courts.
But there was another big operation to establish Oswald’s communist bona fides before the assassination.
Which brings us to Francis Bergoglio’s own record in this area.
© Reuters Bishop Barros (centre) was greeted by angry protesters at his ordination
© Other A zoomed-in version of the 'Pale Blue Dot' image
A victim of a paedophile priest in Chile has revealed he wrote to the Pope in 2015 about an alleged cover-up after Francis denied getting evidence.
Ordained to the priesthood in 1961, Fischer headed the Marriage and Family Centre of the Feldkirch diocese from 1979 to 1990.
May Our Lady of Fatima intercede to obtain for them the grace of fortitude to do what must be done and what only they can do.
The guard was eventually fired upon by Paddock “in close proximity to” 10:05 p.m., when the mass shooting began, Lombardo continued.
The pope’s claim that there is “no evidence” flies in the face of the ruling of the civil judge in the Karadima case – a fact that ought to be of paramount consideration under the Vatican’s own rules for determining credibility in such cases.
[3] The Pope himself asked Cardinal Rigoli to publish the Instructions of the Carbonari.
I do know Rome very well, because I was an apostolic delegate, and I was in the Secretariate of the Secretary of State.
In another email exchange, Arnold correctly asserted that Australia is a country, linking to the "About Australia" section of the country's website:
Even if Iran were arming the Houthis, Haley’s hypocritical anti-Iran rhetoric doesn’t excuse the U.S. for continuing a foreign policy that essentially armed ISIS through U.S. weapons transfers, or for arming al-Qaeda’s affiliate in Syria, just to name two examples of Washington’s schizophrenic approach to the region.
Besides posting videos from Steve Anderson and David Duke on his Facebook page, Zakkout also, in July 2017, posted a four minute clip from a speech made by Nation of Islam (NOI) leader Louis Farrakhan.
Mark Lambert, 54, of Mount Airy, Maryland, was charged with one count of conspiracy to violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and to commit wire fraud, seven counts of violating the FCPA, two counts of wire fraud and one count of international promotion money laundering.
On video, Zakkout is shown smiling, as event goers repeatedly shout, “We are Hamas.” After the rally, Zakkout wrote the following in Arabic, above photos from the event: “Thank God, every day we conquer the American Jews like our conquests over the Jews of Israel!” He signed it “Br.
Though the agency did issue a request to the city to detain Garcia Zarate until ICE officials could pick him up, their detainer requests are not signed by a judge and are therefore not legally binding.
First detected in December 2007, 3200 Phaethon is widely thought to be the parent body for the Geminid meteor shower, which is due to peak this year on the night of December 13.
An AP investigation into Russian hacking shows that government-aligned cyberspies began an aggressive effort to penetrate the Clinton campaign’s email accounts on March 10, 2016.
The Keynote Speaker at the event was Governor of Virginia Terry McAuliffe.
The Ellison accusations have put Democrats in an uncomfortable position, as they speak out on sexual misconduct claims against Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh.
He ordered all notes and other written references to be destroyed.
“Rather than the Iranian-manufactured Qiam-1 missiles Haley and the Saudi Arabian government claimed, the debris presented by Haley were of a modified Soviet-manufactured SCUD-B missile; the airframe and engine are original Soviet-made components, and many of the smaller parts on display bear Cyrillic (i.e., Russian) markings.
Haig's attorney Marc Victor told reporters it was perfectly legal for Haig, a private citizen, to sell Paddock hundreds of rounds of tracer ammunition — the bullets are legal in Arizona.
JVP is also the only organization that AJHS chooses to partner with on political events.
They asked for admittance to Econe.
The 21 pages make up only a small portion of the 412 pages of FISA applications and warrants related to Page released by the FBI earlier this year in a heavily redacted format.
Even though the class was optional, Deal said there weren’t any alternative lessons or activities for those who opted out.
We need to have the faith in the divinity of Jesus Christ.
In another, she added, “As you will recall the gov’t made serious threats sufficient to cause you to withdraw your civil complaint.”
Interesting enough, in the Chile regime-change operation, the CIA and the Pentagon were telling their counterparts in the Chilean national-security establishment that they had a moral duty to violate their nation’s constitution and violently remove their nation’s democratically elected president, Salvador Allende, from office.
I am going to share some things with you in this article that are deeply disturbing, but it is for a purpose.
Not from the people.
If we cannot set out the true principles of the Church, if we in the name of religious freedom said that all religions have the same right in every state in the world…
Before the last meeting of this Commission the members received two schemas on the same subject: one from Cardinal Ottaviani and another from Cardinal Bea.
“Shutting down might not be a good idea, there’s active shooters on the runway,” he declared.
And my truth has a different belief about Australia than yours does because of my degree of oppression.
They're an industry: an economic industry and a political industry.
But it did leave Republicans vulnerable to claims about transparency which were likely to be popular -- most people, and the entire press corps, love transparency -- and vulnerable to bombshells in the documentary record which hadn't been initially disclosed.
Specifically the Leo and Julia Forchheimer Auditorium at CJH.
The American Jewish Historical Society is co-sponsoring a JVP anti-Israel event by two opponents of Israel, one of whom has defended Hamas.
With all due respect to Dr. Fastiggi, his argument and that of Buttiglione, that a “move away from sin” is what is pleasing to God, even if the moral norm is not adhered to, is sophistical.
The Caucus has yet to apologize for it.
Sandro Magister reported after the “Who am I to judge” comment, “Before the appointment, Francis had been shown, as is customary, the personal file on Ricca, in which he had not found anything unseemly.
It will end up giving Trump whatever it is he wants.
Jeremiah Wright gave Farrakhan his church’s Lifetime Achievement award in a downtown Chicago Hyatt Regency in November 2007, but the story didn’t make the press until the following year.
It has been said many times that the sex abuse crisis has created a massive loss of trust in prelates among the Catholic faithful, and this is true.
God is not happy with situations that are objectively at variance with the command of the Gospel.
The problem here is not obvious.
In a letter made public November 1st, Fr.
The brouhaha over President Trump’s retweets of videos depicting Muslims being violent continues in the UK, and is yet another manifestation of the general tendency to blame those who call attention to jihad atrocities rather than to focus upon the jihad atrocities themselves.
“They (the coroner’s office) have delayed this for too long, and whatever stage the coroner’s report on Paddock is in, it should be provided to the Review-Journal and Associated Press without further delay.
This has been documented for several years now.
Oumuamua “appears to be in an excited rotational state undergoing non-principal axis rotation” the study authors wrote.
Our dynamic translators even provide their own dynamic interpretation of AL to mean that the “offering” to God of which Francis speaks is merely the decision by a divorced and “remarried” couple with children not to end their relationship, which would be the “perfect objective model,” but rather to “live in continence until they may—after the hoped for declaration of nullity—enter into a true marriage.” That is, they would have Francis affirming John Paul II’s Familiaris consortio, which repeats the Church’s constant teaching that continence is required of those who have entered into adulterous “second marriage,” failing which they cannot be admitted to the sacraments.
If Paddock was planning such a sophisticated operation and hoping to evade detection, he would not be blabbing details about it to his neighbors.
“You don’t have to push religion with it.
Are we seeing it in the declarations of this or that episcopate on Amoris Laetitia and Communion for divorced and civilly remarried Catholics?
A Defense of the Catholic Tradition
Not “homosexual,” not “same-sex attracted,” but “gay,” meaning that he started by adopting the entirety of the homosexualist movement’s linguistic manipulations.
Even though not everything that’s gone wrong is Trump’s fault, he has managed to make a complete hash of Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination to fill the empty seat on the court.
Police said the gunman fired on the crowd from the 32nd floor of the hotel.
One of them works in a factory, and the other is a university student.
It is precisely because North Korea’s actions over the last 23 years have proven that making concessions to a rogue regime in order to obtain denuclearization commitments is so dangerous that President Trump does not want to make the same mistake with Iran.
“I believe that it’s 100 percent likely that plague will arrive in the UK once more – it’s just a question of ‘when’, not ‘if’.
It is a big mystery.
The world may never know.”
As far back as 1953, the CIA published an assassination manual that the CIA succeeded in keeping secret from the American people for more than 40 years.
monkeys and fruit bats).” MVD also falls within the same family as the Ebola virus – the hemorrhagic fever that decimated West Africa and killed around 11,000 in 2014 and 2015.
And there are many ways to get evidence.
“No, no, it is impossible.
But the narrative surrounding him has changed wildly since the authorities mentioned him, and now, he’s mysteriously vanished into thin air.
Fishback is a BDS supporter and a member of the JVP Artists Council.
“I ruined my life and my family’s life.”
He also sang an Islamic State fight song and recalled making a replica of the group’s flag.
The problem is in making a lobby of this tendency: a lobby of misers, a lobby of politicians, a lobby of masons, so many lobbies.
Kim assumed power after his father Kim Jong Il, also a brutal dictator, died in 2011.
Are we gonna sit and have the Quran be ridiculed?” He then cited the Christian and Jewish Bible, barking loudly, “The Bible says that if a man sleeps with a man, he should be killed!”
There could be only one answer: communists.
A joint statement from five campus Jewish groups says the report, released this week by principal Suzanne Fortier, “appears to condone discrimination against Jewish students at McGill based on the cultural and religious organizations they affiliate with.”
After serving as vicar general of the diocese from 1989, in 2005 Pope Benedict XVI appointed him bishop of Felkirch where he served until 2011, retiring at the age of 75.
Moreover, he knows that concrete cases vary widely.
By combining data and observations from decades of Sun research, experts are predicting a “Grand Solar Minimum” will occur a few decades from now, making our parent star dimmer and cooler than it has been for a very long time.
That notion read more like a warning — behave or else — and the Correspondents’ Association seemed unmoved.
The second journalist to ask Francis about Barros on the flight was a Chilean woman.
“San Francisco’s decision to protect criminal aliens led to the preventable and heartbreaking death of Kate Steinle.” Sessions continued, “I urge the leaders of the nation’s communities to reflect on the outcome of this case and consider carefully the harm they are doing to their citizens by refusing to cooperate with federal law enforcement officers.”
Prof. Brugger fails to see that AL 303 clearly distinguishes between a conscience’s recognition that “a given situation is objectively at variance with the general mandate of the Gospel” and this same conscience’s subsequent recognition of a “generous response owed to God in the present circumstances.” The subject “conscience” might be the same but the object is different.
What is surprising is the level of secrecy surrounding the Las Vegas shooting and the containment of information more than three months after it occurred.
was complete,” which Faggioli does not think is true.
He explained he went to Jordan in part to find like-minded Muslims, and because he wanted to do something “bigger, better, and more purposeful” – like dying in the cause of Allah.
Health officials suspect it’s no coincidence that the outbreak coincides with the time of year when families customarily exhume the remains of dead relatives, wrap them in a sheet, and dance with them through the streets in a sacred ritual, AFP reports.
Will the F.B.I.
pic.twitter.com/ATtPMR6cUN — STUMP 4 TRUMP (@Stump4TrumpPAC) October 3, 2017
Article posted with permission from End of the American Dream
The company's website says it sold tracer and incendiary ammunition but is now "closed indefinitely."
And he may do so even though the implications for his Senate colleagues would be dire and even though doing so would render him an unofficial protector of Iran’s nuclear program.
To begin with, Trump has outsourced his judicial nominations to outside, party-aligned groups, the Heritage Foundation and the Federalist Society.
Of the 684 cases reported as of October 12, 474 were the pneumonic plague, 156 bubonic and 1 septicemic plague.
As has been widely reported, three bishops in Kazakhstan – Tomash Peta, Jan Pawel Lenga, and Athanasius Schneider – issued a Profession of the Immutable Truths about Sacramental Marriage on Dec. 31, 2017.
Don’t forget: According to Trump’s own tweets, he had already ostensibly decided to deny the CIA’s request for secrecy before the Thursday deadline:
I am sure that my seminaries are contributing to the restoration of the Church.
Pneumonic plague is more virulent or damaging and is an advanced form of the disease characterized by a severe lung infection.
The outbreak of the contagious and deadly Marburg virus disease in the Kween district of eastern Uganda was declared by the nation’s Ministry of Health back on October 19.
Safe by surrender?
“Demeaning” the importance of doctrine.
Imagine spending all that time studying Islam and yet still misunderstanding its true, peaceful message.
Some of us apparently are, or at least are willing to serve as knowing dupes by defending neo-Pharisaical sophistry that would produce “a discipline alien to the entire Tradition of the Catholic and Apostolic faith.”
"I believe women who come forward must be heard, and to have their allegations fully investigated," Ellison said.
“Leave them; they are blind guides.
Trump took keen interest in the pageantry of the day, insisting the pictures beamed around the world reflect a commanding leader making a decisive, world-altering move.
The man, Terry Rombot, had been allowed to remain under the terms of a 2010 deal with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement until this year, when President Donald Trump instructed ICE that all people living in the United States illegally were subject to deportation.
For Chris Bryant, apparently “fascism” means “defense of Britain and its values against jihad terror.”
The change in the Constitution of Valais was the same.” (Because you know Switzerland is a Federation where some states are Protestant and some states are Catholic.
The surprise acquittal of Jose Ines Garcia Zarate in the shooting death of San Francisco woman Kate Steinle set off a firestorm of outrage Thursday night, as top conservatives and critics of so-called "sanctuary cities" pinned blame for Steinle's death on illegal immigration and insufficiently aggressive deportation policies.
She also expressed concern he was being held alongside potentially violent criminals.
These organizations have provided and continue to provide Zakkout with a facade of respectability.
Paddock shot the guard at 9:59 p.m. local time, Lombardo said, shortly before raining down bullets on the Route 91 Harvest festival in an attack that began at 10:05 p.m. and lasted 10 minutes.
“Then I heard somebody yell ‘there’s a shooter!
“In treasuring this gift of priestly celibacy we need to recognize more clearly the intimate link between the Ministerial Priesthood and the reality of the Eucharist.
The plague spreads easily and can kill within 48 hours.
[W]e are aware of the fact that, among those who deal with this Most Holy Mystery in written or spoken word, there are some who with reference either to Masses which are celebrated in private, or to the dogma of transubstantiation, or to devotion to the Eucharist, spread abroad opinions which disturb the faithful and fill their minds with no little confusion about matters of faith.
Born Louis Eugene Walcott in New York in 1933, Mr. Farrakhan joined the Nation of Islam in the mid-1950s and rose quickly within the organization, becoming close to Malcolm X.
Prudence now gives way to mere pusillanimity.
The Profession of Immutable Truths about Sacramental Marriage was issued by three Kazakh Ordinaries, including Bishop Schneider, in early January.
One can only speculate as to what the reasons for these lies actually are?
Serving alongside Zakkout on these boards are local politicians and law enforcement officials.
Iran may have secured its land corridor from Tehran to Beirut.
“The 19s are closed, we are in the process of trying to round them up, they are on the airport property.”
It’s also the case that the more negative information comes out, the more it appears that the Trump and his White House staff failed to do their jobs in vetting and managing Kavanaugh.
The study, which was published in Astrophysical Journal Letters, was carried out by a team led by physicist Dan Lubin of the University of California, San Diego.
[5] Probably a reference to the Inzoli case in which Francis overturned a previous sentence of a Vatican tribunal after the priest – now laicised – approached some of the pope’s close advisors for help, including Cardinal Coccopalmerio.
I had been taught, by both word and implication, that everything the Catholic Church had taught before Vatican II was pernicious nonsense.
After that, I’m coming back to Saint Peter’s to have lunch with a seminary friend of mine.” “During that interval, I must meet someone that I know but have not seen in a very long time, and would never expect to see in Rome at this time.
First, there was no particular event or friend who ignited his radicalization.
Haig spoke with investigators four times after the shooting, and has been "fully cooperative," Victor said.
Why is that?
But that’s the potential and likely import of his announcement, which actually read as follows:
Will none of the hierarchs rise to defend the Church as “a new Athanasius, a new Basil”?
Of course, the UN has reached no such conclusion.
Depending on an alien’s criminality, an alien who re-enters the United States after having been previously deported commits a felony punishable by up to 20 years in federal prison, if convicted.
Rome said in the name of the Declaration of Liturgy, we [implement] the liturgical reform.
South Florida Muslim Leader Sofian Zakkout’s David Duke Day
Moreover, against public law, the coroner has still not released the autopsy report for “Stephen Paddock” after an Intellihub article definitively proved the body recovered in Mandalay Bay room 32-135 was not Paddock’s.
EXCLUSIVE PICS: LV Shooter’s car; @FBI note inside @MandalayBay valet center proves FBI misled public about #StephenPaddock‘s check in date.
Past work on nuclear explosive trigger devices appears to have taken place at one or more such sites in the past.
Trump's threats to politely walk out of the meeting if his expectations were unmet did not materialize.
What is that great big important point that Shapira, who, according to his tagline on his article, “enjoys writing about people who have served in the military and intelligence communities,” left out of his article?
Should we return to Islam?
Haig, represented by his Phoenix attorneys Marc Victor and Andrew Marcantel, has not been charged.
Patel returned to Williamsburg on Sept. 6, 2016.
You have created a regime in which a refusal to desecrate the sacred species will be grounds for persecution of faithful priests, seminarians and laity.
If members of Congress are engaged in this type of behavior, why don’t the American people know about it?
That political position became a vehicle for Mr. Farrakhan to express his anti-Semitism.
Paddock’s note was clearly not a suicide letter.
They only have around 6,000 hospital beds, so they aren’t particularly well positioned to cope with these kind of events.
The La Raza Lawyers Association named Gonzalez Lawyer of the Year, and the Mexican American Political Association, a group with roots in the Communist Party, gave him the Bert Corona award, after one of the CPUSA’s most high-profile Stalinists.
In this time!
Deadly Plague Could MUTATE And Become Untreatable As It Spreads Globally
Iranian arrogance and impudence reached its zenith with the January 12th 2016 seizure of two American riverine command boats and their crews near Farsi Island.
“We still have officers dedicated to this case 24/7.” She agreed that members of the public have a right to know more, “but they have a right to accurate information and not the speculation … that has filled so many news stories the past month.” Nearly a month after the mass shooting, the gunman’s motive remains a mystery.
Captured by NASA’s New Horizons spacecraft, the images were gathered at a greatest distance from Earth than any in the history of mankind.
We must pray.
Everything we do is in defense of the freedom of speech and equality of rights of all people before the law.
“The contract called for four payments of $750,000 over twelve months.
His findings, he wrote, do “not substantiate the notion that the vote was motivated by anti-Semitism,” which he defined as hostility toward or discrimination against Jews.
So where has the $17,250,854 come from to pay those settlements?
The UK should never become a stage for inflammatory speakers who promote hate."
Erdogan has branded this BSF a "terror army," and President Bashar Assad of Syria has called BSF members "traitors."
“I have participated in at least 15 famadihana ceremonies in my life.
But in a police interrogation, Garcia Zarate admitted to firing the gun, saying he was aiming at a seal.
On the one hand, it could refuse to grant Trump what he wanted and let the records be released, which it knew would point to the CIA’s guilt in the assassination.
Despite their having been notified by this author about Zakkout’s perfidious activities, Zakkout remains an active member of the boards of Citizens’ Crime Watch of Miami-Dade County and Crime Stoppers of Miami-Dade County.
Oumuamua: Space Cigar Is Still Spinning From Mysterious Violent Collision
The two speakers are Robert Herbst, the coordinator of the Westchester chapter of JVP, and Jonathan Kuttab, who advocates a one-state solution for eliminating Israel.
White people are potential humans – they haven’t evolved yet.
The subjects include the ‘Wishing Well’ star cluster as well as two large objects in the Kuiper Belt which have never been observed from such a distance before.
This stunning testimony is obviously a huge bombshell in the ongoing investigation of the Las Vegas mass shooting and is sure to continue to add credence to the growing belief that we are not being told what actually happened that fateful night.
In the negotiations, both Trump and the CIA knew that Trump was in the catbird seat.
So far, the majority of the recent cases of the black death have the been pneumonic plague, a more deadly form of the bubonic plague which devastated Europe’s population in the 1300s.
We have plenty of evidence that Trump is easily manipulated by those around him, and that Kavanaugh is a good fit for Trump’s biases: The judge has Ivy League credentials and he passes Trump’s cut-of-his-jib test by looking the part.
“We do know there is about $15 million that has been paid out by the House on behalf of harassers in the last ten to 15 years,” she said.
What good would that do?
And many sisters have abandoned their congregations.
The notion that the CIA suddenly hit Trump yesterday with a new argument as to why “national security” would be threatened, after Trump had supposedly already rejected the arguments that had been presented to him, causing Trump to suddenly change his mind, is, well, laughable.
He said that when he left me, he would go immediately to the pope to express the importance of the work we had conducted during our meeting.
I thank you for your attention.
It is also important to note that Paddock’s brother Eric has conducted a series of bizarre interviews that have led to even more questions about what actually happened in Las Vegas and what Paddock’s role was in the worst mass shooting in American history.
Have the generals taking us into Syria told the president how and when, if ever, they plan to get us out?
Thank you Prime Minister Orban for saying what needed to be said!
The News Wire reported that the picture had been taken by the photojournalist Askia Muhammad during a 2005 meeting of the Congressional Black Caucus and that Mr. Muhammad kept the photo under wraps so as not to hurt Mr. Obama’s candidacy.
Congress could also appropriate more money later.
When someone is shooting form a horizontal line its just going to keep shooting,” Palermo attempted to explain.
Looking back and carefully examining his record, Jorge Bergoglio’s mastery of using the weaknesses of morally compromised men is becoming evident.
I hear all around me innovators who wish to dismantle the Sacred Chapel, destroy the universal flame of the Church, reject her ornaments and make her feel remorse for her historical past.
We also know the following about Campbell:
But there has to be a reason why the CIA chose to keep this particular batch of records secret for more than 50 years.
So if it's a suspicious site that we believe is related to its nuclear efforts, we can get access and inspect that site through the IAEA.” This was another lie.
Outside the courtroom, Rombot said: “I just want to say thank you to my attorney, my pastor and all of my friends.”
Britain doesn't need more hate even just for a few days."
So, the Victim of the Sacrifice is really present on our altar.
Nevertheless, it's hard to believe that Haig's denials will dissuade the conspiracy-mongers.
I also think it significant that it was an Archbishop that Jesus used.
The commander of Iran’s Army, Major General Ataollah Salehi, had told reporters just a month before the launch of those missiles that Iran was "neither paying any attention to the resolutions against Iran, nor implementing them.
Why would Israel wish to provoke a war with Syria?
In this case too, he was addressing a plane load of journalists who were either secular themselves, or for the most part are the kind of Catholic who believes it is fine to “disagree” with Catholic teaching on sexuality.
While admitting numerous jihad preachers, Britain is keeping out the voices of sanity that would call that nation back to a path that would secure freedom for her children and her children’s children instead of a path to national suicide.
But the fact is that the Catholic Church is being destroyed, and now even the pope himself says that.
But according to the Navy, the past five months have witnessed markedly less belligerent conduct from the Iranians, leaving Navy officials baffled by the sudden positive change in attitude.
The “tendency” is called in the same catechism you quote “intrinsically disordered” and Ratzinger was very clear that this “tendency” is a sign of a serious emotional dysfunction that “must” preclude a man from being ordained.
"I couldn't detect anything wrong with this guy," he said.
She said none of the commission’s recommendations had been implemented.
Kritarch Patti Saris
Leading Democratic senators like Robert Menendez, Ben Cardin and Chuck Schumer, who opposed Obama’s Iran deal may now feel that as opponents of the Trump administration, they are required to oppose any change to the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act.
In other words, the conscience can “inform” a sinner that his continued sinning is not only acceptable to God but is even what God is asking “for now,” given one’s particular “limits.” This outrageous proposition, a form of situation ethics that strikes at the very foundation of Catholic moral teaching, has justly provoked a storm of criticism from lay and clerical defenders of the authentic Magisterium.
Additionally, Carlson also noted during the initial broadcast of the private surveillance footage that the owner of the camera was never approached by the FBI, who have so far never seen the footage, much less investigated it.
South Florida Muslim leader Sofian Zakkout’s promotion of bigotry, whether borrowed from others or his own, has been evident for years.
Where then would we go to seek refuge?
The double standard here is pretty clear.
Virginia man who wanted to join ISIS pleads guilty to lying about overseas trip
Release the records.”
Ronaldo Rauseo-Ricupero, a lawyer for the Indonesians, argued they should have 90 days to move to reopen their cases after receiving copies of their administrative case files and time to appeal any decision rejecting those motions.
The media is happy to talk about anti-Semitism.
It bought time to turn into a full-fledged nuclear power under our noses.
In San Francisco, and across California, this verdict will surely give new meaning to the cry of “no justice, no peace.”
Trump wants something in return.
At lunch the next day, the sign was given.
That person could face federal charges not directly related to the shooting within the next 60 days, the sheriff said January 19.
There are so many of us who despite everything think that you can do something.
A case in point is Bishop Mark Davies, of my own former diocese of Shrewsbury in England.
Both times, reporters were told by Carla Alston, the Police Department’s director of communications, that the sheriff “will not be conducting interviews.” “As he has stated previously, the case is still ongoing” she said in an email Thursday.
The exhibition closes with Fishback’s anti-Israel agenda.
Or is it possible that Paddock was rushed and in a state of panic?
Here’s what happened to him:
Over the Justice Department’s objections, Saris last year ruled she had jurisdiction over the case.
But it is precisely Christian doctrine… that frees people from worldly ideologies and assures that they are actually preaching and teaching the authentic, life-giving Gospel.
And I am sure that it [the mutation] is in the Council.
Today, it's gone up, to 90% without power.
It’s all in the air.
As noted above, at this point literally every piece of so-called evidence put forth by authorities and then regurgitated by the mainstream media cannot be trusted and should be considered as disinformation until proven otherwise.
A couple of seemingly unrelated events this past week point to Iran’s positioning itself for more aggressive military actions that could place U.S. forces in harm’s way.
“In fact there are two members of Congress, Republican and Democrat, right now, who serve — who have…engaged in sexual harassment.” Speier said one of the harassers has propositioned women with the comment, “Are you going to be a good girl?” Another has exposed his genitals, she said, and some victims have had “their private parts grabbed on the House floor.” “All they ask in return as staff members is to be able to work in a hostile-free work environment.
Is this clear?"
The hotel guest in the room next to Paddock also saw “multiple gunmen.” The Full Report: The Ever-Changing Vegas Narrative: Gunman Shot Security Guard Before Massacre
Why wouldn’t they harass, abuse, humiliate, persecute, or prosecute him, like they did to Martin Luther King, Dalton Trumbo, John Walker Lindh, Chelsea Manning, Edward Snowden, and other people they have deemed to be communists or traitors?
The Kennedy Autopsy Jacob G Hornberger Best Price: $9.85 Buy New $9.95 (as of 03:35 EDT - Details)
Let’s state the obvious: The CIA records that are still being suppressed have nothing to do with “national security.” They have everything to do with covering up the CIA’s role in the U.S. national-security regime-change operation that took place in Dallas in November 1963, which succeeded in ousting from power a president who was, in the eyes of the U.S. national-security establishment, engaged in actions The CIA, Terrorism, an... Jacob Hornberger Check Amazon for Pricing.
It is time for Zakkout to be exposed and stripped of his public functions.
Jose Manuel Ohajacao-Ramos, was transferred Nov. 9 to the custody of Guatemalan law enforcement officials by ERO officers in Guatemala City, Guatemala.
This along with poor sanitation and vector control on Madagascar meant that "when (the plague) comes again it starts from more stock, and the magnitude in the next transmission could be higher than the one that we saw," Tedros said.
Hide Caption 28 of 30 Photos: Mass shooting at Las Vegas music festival Police are deployed to the scene.
This six-minute gap relayed by Lombardo left uncertain whether there was any lag in alerting police to the source of the gunfire during critical moments.
Jordanian officials arrested Patel a few days later.
Secretary of State
For me, if I do that, then I betray my mother, the Church.
Second – burn them to death.
Clark County District Court Judge Elissa Cadish later ordered the full document not be published without redactions, but she acknowledged she couldn't order the newspaper to retract the name.
And I agree that my expression was not apt, because I didn’t think.”
Syed Muzaffar Shah Qadri’s preaching of hatred and jihad violence was so hardline that he was banned from preaching in Pakistan, but the UK Home Office welcomed him into Britain.
The members of a hierarchy seemingly cowed by a papal tyranny the Church has never before seen must rise immediately and give a courageous answer to the challenge posed long ago by Monsignor Klaus Gamber, when an already monumental ecclesial crisis was still in what can now can be seen as merely a preliminary stage:
But it didn’t take very long for the Las Vegas police to release a precise timeline.
And so, we have (I am confident) a mutation in the church by the Council and by the reform after the Council.
Representative Davis, who was interviewed by The Daily Caller, a conservative news site, after the photo emerged, called Mr. Farrakhan an “outstanding human being,” and later said he was not bothered by the leader’s position on “The Jewish Question.”
Even if this is true, Muslim migrant violence is a grim and increasingly common reality in Europe.)
UK: Labour MP Cites Ban of Robert Spencer & Pamela Geller in Calling for Trump to be Banned from Country
And if a blind man leads a blind man, both will fall into a pit.” (Matthew 15:14)
The other says that error has the right to exist in the name of the dignity of the human person.” And so, we go into the meeting.
Why did shooter Stephen Paddock stop shooting?
It was made in response to a question by a journalist about Monsignore Battista Ricca – a prelate whose promiscuous homosexuality is so well known it was covered by the Telegraph as early as July 2013.
“Haley cited a UN report in her claim regarding Iranian missile transfers to the Houthis.
The law enforcement sources also said tracer rounds were found in Paddock's hotel room.
Let’s talk about Bill Clinton for a moment.
Obama and Kerry had promised that these issues would be dealt with satisfactorily before agreeing to the final terms of the JCPOA.
One stop on Shafayat Mohamed’s Facebook page and one can view his profile photo of him holding a dark green book with gold border and letters on the cover.
We don’t know, but my hunch is that it pertains to Russia.
A criminal complaint alleges two unfired .308-caliber (7.62mm) rounds found in gunman Stephen Paddock's hotel room had Haig's fingerprints on them as well as tool marks from his workshop.
Add the internet and you get a perfect storm of sociology stupidity.
They abandon the faith.
In June 2015, Lambert’s former co-president, Daren Condrey, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to violate the FCPA and commit wire fraud, and Vadim Mikerin pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit money laundering involving violations of the FCPA.
The agency has argued that obtaining judicial warrants are unnecessary and would place too much burden on ICE officials and federal courts.
However, Trump’s anti-Iran strategy goes against the better judgment of even the most anti-Iranian advisors in his staff who don’t want to see the U.S. isolated on the world stage.
The council has been at the centre of serious corruption scandals, including the removal of an Islamist mayor who was found guilty of bribing Muslim groups and wielding “undue spiritual influence” on Muslim voters.
Muller, with little backing from Pope Benedict – who appeared content to allow his CDF prefect and the Germans shout out their differences – and with outright opposition from Francis, did indeed strive to hold the line.
He died after being taken to another hospital, and a short time later, his sister in her 50’s also died of the same ailment.
… Four people were shot dead in the first week of this year.
“Shockingly, just days before her death, Suchomel posted key details about the shooting to Facebook that contradicted the official narrative which claims that Stephen Paddock was the lone gunman.”
It is not absolute.
The mission is scheduled to launch sometime in the first half of this year, no earlier than March.
On Wednesday, January 17, the pope met as scheduled with selected survivors of sexual abuse by priests.
Hide Caption 2 of 30 Photos: Mass shooting at Las Vegas music festival People cross a street near the Las Vegas Strip just after sunrise on Monday.
Meanwhile, the UK banned three bishops from areas of Iraq and Syria where Christians are persecuted from entering the country.
He had previously entered the country unlawfully at an unknown date and time.
Hide Caption 12 of 30 Photos: Mass shooting at Las Vegas music festival A woman is moved outside the Las Vegas Tropicana resort.
Trump began his remarks by setting out Iran’s long rap sheet of aggression against America.
So, I have confidence.
The Senate intelligence committee is expected to have a confirmation hearing for Haspel in coming weeks, followed by a vote in the full Senate.
There was no issue of Indonesia not accepting him nor of Indonesia not providing a travel document, so there was no question of him being held in custody longer than allowed in the St. Cyr decision that restricted custody of illegal aliens with Final Orders Of Removal who for whatever reason were unlikely to be successfully deported.
Now, let’s assume instead that Oswald was telling the truth when he said he was being framed.
"If we want to talk to North Korea now, the possible end for the nuclear deal with Iran would jeopardize the credibility of such treaties," Reuters quoted German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel as saying.
Douglas Haig, a 55-year-old Honeywell engineer, sold more than 700 rounds of ammunition to Las Vegas mass murderer Stephen Paddock in September.
I do not understand.
(@TechQn) December 1, 2017
This warning will infuriate environmental campaigners who argue by 2030 the world faces increased sea levels and flooding due to glacial melt at the poles and a warming of the globe.
An asteroid called 3200 Phaethon will skim past the Earth just days before many will celebrate with Christmas festivities.
They refuse to become modernist.
The fruits of the AJHS and JVP partnership have been a series of events attacking Israel.
It is all calumny.
Pope Benedict XVI has warned against precisely the kind of “accommodation” Faggioli is calling for, writing that when “the people cannot cope” with God, they “bring him down into their own world,” and insist that “he must be the kind of God that [they need].” In other words, “Man is using God, and, in reality, even if it is not outwardly discernible, he is placing himself above God.” To fully drive the point home, Benedict equates this kind of worship with the Israelites desert worship of the bull calf.
The family finally got the remains in a box marked "evidence" over three months after the shooting and the autopsy report hasn't been finalized?
Even Kim seemed to acknowledge the surreality of the day.
The picture “proves FBI misled public about #StephenPaddock’s check in date,” Loomer Tweeted.
The San Bernardino jihad attackers did the same thing.
Home damage in Puerto Rico, where the poverty rate is around 46 percent, was exacerbated by the existence of hundreds of thousands of sub-standard "informal" homes, which are typically built by the owners themselves, without permits and often in squatter communities.
Just as Tom Weinandy has, in effect, just said.”
"One woman (was) screaming through my door that I should be killed and I should die," he told reporters at Friday's news conference.
Two DREAMERs Caught Smuggling Illegal Aliens
Patrick J. Buchanan is the author of
The Catechism of the Catholic Church explains this in a beautiful way, saying ... wait a moment, how does it say it ... it says: “no one should marginalize these people for this, they must be integrated into society”.
The RCBs and crews manning them were returned some 16 hours later but not before the Iranians stole two satellite phone sim cards, likely containing classified information, as well as thousands of pages of information downloaded from laptops, GPS devices and maps used by the sailors.
Bryant “cited the cases of two US far-right bloggers, Robert Spencer and Pamela Geller , who were banned by May in 2013 from entering the UK to take part in English Defence League rallies, as precedents for taking action against Trump.”
It is time for Democrats to reject the bigotry of these radicals and see them for the liability they present.
“We see the Bible not just as a book of faith but as a pretty accurate account of history that informs us about a lot of things that happened.”
In exchange, Trump agreed to "provide security guarantees" to North Korea.
The first time I was in Columbia.
Where is this smoke of Satan that has entered the Church?
Jose Ines Garcia Zarate, or whatever his real name is, has also proved that a career criminal who is not even supposed to be in the country can literally get away with murder in broad daylight.
He said that he was being framed for the crime.
The father is happy.
“If they are traveling shorter distances and they’re still in the incubation period, and they have the pneumonic (form) then they could spread it to other places,” said Chopra.
The fact of the matter is that no military anywhere has shown the ability to successfully interdict in any meaningful way a determined opponent armed with mobile ballistic missile capability.
Muhammad said he gave away “the disk” from his camera but “copied the photograph from that day onto a file” on his computer.
Even while “apologising” the pope had doubled down when questioned about it by journalists, saying, “You, in all good will, tell me that there are victims, but I haven’t seen any, because they haven’t come forward.”
Security guards with at least one hospital have been tasked with forcefully keeping black death patients in the hospital as well as following the strict safety procedures set up in an attempt to quell the outbreak.
That’s what we would expect from an agency whose specialties included assassination.
The different ways that the lack of electricity can set off a cascade of other crises is becoming increasingly clear.
Patrick J. Buchanan is the author of
Saturday, Israel launched new air strikes against gun positions in Syria in retaliation for shells fired into the Golan Heights.
Here is the paragraph in the official Latin:
Does Mr. Ferrara believe that the Catholic Church under Pope Francis is a “Leviathan Church” and not the Catholic Church?
“God decides the time, and the time will come when the Pope and the episcopacy again will proclaim, with all clarity, unambiguity and beauty, the sanctity of marriage, and of the family, and of the Eucharist,” Schneider told LifesiteNews in an exclusive Jan. 15 interview.
Moreover, the U.S. has announced plans to create a 30,000-man Border Security Force of Kurds and Arabs to keep ISIS out of Syria.
The newspaper added that Manafort’s visit was not entered into the embassy’s log book and cited a source as saying Manafort left after 40 minutes.
After a few seconds’ pause, Faggioli gave the only answer he could: “There are different responses to the same question in different times.”
This plan has included the establishment of a land route that Iranian-backed militias secured in June, beginning on Iran’s border with Iraq and running across Iraq and Syria all the way to Syria’s Mediterranean coast.
The Crux piece offered a succinct bullet point list of Fr.
Ever since the assassination, the CIA has argued that the release of any of its JFK records would threaten “national security.” One thing is for sure and undeniable: Despite the release of many of the CIA’s records in the 1990s and yesterday, the United States did not fall into the ocean or fall to the communists.
Rep. Jackie Speier (D-CA) told MSNBC’s Chuck Todd on Meet the Press Daily on Tuesday that the U.S. House of Representatives has paid $15 million to alleged victims of sexual harassment by its own members in recent years.
The suit alleges that the lessons in the Mercer schools are similar to what a child would hear in Sunday school and that they advocate the Ten Commandments and treat stories in the Bible as historical fact.
Politics trumps evidence in California once again.” For Jeff Sessions San Francisco’s sanctuary city policy “led to the preventable and heartbreaking death of Kate Steinle.” According to the Attorney General’s statement, the Justice Department “will continue to ensure that all jurisdictions place the safety and security of their communities above the convenience of criminal aliens.”
Right around 3.79 billion miles.
"Certainly, more collisions happen while planets are growing than afterwards, so that’s a very good guess.
We're told Paddock shot himself in the head, right?
Hide Caption 9 of 30 Photos: Mass shooting at Las Vegas music festival Hide Caption 10 of 30 Photos: Mass shooting at Las Vegas music festival People are seen on the ground after the gunman opened fire.
These reforms – and removals – have ceased entirely under Francis.
Can we not see in Fr.
It was not by violence, but by lying and manipulation, by issuing half-truths and pretending to be the kind of man he was not, that Shakespeare’s character Iago earned the title of most evil character in English literature.
“Obama ran down our options in Syria so thoroughly, by the time this administration took over,” said Andrew Tabler, senior fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy.
However, the departure of the choppers and the fact that several of them overflew the parking lot does not explain all of the debris being kicked up from by a heavy downdraft, prop wash, possibly from a helicopter hovering in place much closer.
Working as a confidential witness, the businessman made kickback payments to the Russians with the approval of his FBI handlers and gathered other evidence, the records show.
Although the black plague can be treated effectively with antibiotics, the incubation time of this bacteria is incredibly short.
Douglas Haig had no reason to believe Stephen Paddock would launch the Oct. 1 shooting in Las Vegas that killed 58 people, attorney Marc Victor said.
Since I began this work six years ago, now, I have evidence that God is assisting us.
I don’t need anyone to affirm my humanity, I affirmed it,” she wrote in another tweet.
For nearly two millennia, Jews have suffered persecution after persecution at the hands of those who used religion as a vehicle for hate and even mass murder.
And Sara Carter reporting that she has received a treasure trove of documents that in fact prove tonight the FBI informant has knowledge of Russia’s involvement in uranium one.
When dealing with the restoration of the sacred liturgy, the Fathers of the council, by reason of their pastoral concern for the whole Church, considered it of the highest importance to exhort the faithful to participate actively with sound faith and with the utmost devotion in the celebration of this Most Holy Mystery, to offer it with the priest to God as a sacrifice for their own salvation and for that of the whole world, and to find in it spiritual nourishment.
Israel Takes On the Shia Crescent
Campbell was required by the Russians, under threat, to launder large sums of money – which allowed the FBI to uncover a massive Russian “nuclear money laundering apparatus”
Something that may be much more noteworthy now in our current circumstances than it was the year I read it, is that the pope’s very first quote was not of scripture, but the Council of Trent:
Florida law already mandates a three-day waiting period for the purchase of a handgun but a person as young as 18 can buy a rifle with no waiting period.
He has already proved that in the sanctuary state of California, false-documented illegals are a privileged class.
It wasn’t always like this.
A woman described as a "former elected official in New England" told the Jezebel website that Franken tried to give her a "wet, open-mouthed kiss" during an event in 2006.
Reprinted with permission from The Future of Freedom Foundation.
We were in a very sad, serious situation.
Khweis’ defense attorney said Friday that even he has no idea what caused Khweis to join ISIS.
All this will happen by this Thursday, the date set by law for release of all the JFK records that Trump has not blocked.
And what inference might one draw from the coincidence that Saint Francis’ prophecy of a future “destroyer” in the papal office seems to correspond rather well with the pontificate of the only Pope who has taken Francis’ name as his own?
The worldwide howl at Trump’s retweets of videos tweeted out by a British politician is further proof of the Islamization of the West.
He has a long record in Argentina of shaving close to scandals and vociferously denying involvement, and relying heavily on the broad good will of Catholics towards bishops to pull it off.
Their cause has drawn the support of Republican Governor Chris Sununu and New Hampshire’s all-Democratic congressional delegation, including U.S.
And all in the name of the Council.
British Labor Party: We Banned Pamela Geller, Now Let’s Ban Trump, Too
After criticism from several Jewish groups both on and off campus, Boudreau issued a clarification to the report, saying he could not determine if the vote was motivated by anti-Semitism, but he acknowledged there were “in fact anti-Semitic effects felt by members of the Jewish community.”
[2] He could have done so.
There have been two or three instances in which they said no, and so the Pope simply removed them.”
The bigoted BDS provocateurs applauded as Lew and the other two board members were removed from their posts.
McLetchie has been trying to obtain as much information for the public as possible, including video of Paddock at the Mandalay Bay Hotel and Casino.
Quite to the contrary, confusion as a cover for the introduction of Holy Communion for “certain” public adulterers by Bergoglio’s co-conspirators in the Vatican and various dioceses is exactly what he was aiming to achieve from the beginning of the whole synodal charade, which was merely a vehicle for promulgation of AL.
The maximum penalty for manufacturing illegal ammunition is five years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
ROME, February 2, 2018 (LifeSiteNews) —His Excellency Marian Eleganti, auxiliary bishop of Chur in Switzerland, today added his name to the “Profession of Immutable Truths about Sacramental Marriage,” bringing the total number of signatories to eight bishops and one cardinal, LifeSite has confirmed.
"That's a dangerous combination," Tedros said.
Lew was restored to his post as a director last month after a ruling that the split vote in October had violated the SSMU constitution.
"Here come the Jews.
He sometimes praises Kavanaugh, but also let it be known that he thought the nominee had performed badly in his Fox News interview.
I believe today is a day of vindication for the rights of immigrants.”
Then when Lesley is passed out, I take her to the closet and rape her.’ Or ‘That’s why you never see Lesley until February.’ Or, ‘When she passes out.
A CIA official who would tell falsehoods, even under oath, whenever he felt that “national security” required it.
And it will not be satisfied with anything less.
BELIN: Well, now, the final area of my interrogation relates to charges that the CIA was in some way conspiratorially involved with the assassination of President Kennedy.
The Instructions said the infiltration will take perhaps not one year, perhaps not ten years, but perhaps a century.
I do not really see any problems there.”
And I know the pope very well!
Yeah, it’s kind of crazy.
Hide Caption 25 of 30 Photos: Mass shooting at Las Vegas music festival People tend to a victim at the festival grounds.
The group surmises that it was Bergoglio’s direct intervention with judges in the case that prevented a conviction against Grassi for so long and delayed his sentencing through multiple appeals.
The Foreign Office recently warned that the deadly outbreak is entering its most dangerous phase.
The bishop has denied ever knowing about "the serious abuses" committed by Karadima, who was never prosecuted in Chile because so much time had passed but was convicted and sentenced by the Vatican to a lifetime of "penance and prayer".
He added, "I've got some questions of my own about Doug Haig that I'm going to continue seeking answers for."
MGM, though, said it was “confident” that the 9:59 p.m. time was inaccurate and “was derived from a Mandalay Bay report manually created after the fact without the benefit of information we now have.” The company also disputed the suggestion of a lag, saying the shooting rampage began within a minute of Campos reporting his injury on the 32nd floor.
Many of the people you have rightly banned from entering the UK were guilty of less than this.”
“Hamilton had applied for a marriage annulment, after telling his wife of a long psychosexual entanglement with Karadima that began when he was 17 in El Bosque.
Campbell testified before numerous Congressional investigators that his extensive counterintelligence work on Russia and stated that during his time as an informant, he obtained information that Russia was continuing to aid the Iranian government.
The judge was certain to be a highly controversial selection from the start.
Fogazzaro was a known Modernist whose works were banned by the Church and placed on the Index of Forbidden Books.
The records were released Wednesday in response to a public records lawsuit filed by The Associated Press and Las Vegas Review-Journal.
The incubation period is extremely short too, and an infected person may die within 12 to 24 hours of contracting the bacteria making cures in underdeveloped regions of the globe difficult at best.
But despite NASA's renewed focus on lunar exploration, as dictated in December by an order from President Trump, the agency won't beat India back to the moon.
Douglas Haig's name was revealed in the release of search warrant records.
He was ordained to the priesthood on June 23, 1995.
The virus is transmitted by direct contact with the blood, body fluids, and tissues of infected persons or wild animals (e.g.
Conspiracy: Muslim Photographer & Nation Of Islam Hid Photos Of Obama With Farrakhan Since 2008
Titled “Study of Assassination,” the manual spells out various ways to assassinate people.
Orban's border wall reduced illegal immigration by 99%!
And then remember how the pope had apologised-except-not-really because the accusations are, after all, still lies, and that there’s still “no evidence” against Barros…?
We know that in many states (it is a pity) it is impossible [to recognize Catholicism as the state religion].
What happened during the 6 minutes between Campos being shot and Paddock opening fire, and why weren’t the police rushing to the scene immediately?
That should be big news.
The student, Ashley Arnold, is working towards an online sociology degree with the university.
Hide Caption 13 of 30 Photos: Mass shooting at Las Vegas music festival People are searched by police at the Tropicana.
Where it was simply wrong it was ridiculous and where it was wrong and political it was outright wicked.
It was a male, who then invited her in.
But the worst news is that the epidemic could explode anytime unleashing the sickness on the globe.
Kavanaugh Nomination Is Exploding in Trump’s Face
The discrepancy could raise questions about whether police might have taken steps to intervene while Paddock was launching his devastating 10-minute onslaught….
The cardinal even went so far as to suggest that the victim should “ask forgiveness” for his own role in the scandal.
And what did these Instructions say?
First they came for the Jews.
Rick said he had already contacted the Clark County Sheriff’s Office to relay all the information he knew.
He told the BBC at a press conference, “What the Pope has done today is offensive and painful, and not only against us, but against everyone seeking to end the abuses.” The lead voice of the victims in Chile, Juan Carlos Cruz, tweeting to one of Francis’s leading apologists, Austen Ivereigh, said, “Does he need a photo, a selfie, as proof?
The radical Shiite Iranian regime purported to come to the “rescue” of both countries from the Sunni terrorists, turning Iraq into a virtual vassal state of the largest state sponsor of terrorism in the process.
This Cardinal was the chief of the liberals in the Council.
would see it during the morning of the assassination, which took place after noon.
Unlike JFK, who had begun withdrawing troops from Vietnam, Johnson would The Man Who Killed Ken... Roger Stone Check Amazon for Pricing.
The U.S. can impose sanctions against the Iranian regime’s principal instrument for projecting aggressive, destabilizing force outside of its borders without violating the nuclear deal.
“I would like to take this opportunity to make it clear that there is absolutely no place for anti-Semitism at McGill University and that, as principal and vice-chancellor, I will remain vigilant to ensure that all members of our community feel safe, welcomed and respected on our campuses,” she said in a statement.
This is done by cutting the airframe, and welding in place the appropriate segments (this also required that the fuel supply pipe, which passes through the oxidizer tank, be similarly lengthened.)
The navy termed these near ritualistic, belligerent encounters, “unsafe and unprofessional.”
NASA has a whole lot of fancy image-gathering hardware on Earth and in space, and we’ve seen countless of stunning snapshots taken from here on Earth as well as nearby planets like Mars, Jupiter and Saturn.
By Nick Brown
The U.S. coalition in Syria said this week the BSF will be built up "over the next several years" and "be stationed along the borders ... to include portions of the Euphrates river valley and international borders to the east and north."
The nuncio has prepared the triad [the “terna” or list of three candidates].
The report begins, “It ain’t debatable!
In the past they had been ratified as a bloc.
BDS activists generally avoid reference to “Jews” by name because it is impolitic and commonly substitute “Zionists” for Jews even though most of us are cognizant of their true intentions.
In addition to covert transfers of materials and technology to Iran in violation of the nuclear deal, the JCPOA may provide a loophole for Iran to exploit in outsourcing some of the development work to North Korea for hard currency, which North Korea desperately needs.
They noted the accusers were deemed credible enough by the Vatican that it sentenced Karadima to a lifetime of “penance and prayer” for his crimes in 2011.
If the Church exists simply to accommodate the whims and failures of secular modernity, then what is the point of the Church?
They know that.
These are emails that say uranium one that are in the FBI files.
MGM Resorts pushed back on this account, first saying Tuesday that there were unspecified inaccuracies and then, on Thursday, releasing a statement directly contradicting parts of what the police had said….
For Garcia’s Zarate’s attorney, Matt Gonzalez, Ralph Nader’s running mate in the 2008 presidential election, the trial was all about Donald Trump.
Bishop Fischer’s support of the profession comes one week after Bishop Athanasius Schneider, auxiliary of Astana, Kazakstan, invited the world’s bishops to sign the document and join in raising a common voice in defense of the sanctity and the indissolubility of marriage.
The venue is once again the Center for Jewish History.
Donald “Art of the Deal” Trump was obviously negotiating all week with the CIA, and he was obviously pushing to get what he wanted all the way up to the very last day.
"Any Jew who opposes the Occupation — or opposes Zionism itself — knows that feeling of being shunned from the places that are supposed to shelter and nurture you: families, synagogues, community centers, arts organizations," Fishback continues.
Iran has tested several ballistic missiles during the last two years, including two Qadr H missiles with the phrase “Israel must be wiped out” emblazoned on the sides.
Two other unidentified women told HuffPost that Franken grabbed their buttocks at separate events in 2007 and 2008.
Kavanaugh is a longtime Republican operative, a hard-liner during both the Vince Foster and Monica Lewinsky investigations.
Now, suddenly, all the circumstantial evidence in the Kennedy assassination falls into place.
It has been virtually ignored by everyone, save this author and his colleague, Director of Militant Islam Monitor Beila Rabinowitz.
The suit quotes from one lesson: “If all of the Israelites had chosen to follow the Ten Commandments, think of how safe and happy they would have been.” Another lesson asks students to imagine that humans and dinosaurs existed at the same time.
“The Iranian influence is spreading because they are so heavily involved in regime activities,” Tabler added.
Soon after taking office, Trump noted that “Iran [was] playing with fire” and added that he wouldn’t be as “kind” to the mullahs as Obama was.
If confirmed, the report Tuesday would suggest a direct connection between the Trump campaign and WikiLeaks, which released tens of thousands of emails stolen by Russian spies during the 2016 election.
A search of Patel's computer also showed he researched how to join the Islamic State before he left for China.
Theresa May’s relentlessly appeasement-minded government also admitted two jihad preachers who had praised the murderer of a foe of Pakistan’s blasphemy laws.
These patterns repeat every 11 years or so, but new research suggests that there’s a pattern behind the pattern, and that a particularly cool solar minimum is on the way.
The former head of the theological secretariat of the U.S. Bishop’s conference, Fr.
Writs of habeas corpus challenge illegal detention.
This helps cut the chain of transmission by preventing further infections through direct contact with infected corpses.
Rigoberto Gonzalez-Aragon, 66, was returned to Guatemala City, via an ICE Air Operations charter flight, and transferred to the custody of Guatemalan law enforcement authorities.
I’m posting the address here because I'm convinced the Archbishop’s words provide recent recruits to Tradition with vital historical context for the diabolical debacle that is the pontificate of Pope Francis.
Those transfers, which were made in bulk $50,000 sums and at times delivered in cash, occurred between senior executives of the American transportation company and the Russian executives connected to Rosatom.
Their failure to defend the Faith by standing up to the one they know full well is attacking it almost daily lends itself ever more to an indictment for timidity in the face of unprecedented danger to the Church and the cause of the Gospel of which they are divinely charged to be leaders.
So observers have grounds to believe that Garcia and Gonzalez both got the jury they wanted.
According to their proposed “alternate translation” into English, What the Pope Really Means® is that objectively immoral behavior one feels unable to correct due to one’s “limits” is “the offering that God himself is asking amid the mass of impediments, although it may not yet be the perfect objective model.” Which is what the official English translation already says but with fewer words.
“This is what I can say with sincerity.
But it gets worse than this.
Perhaps the most astonishing aspect of this little incident is just how completely blind the US bishops – as with nearly all the episcopate – are to what political analysts call the “optics”.
He said to the people, “even though we remove this article we remain Catholic.
I apologize ahead of time if I misconstrued his words.
I went ahead and added up each column, and what I discovered is that 264 cases of sexual harassment in Congress have been settled since 1997, and the total amount awarded in those settlements comes to a grand total of $17,250,854.
Having been raised in Remi de Roo’s Victoria in the 1970s, I had naturally never heard anything at all about the Eucharist.
AJHS and JVP members get discounted admission.
Next, after another little inside nudge-nudge-wink-wink joke about the “gay lobby” – implying (but of course never outright saying) that the whole thing is hysterical nonsense – we hear a direct contradiction to Catholic teaching from no less a source than his predecessor, Pope Benedict Ratzinger.
On June 8, ERO deportation officers arrested Gonzalez-Aragon in Spring Valley, New York, for immigration violations.
It is a Protestant religion.
And none of that evidence got aired before the Obama administration made those decisions,” a person who worked on the case told The Hill, speaking on condition of anonymity for fear of retribution by U.S. or Russian officials.”
Mr Cruz sent the text of his letter (written in Spanish) to BBC News, showing it was addressed personally to Pope Francis and dated 3 March 2015.
None of this is really that surprising.
When officers responded to Cross Wind Drive, shots were fired at them, killing Officer Anthony Morelli and Officer Eric Joering.
Even by BDS standards, their manifestly anti-Semitic campaign antics were beyond the pale.
They would rightly object, he said, if they lived somewhere where they were the religious minority and supporters of another religion wanted a course on their faith taught in public schools.
"This is why I have complied with this investigation fully, and will do so with any other inquiries.
There is also substantial documentation that was discovered in Oregon that relates to this deal during the Oregon occupation in 2016, which got zero coverage in the mainstream media.
Some say the pope was liberal before he was elected pope, and perhaps (we do not know) he gave his name to Freemasonry (thereby incurring excommunication before the conclave).
Campbell uncovered a Russian plot to penetrate the Obama administration and gain approval for the Uranium One sale, including a 2010 email which describes “Russia’s intent on expanding its Uranium expansion in the United States.”
In a letter to May, he said: “I am writing to you to ask you and the home secretary to take immediate action to ban the president of the United States, Donald Trump, from entering the United Kingdom, due to his apparent support for far-right groups in this country.
Juanita Broaddrick, Kathleen Willey, Connie Hamzy, Eileen Wellstone, Sandra Allen James, Christy Zercher, Paula Jones, Monica Lewinsky, Gennifer Flowers, Elizabeth Ward Gracen, Sally Perdue, Lencola Sullivan, Susie Whitacre and Bobbie Ann William are some of the women that have made allegations against Clinton, and if even half of their allegations are true Clinton should be in prison for the rest of his life.
He also pointed to the presence of the pneumonic version, which spreads more easily and is more virulent, in the latest outbreak.
“That’s my concern.”
Hide Caption 14 of 30 Photos: Mass shooting at Las Vegas music festival An ambulance leaves the intersection of Las Vegas Boulevard and Tropicana Avenue.
But whatever its flaws, Mysterium Fidei is the one I found, and I’m convinced it wasn’t an accident.
It was as though someone had plausibly told me that, yes, there were fairies and magical kingdoms in real life, “just around the corner”.
After Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley (R-VA) demanded Campbell be allowed to testify in front of Congress, the gag order was lifted.
I do not know.
In September, he was ordered removed by an immigration judge, paving the way for his deportation.
Our example was an attempt to show that Professors Brugger and Seifert are wrong to believe AL 303 implies that God is asking some people to continue to live in an objectively sinful state.
He was in their machinery.
It's unknown whether the ammunition Haig sold to Paddock was used in the attack.
US Judge Rejects Bid to Dismiss Indonesian Immigrant's Lawsuit, Jakarta Globe/Reuters, October 25, 2017
The CIA will cave.
In an unusual step, Cardinal O'Malley openly criticised the Pope last month for his initial remarks in Chile, saying he had left victims feeling abandoned.
If you throw more and more antibiotics at patients, antibiotic resistance is more or less inevitable.”
Looking carefully at the infamous “Who am I to judge” comment, this was clear early on.
Robert Spitzer, an expert on firearms and the Second Amendment, said by and large there are no restrictions on the amount of ammunition a person can buy, but a large sale of tracer ammunition would certainly be unusual.
And therefore, so that the hope aroused by the council, that a flourishing of eucharistic piety which is now pervading the whole Church, be not frustrated by this spread of false opinions, we have with apostolic authority decided to address you, venerable brothers, and to express our mind on this subject.
Today, Oswald’s Mexico City trip, which is part of those CIA records ready to be released, is still shrouded in mystery.
Gonzalez hails from McAllen, Texas, and attended Columbia University on a scholarship.
An organization that hands out the Emma Lazarus Award, named after a passionate Zionist, at its posh dinners is hosting attacks on the existence of Israel.
In October, SSMU’s General Assembly moved to ratify the 12-member Board of Directors.
The true children of Holy Church, at such times, are those who walk by the light of their Baptism, not the cowardly souls who, under the specious pretext of submission to the powers that be, delay their opposition to the enemy in the hope of receiving instructions which are neither necessary nor desirable."
Jewish and Pro-Israel Students Kicked Off University Board for Opposing BDS
Fabricated assemblies require sophisticated engineering and are arranged inside the reactor with the help and consult of TVEL.” Campbell informed the FBI of the close relationship between TVEL and TENEX, both a part of the Rosatom group.
New Las Vegas Shooter Theory: “Rushed And Unprepared… Could Have Led To Accident Like Shooting Himself In The Head”
Las Vegas Shooting: A THIRD Timeline Emerges
"Something’s not adding up."
And while the country experiences regular outbreaks, with an estimated 400 cases of plague each year, this time things are very different, experts warn.
Records show Haig also owns Specialized Military Ammunition LLC.
May San Francisco rot in hell!
The indictment also alleges that Lambert and others caused Transportation Corporation A to overbill TENEX by building the cost of the corrupt payments into their invoices, and TENEX thus overpaid for Transportation Corporation A’s services.
Even the best among them continue to limit themselves to generalized lamentations at conferences or in interviews about the parlous state of the Church or at most the “confusion” Francis has caused by not “clarifying” precisely what he has just clarified.
How dare anyone grab my breasts like this and think it’s funny?
Police said Campos was shot in the leg at the end of Paddock’s assault on concertgoers—potentially distracting the gunman and causing him to panic and kill himself.
Not surprisingly, it is choosing the latter course, especially because it knows that its assets and allies in the mainstream press will continue to come to its defense with respect to its ridiculous claim of “national security.”
In a sense, what Bergoglio is doing is worse than explicit heresy, which could at least be readily identified and denounced as such.
Rather than being about receiving “God’s assistance for themselves,” those engaging in sodomy and wishing to have it “blessed” by the Church “aim with their request at the recognition and acceptance of their homosexual way of life and its ecclesial valorization.”
The power grid’s failure has caused more problems than many anticipated, like the stall of relief efforts.
She is like Derrick Kahala Watson , a treasonous kritarch, unwilling to submit her hunger for power and ideology to the Constitution and the law.
Heaven or Hell?”
As for Syria's Kurds casting their lot with the Americans, one wonders: Did they not observe what happened when their Iraqi cousins, after helping us drive ISIS out of Mosul, were themselves driven out of Kirkuk by the Iraqi army, as their U.S. allies watched?
During his criminal trial Grassi said Bergoglio “never let go” of his hand.
It's Demolition Man in real life pitting refugee war criminals and terrorists against bureaucrats with badges who are used to telling people not to raise their voices.
“Tumbling is an unusual state of rotation,” Fraser said during Sunday’s episode of the BBC’s long-running Sky at Night show.
Health workers have been asked to work with communities to stop the deadly Marburg outbreak from devastating communities in the rural region.
Bill Shine, the deputy chief of staff for communications, sent a letter to Mr. Acosta that listed several reasons that his pass had been revoked, perhaps an attempt to satisfy the judge’s request for a clear rationale.
Police believe Douglas Haig may have conspired with gunman Stephen Paddock, but it's unclear if he's still under investigation.
“Funds will be used to provide relief and financial support for him while he gets back on his feet,” Rodriguez’s online petition says.
In one photo in particular, a white piece of paper or notepad on a side table next to a chair is visible, which caused some to speculate that it may have been a suicide note.
In addition to securing the Gulf, the 5th Fleet serves as a constant reminder to the Iranians of their impotence.
So why do they now say, as Mgr.
Time to buy old US gold coins
Victor said his client sold ammunition to Paddock once and doesn't believe they have communicated since.
And the Pope is almost certain to ignore this heartfelt appeal, as he has ignored others who have respectfully questioned his departures from Catholic teaching.
By now, we have all heard of Jesus Campos.
I believe that Mr. Hoover testified that he had not been an agent of theirs either.
Who can really say?
In an environment with “so many young women,” said one ex-House aide, the men “have no self-control.” “Amongst ourselves, we know,” a former Senate staffer said of the lawmakers with the worst reputations.
That would put the United States at a disadvantage.
So, why do they not grant me the possibility of visiting the pope?
Sanctity of life will be held in derision even by those who outwardly profess it, for in those days Our Lord Jesus Christ will send them, not a true Pastor, but a destroyer.” [paragraph breaks added]
The Dictator Pope even feels at liberty to demand that the Lord’s Prayer be changed to reflect his dissatisfaction with God’s words: “And lead us not into temptation [et ne nos inducas in tentationem],” which Francis has decided, after 2,000 years, is a “not a good translation.” Apparently lost on Francis, given the disordered mélange of bits and pieces of things he has read that constitutes his theology, is the distinction between sin, a culpable act, and temptation, which arises from concupiscence or what Saint Thomas called the fomes, or the fleshly inclination to sin, which grace enables us to control by the rule of reason over the passions.
This new report documenting yet another instance of a possible second shooter comes on the heels of dozens of similar reports, with the most recent arriving in the form of air traffic control audio that directly stated that there were active shooters on the runway.
In case you are unfamiliar with Uranium One, it is a Canadian mining company whose sale to a Russian firm was approved in 2010.
And the U.S. military will stand behind the BSF.
And then they came for everyone else.
That was the end of the matter.
Shafayat Mohamed later lamented the existence of Muslim homosexuals.
Now, it’s theoretically possible that the CIA presented Trump with some earthshattering new information on the Thursday deadline that showed that the United States would fall into the ocean if Americans were finally permitted to see the CIA’s long-secret JFK records.
Who sanctioned this commitment to a new army, which, if Syria and its Russian and Iranian allies, and the Turks, do not all back down, risks a major U.S. war with no allies but the Kurds?
The Mexican nation and career criminal enjoyed all the rights of the American legal system, the presumption of innocence, and a high-profile defense attorney funded by American taxpayers.
I respectfully suggest that Dr. Fastiggi’s comments evince a need for serious study and reflection before he ventures further opinions on this controversy in public.
One, known to the press only as “Gabriel,” wanted to talk to Francis about the sexual abuse he suffered at the hands of Julio César Grassi, accused of molesting at least five boys, “who has been avoiding the sentences of the justice of Morón and the Court of Cassation.
He has confederates firing from the front, who almost certainly are Soviet and Cuban communists, especially since Oswald has supposedly just recently visited the Soviet and Cuban embassies in Mexico City.
In fact, this transcript reads like a message of encouragement at a crucial moment in the history of this movement—Stay in the fight!
pic.twitter.com/5pnK5dkkE6 — Alejandro (@agarciapadilla) October 21, 2017
A blind man could see what was happening.
Askia Muhammad A journalist announced last week that he will publish a photograph of then-Illinois Sen. Barack Obama (D) and Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan that he took in 2005 at a Congressional Black Caucus meeting, but did not make public because he believed it would have “made a difference” to Obama’s political future.
The event was reported by Intellihub’s Shepard Ambellas on Nov. 11, 2017, in the article titled Private surveillance footage reveals “helicopter hovering overhead” at time of Las Vegas Massacre, FBI never asked for tape, after an excerpt of the footage aired on Tucker Carlson Tonight.
I know the liturgy was the best school of the Faith for people who cannot read.
Much of the recent coverage has been focused on Tamika Mallory, one of the heads of the Women’s March organization, who attended the Feb. 25 speech, and on Representative Danny Davis, a Democrat of Illinois, who defended Mr. Obama and Mr. Farrakhan after the photo came to light.
Strangely, a picture of Campos wasn’t displayed as part of the fund because Rodriguez indicated that “due to privacy from the media we do not feel comfortable publishing a photo.”
Shafayat Mohamed is not the only Muslim extremist that has participated in the Democratic Party’s TKJ Dinner.
The woman’s lifeless body can be seen being drug across the parking lot by several men who placed the body behind a pick-up truck while the gunfire continued.
Fernando Karadima, such accusations against Barros are “all calumny.” The pope’s remarks drew shock from Chileans and immediate rebuke from victims and their advocates.
While the bubonic plague is spread through the bites of infected fleas, pneumonic plague is spread through the air, usually by coughing.
That money includes nearly $7 billion announced on Wednesday and will help the bankrupt U.S. territory recover from September's Hurricane Maria, according to a statement on Friday from Governor Ricardo Rossello and Jenniffer Gonzalez, Puerto Rico's nonvoting member of the U.S. Congress.
Here's my article on the subject.
In the end, the main Russian executive sent to the U.S. to expand Russian President Vladimir Putin’s nuclear business, an executive of an American trucking firm and a Russian financier from New Jersey pled guilty to various crimes in a case that started in 2009 and ended in late 2015.
NASA has released a record-breaking photograph taken by the New Horizons spacecraft when it was 3.79 billion miles away from the Earth.
And the partnership between AJHS and JVP sheds light on the controversy over the appointment of David N. Myers, an anti-Israel activist, to head the Center for Jewish History.
[2] It’s notable that these howling tantrums from the German bishops halted abruptly about the same time as Cardinal Kasper gave his infamous consistory speech in February 2014.
The judge released the documents after CNN and other media outlets sued to obtain them.
The only case in which a priest could admit a person living in an irregular matrimonial union to receive the Sacraments of Penance and Holy Eucharist is the case of a couple who agree to live “as brother and sister”, that is to respect the marriage to which they are bound by not living in a marital way with another person.
In July 2010, the Anti-Defamation League (ADL) condemned Zakkout and his group AMANA for featuring another anti-Semitic Duke video on the AMANA website.
Asked whether he thought the photo’s release would have affected Obama’s presidential campaign, Muhammad said, “I insist.
Asked whether he thought the photo’s release would have affected Obama’s presidential campaign, Muhammad said, “I insist.
Greg Burke, the pope’s press officer, confirmed that “no papal meetings were planned with the Osorno group, which had formally requested to meet with the pope in July but were told by Vatican organizers that his schedule was already final, some six months before the trip.”
“I hated myself for making the worst decision I ever made,” Khweis wrote to the judge in a letter.
For one of her final assignments, she had to compare a social norm in the United States to another country.
Third-year student Noah Lew was one of 12 board members up for general assembly ratification on Monday evening following his victory as vice-president finance of the Arts Undergraduate Society.
Police identify suspect in death of 2 Ohio police officers by SARAH WYNN, WSYX/WTTE Saturday, February 10th 2018 COLUMBUS, Ohio (WSYX/WTTE) - The Westerville Division of Police has identified the suspect in the death of two Westerville police officers as Quentin Lamar Smith.
The White House also announced Monday that it would allow a 10-day waiver temporarily blocking the Jones Act to expire.
It is a sin when we abandon the truth of the Kingdom of Jesus Christ, everywhere, and we abandon the Faith of the divinity of Jesus Christ.
“America is in trouble, and I say God is about to wipe this nation from the face of the Earth.
Of course not — that would be preposterous, as I’m sure Faggioli would agree.
"After I do some independent research on the continent/country issue I will review your paper."
During the interview, the recruiter asked to see Patel's passport to confirm his travel claims.
Whether any CIA officer ever talked to him any place or not I don’t know but I certainly felt quite comfortable — I believe Mr. [John] McCone [a previous CIA director] was asked to testify before the Commission on this point.
And I am calling on Congress to immediately release the details of all of the 264 cases of sexual harassment that have been settled since 1997.
As part of the frame-up, the CIA would have to fortify the persona of Oswald, its intelligence agent, as a purported communist.
Update 2 : Just as we suspected, President Trump has tweeted his opinion on this decision…
Even then, the priest would have to insist that the couple living in continence receive the Sacraments in a place in which they are not well known, lest other faithful be led to believe that persons living in an irregular matrimonial union may receive the Sacraments.
And in the application process, he lied to military recruiters about a recent trip he'd taken to Jordan in a failed attempt to make contact with the Islamic State and join a "real Muslim Army," the documents said.
And by the way, everywhere they were scattered, they were persecuted, hated, treated badly.
A maintenance worker came up to the 32nd floor.
A moral catastrophe is self-evidently underway and it is not possible honestly to deny its cause.
The event, called the Maunder Minimum, is credited with plunging temperatures to the point where the Thames River and Baltic Sea froze over.
Buy it for friends.
Peter Kleigel, a priest of Osorno, told Associated Press, “We’re convinced that this appointment is not correct because, following canon law, a bishop must be well-regarded.
Instead it’s providing a forum for a BDS hate group.
In the course of their conversations, Patel discussed his desire to see a holy war between Muslims and non-Muslims.
We don’t remember those who were too intimidated and uncertain to rise against anti-Semitism when they saw it and heard it.
It’s a good example of how badly Trump does his job more than a year and a half into his administration.
The only way to treat a person who has contracted the plague is with antibiotics.
Sen. Al Franken announced his resignationon the Senate floor Thursday morning, as Democratic calls for his resignation mount following the latest sexual misconduct accusations against him.
are available from Amazon.com.
What happens now?
Who is Louis Farrakhan?
Where in our Church are the leaders who can show us the right path?
• Paddock later called Haig three times to arrange a sale at Haig's home.
One of the protesters told the BBC, “He doesn’t even know us, so how can he accuse us of being such things?
This road makes Iran’s job easier in supplying arms by land, as well as by air and sea, to prop up Syrian President Bashar al-Assad’s regime and to equip Iran’s own forces fighting inside of Syria in support of Assad.
Rescript "from an Audience with His Holiness"
Notice something else about the deal that Trump has presumably made with the CIA: The secrecy arrangement extends only to April.
I think you should follow your own advice about studying this matter with an open heart and mind, but above all with open eyes, for you have clearly shut them to what is going in the dioceses in the name of AL.
Just this week, we reported that Hungary had grown weary of the talks of pushing illegal Muslim migrants on their country and Europe, and was preparing to walk away from the negotiating table.
The plague can be fatal 24-48 hours after infection, but antibiotics will take care of the infection.
Him, the PLO and the KKK.
Displaying their naivete, they demonstrate their lack of understanding about how things work in Washington, D.C. As I indicated in my Monday article, when someone in the federal government needs a favor from someone else, the someone else is going to ask for something in return.
The tradition of twenty centuries.
About Monsignor Ricca: I did what canon law calls for, that is a preliminary investigation.
“We don’t really know what caused him to travel to Syria.”
They are men who refuse to bend the knee before the God whom they will not serve.
Mohamad Jamal Khweis from Alexandria, Virginia, was convicted by a federal jury in June.
Or do we leave our forces in Syria and Iraq and defy any demand from Assad to vacate his country?
In the process, however, he misidentified Hasan as Nidal Hussein and said the shooting happened at Fort Knox in Kentucky.
But still they come.
And on the second issue .
Whatever else might be said about the assassination of President Kennedy, one thing is for sure: The cover-up of this particular U.S. regime-change operation was one of the most ingenious and cunning plots ever designed.
He said he noticed nothing suspicious when he sold 720 rounds of ammunition to Stephen Paddock in the weeks before the attack that killed 58 people.
Two prominent US bloggers have been banned from entering the UK, the Home Office has said.
“This is a young man that I work with day in and day out.
This activity has frequently taken the form of violence on our streets.
The documents include all FBI reports on interviews, also known as 302s, with Justice Department official Bruce Ohr and all FBI reports of interviews prepared in connection with applications to surveil Carter Page, as well as 21 pages of one renewed warrant.
In fact, some members of his own party said that his apology was entirely insufficient and are calling for Franken to be held accountable for his actions…
Coupled with the high likelihood that this disease could spread globally by an infected traveler getting on a plane to Europe or America, health officials are now warning that the strain of plague which has already killed more than 140 Madagascar could mutate and become untreatable.
According to Guatemalan authorities, Ohajacao-Ramos is accused of fatally shooting a store owner in his store in June 1997.
They've nothing to contribute to life in this country.
Benelli took the book of the New Ordo, gave it to me, and said, “You must say this New Mass in all of your houses.”
He also told "CBS This Morning" on Wednesday that he sold more than 700 rounds of ammunition to Paddock.
“Even if 99.9 percent of the people in the community want it, they need to remember that liberty of conscience is not up for a vote,” he said.
Every time a BDS activist faces a boycott, the #BDStears come out.
And as we go into the Council, you know that on the first day of the Council, Cardinal Lienart was the chief of the liberal cardinals in the Council, [together] with all of the Cardinals of the Rhine (such as Cardinal Alfrink, Cardinal Frings, Cardinal Dopfner, Cardinal Suenens, Cardinal Leinart, and Cardinal Koenig of Austria).
Article posted with permission from Sons Of Liberty Media
Toensing said she also possesses memos that recount how the Justice Department last year threatened her client when he attempted to file a lawsuit that could have drawn attention to the Russian corruption during the 2016 presidential race as well as helped him recover some of the money Russians stole from him through kickbacks during the FBI probe.
As Shepard Ambellas reported in a now viral article, “Kymberley Suchomel, who posted her eyewitness account of the Las Vegas massacre in astonishingly vivid detail to her Facebook page on Oct. 4, subsequently passed away in her home on Oct. 9 from what reports are claiming are natural causes.”
A giant government-owned hospital ship, the USNS Comfort, arrived in Puerto Rico weeks ago to help out, but many people don’t know about the ship.
The body has been cremated!
Virginia: Muslim gets 20 years for joining ISIS, says they studied Islam for 8 hours every day
This argument is absurd on its face.
The new resolution replaced clear prohibitions imposed on Iran’s ballistic missile program with a weak declaration in an annex that simply “calls upon” Iran not to undertake any activity such as development and test launches related to ballistic missiles designed to be capable of delivering nuclear weapons for eight years.
It is often forgotten that Bergoglio’s notorious comment “who am I to judge” was in response to a question on a plane-presser about Ricca, and was followed with a similar claim from Francis about there having been no proof of his misbehaviour.
And during the discourse of the Secretary of the Episcopal Conference, [the Secretary] said, “in the name of the Declaration of Religious Freedom [of Vatican II], we ask the President to remove this article in the Constitution.”
Law and order is likely to be a major issue in a parliamentary election scheduled for September with the populist, opposition Sweden Democrats linking public concern about the rising crime rate to a large increase in the numbers of immigrants.
The government has promised police an extra 7.1 billion crowns ($880 million) through 2020, toughened laws on gun crimes and made it easier for the police to monitor private phone calls and emails, among other measures.
Just before invoking the German case, Faggioli characterized the country as one of the most secular in the world.
CNN’s lawyers called the note an “after-the-fact concocted process.” By Monday afternoon, the sides had reached a resolution.
Today at Cape Canaveral, SpaceXlaunched a new sensor to the International Space Station named TSIS-1.
Moreover, all that President Trump has done so far is to return the JCPOA to Congress for review.
The Archbishop Speaks
PM Orban has remained consistent.
And Kritarch Saris has not stopped.
Now they have lost Kirkuk and its oil, and their dream of independence is all but dead.
Soup to nuts, top to bottom, the 9/11/01 terrorist attacks on New York City and Washington D.C. were an ‘Israeli’-Jewish job.” The website which published the report and which Zakkout linked to is Mouqawamah Music, a site that openly calls for “Death to Israel” and labels the Jewish religion “wicked and filth-ridden.”
“We elected you to make reforms, not to smash everything!” Thus is Cardinal Leonardi Sandri, a fellow Argentinian and a supporter of Pope Francis at the conclave of 2013, reliably reported literally to have screamed at Pope Francis behind closed doors in the Vatican.
For a more detailed analysis of motive, read FFF’s ebook JFK’s War with the National Security Establishment: Why Kennedy Was Assassinated by Douglas Horne, who served on the staff of the Assassination Records Review Board in the 1990s.
Says President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, " We will destroy all terror nests, one by one, in Syria, starting from Afrin and Manbij."
In "Amoris Laetitia," your guidance at times seems intentionally ambiguous, thus inviting both a traditional interpretation of Catholic teaching on marriage and divorce as well as one that might imply a change in that teaching….
“Act bravely, my brethren; take courage and trust in the Lord.
In a Nov. 29 incident, police say his wife, 33-year-old Candace Smith, asked about protection orders because she and Quentin Smith weren't getting along.
Well, according to Fastiggi and Goldstein, while the English translation reads: “what for now is the most generous response which can be given to God,” the Latin employs the word oblationem, which means offering.
It is not immediately clear how and when the documents will be released, but by Monday evening, intelligence agencies said they had already begun working to prepare the documents.
“Hungary has never admitted and will never admit illegal immigrants, irrespective of whether there is any pressure in this direction along the borders or from Brussels,” Szijjártó said.
This is the right decision.
They are somewhere in the White House sewer system.
"The investigation report, which was released today without our knowledge by someone outside of our organization, was unable to substantiate the claim of physical abuse made by Ms. Monahan,” DFL Chairman Ken Martin said in a statement.
His life before joining the caliphate was unremarkable.
It hardly seemed just to convict on the testimony of these obviously biased witnesses.
Reprinted with permission from The Future of Freedom Foundation.
Of course, we know what Obama did with his daily briefings.
Chris Bryant had nothing to say about any of those jihad preachers entering Britain with no problem.
Monahan went to reiterate that her story has nothing to do with politics.
Muhammad said he did not release his copy of the photograph because he thought it would be perceived as a betrayal of that promise: “I was really, I guess, afraid of them.”
However, that might not be the last we hear from New Horizons, as its power source could continue to provide life into 2026 and beyond.
We're getting there too.
In the document, the three bishops solemnly professed the Church’s received teaching and discipline regarding sacramental marriage and the limited conditions (see Familiaris Consortio, n. 84) under which Catholics who are divorced and “remarried” may receive sacramental absolution and Holy Communion.
(a) Arrest, detention, and release On a warrant issued by the Attorney General, an alien may be arrested and detained pending a decision on whether the alien is to be removed from the United States.
The cardinal’s office sent CNA “a request for correction of [its] translation of the interview in question, expressing concern that CNA's translation constitutes a false reference and does not properly reflect the position of Cardinal Marx.”
… The department said Khweis used encrypted devices and mobile applications to hide his activity.
In his April 22, 2016 article in Catholic World Report, Brugger writes that AL 303 suggests that “God can be ‘asking’ someone to live in a life-state in which they are objectively violating grave matter.” Then in a Sept. 28 ‘17 LifeSiteNews article, he states that “the generous response” owed to God is “a certain state that is objectively at variance with the universal command of the Gospel.” Now Prof. Brugger argues that, because the subject remains “this conscience” in AL 303, this proves that the “generous offering owed to God” is the recognition that one is living “contrary to “the universal command of the Gospel.”
“It’s a new monster.”
Francis and all his designs will ultimately come to nothing.
Once again the media are blaming the messenger instead of dealing with Islamic violence.
Other times they are simple and easy.
Come and kill him.”
It is now irrefutable that Pope Bergoglio is a habitual liar – that in fact truth, like reality, seems to mean nothing to him except as a tool.
After Oswald supposedly tried to “defect” to the Soviet Union and promised to give the Russians all the secrets he learned about in the military, why would U.S. officials agree to let him back in the country, and with a communist wife?
Josephine Ralisiarisoa firmly believes the country’s cash-strapped government is just exaggerating the problem to get money ahead of an election next year.
In our churches, Christians will search in vain for the red lamp where God awaits them.
International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Director General Yukiya Amano admitted last month that when it comes to the IAEA’s capacity to check whether Iran was conducting work on a nuclear explosive device, his agency’s “tools are limited.” The Iranian regime has also attempted to skirt the restrictions in the JCPOA on its procurement of materials, equipment, goods and technology related to Iran’s nuclear activities.
“The reason why people are in your country is not because they are refugees, but because they want a German life,” he said, describing the issue “politically” as a European problem but, “sociologically,” as a German problem.
So, no, I don't think there's any good reason to think Kavanaugh would be especially helpful to Trump compared to others he could have selected.
America's Immigration Voice.
He also ordered the court reporter to destroy her notes of the meeting.
According to a report by the Associated Press, Francis made the shocking comments in a discussion about Rev.
Obama's disastrous nuclear deal with Iran legitimized Iran's path to eventually becoming a nuclear-armed state, while immediately filling its coffers with billions of dollars to fund its aggression.
“It quickly starts to wobble around chaotically.”
If our Jewish institutions — particularly the American Jewish Historical Society — cannot accommodate dissent, and effectively exclude all Jewish anti-Zionists, then they have not only lost a rapidly growing Jewish population, but they have lost a key aspect of their Jewishness."
“This defendant executed his plan to perfection,” prosecutor Dennis Fitzpatrick said.
Health officials say the disease, which contributed to the deaths of more than 50 million people in Europe during the Middle Ages, has spread from rural areas to the more urban areas not usually affected.
“I don’t regard Louis Farrakhan as an aberration or anything, I regard him as an outstanding human being who commands a following of individuals who are learned and articulate and he plays a big role in the lives of thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of people,” he emphasized later.
On March 9, ERO New York received a lead from the ICE Assistant Attaché for Removals in Guatemala that Gonzalez-Aragon was wanted for homicide and residing in the New York metropolitan area.
It means ‘turning the bones’ and sees families cleaning the remains, rewrapping them and reburying them while other family members perform a special dance.
Ryan Petty, whose daughter was among those killed, hailed the House's vote in a tweet.
They are in Europe to conquer and Islamize it, with willing and eager help from Europe’s short-sighted, self-serving, internationalist intelligentsia."
“A call is different from a ban so legally you cannot violate a call, you can comply with a call or you can ignore the call, but you cannot violate a call,” the Russian ambassador said.
Classroom teachers are excluded from carrying arms unless they have a security forces background
That’s why the CIA has to continue keeping those records secret.
The cardinal’s office maintains that rather than saying “yes,” there is a possibility of liturgical “blessing” of gay unions, he answered the question in a more subtle way without giving an explicit “yes.” However, the German Bishops’ Conference doesn’t seem to deny the rest of his statements on how “one must encourage priests” to give encouragement to homosexual couples, which could include public blessings that would take a “liturgical” form.
In fact, things were so bad that at one point a Secret Service agent almost got into a fight with Biden.
In fact, the coroner claims that he still has to “finalize” the report despite the fact the autopsy was conducted.
Please help support us with cryptocurrency donations.
They released a comprehensive timeline, which ended up being wrong.
(Deuteronoy 23:3-6) Yes, they were.
The circumstantial evidence overwhelmingly establishes that Oswald was working for U.S. intelligence.
There are plenty of these people who are simply happy to have a place to live after many were driven from their homes due to the US, Russia and other countries putting their noses where they didn't belong and funding, training and arming Islamic jihadis there.
Tenth bishop signs ‘Profession of Immutable Truths’ in defense of marriage
When I was in Columbia, I read in the paper about the change in the first article of the Constitution of the Republic of Columbia.
“Balfour” and “Rubble Rubble” are to be part of AJHS’ “1917: How One Year Changed the World”.
Haig's name was blacked out in the more than 270 pages of search warrant records released by a Nevada judge to the AP, but remained on one page of documents provided to the Las Vegas Review-Journal.
Time to buy old US gold coins
The idea was that since an investigation would lead to Oswald’s supposed communist confederates in the front, which in turn would lead to nuclear war, the investigation had to be shut down immediately, especially since it was the CIA itself that had started the assassination game by repeatedly attempting, in partnership with the Mafia, to assassinate Castro.
Weeks after his election to the papacy, he was quoted by his close friend, Rabbi Abraham Skorka, “In my diocese it never happened to me, but a bishop called me once by phone to ask me what to do in a situation like this.” Francis added that he agreed with the “zero tolerance” attitude of the Irish episcopate and admired Pope Benedict’s reforms – most of which he was later to quietly reverse.
At the time, the papal apologists sprang instantly into action and we heard all about how the pope was talking strictly within the boundaries of Catholic doctrine.
He hasn’t made himself available to the media since.
Keep in mind, this is all information that the police and the FBI has hidden from the American people.
A great injustice has been done.
Hey, remember five minutes ago when Pope Francis shouted at a reporter in Chile that there was “no evidence” supporting complaints against his good friend Bishop Juan Barros?
Franken said he did not remember the events and denied asking anyone to visit the bathroom with him.
Steinle, 32, was fatally shot while she walked along Pier 14 of the San Francisco Bay with her father in July 2015.
Rhodes claimed that “if we see a site that we need to inspect on a military facility, we can get access to that site and inspect it.
Editor's Note: This is probably a reason why reporters Laura Loomer and Mike Tokes were barred from entering the presser.
This also followed an astonishing public rebuke of the pope by Sean Cardinal O’Malley – a member of the C9 council of cardinals and the former head of the pope’s sex abuse commission – who said, “It is understandable that Pope Francis’ statements yesterday in Santiago, Chile were a source of great pain for survivors of sexual abuse by clergy or any other perpetrator.”
I had no way to see into his mind."
According to police, a call came into the Westerville Emergency Dispatch 911 center Saturday as a hang-up.
Sometimes it’s worth taking risks.
The program is not mandatory, but almost every child in the district attends.
Tracy Barnes, one of the CIA officials responsible for the operation, was awarded the Distinguished Intelligence Medal, the CIA’s second-highest medal.
#KateSteinle #KatesLaw #JoseZarate — Ginger (@SpicyMustang) December 1, 2017
This is an email that the FBI has had for six years.
But perhaps, more and more, they become invalid because [the ministers lose faith in the Real Presence].
From shooter Paddock’s check-in date and the existence of a second person in his room, to possible connections to a terrorist organization, as well as the the actual timeline of events, everything being disseminated by law enforcement and the mainstream media should now come under public scrutiny.
Wait, were the same guys in the autopsy room that were there when the doctors and coroners examined John F Kennedy ?
— Diana Batissa (@DianaBatissa) December 1, 2017
I detailed Obama’s nefarious connections and resulting worldview in my book, The Post-American Presidency: The Obama Administration’s War on America , which was ignored by the mainstream media.
So, why the April deadline?
A photo in the AP report shows Marie Collins, a member of the commission at the time, handing the letter to the cardinal.
We must show where they are.
It appears the Las Vegas Shooter left a suicide note.
Meanwhile, ours is but to keep the Faith and protest before God and man the blows now raining down against the Church, even when they come from a wayward Roman Pontiff at her summit.
But there was no longer any doubt in my mind that Jesus wanted me to write something.
Losing a high-profile fight is always going to hurt a president, which is why they should take care to avoid high-risk, low-reward conflicts.
This writer exposed her attempted violation of the Constitution after she initially stopped the deportation of a number of Indonesians back to Indonesia as she saw it unjust and decided to substitute her moral judgment for the laws of the United States.
It was only downhill from there.
In practice, this prevents McGill’s Jewish community from defending itself against the absurd attacks to which it is subjected.
This is what Pope Francis is saying in AL 303.
It came right out and said something so astounding, something so completely unlikely, that I had to admit that it left very few logical possibilities.
Ritter explains further:
"They don’t want a 'German life' in Germany in the sense that they are willing to accept German values," she added.
Beila Rabinowitz, Director of Militant Islam Monitor, contributed to this report.
Trenton Tolliver is oblivious to the Bible battle that swirls around him.
America's Immigration Voice.
In January, I reported:
There are two conflicting timelines of Campos’s injury, but what the media has so far made clear, is that they want the public to believe Campos was walking down the Mandalay Bay Hotel & Casino’s 32nd floor hallway, when Stephen Paddock spotted him on a camera he’d allegedly set up in a room service cart, just outside his suite.
Franken, then a comedian, was quoted in a 1995 New York Magazine article discussing a skit for “Saturday Night Live” that involved drugging and raping CBS reporter Lesley Stahl.
He is suspected of using a legally bought AR-15 semi-automatic rifle to carry out the 10-minute attack, gunning down teachers and students.
The jury found the confessed shooter guilty only of felony gun possession.
Beila Rabinowitz, Director of Militant Islam Monitor, contributed to this report.
I’m sure there are plenty of people out there qualified to examine it to see if it’s safe for Trad-Catholic consumption.
Olivier Le Guillou of Action Against Hunger said: “The epidemic is ahead of us, we have not yet reached the peak.”
The encyclical, the very first I ever read, was also a marker for me of a personal turning point.
They said that there was no connection between the uranium one case and the criminal case.
They can see what the priest does.
Hezbollah, stronger than ever, was part of Assad's victorious coalition.
But there was no evidence the tracer rounds were used during the attack, according to the sources, who requested anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about such details.
• Paddock first approached Haig's table at a Las Vegas gun show sometime last year but met another person who was behind the table.
It was being generously funded by the CIA and controlled by a secret CIA agent named George Joannides, which the CIA would intentionally keep secret from the Warren Commission in the 1960s, the House Select Committee in the 1970s, and the Assassination Records Review Board in the 1990s.
That is a fact.
For secret assassination, either simple or chase, the contrived accident is the most effective technique.
That question answers itself.
The Instructions said that they [the Carbonari/Freemasons] must begin to fight against the Church by bringing reform into the Church.
"I’m just telling you I have received what I feel to be and believe to be credible evidence of a possible terrorist nexus," Perry said.
As the last meeting of the Preparatory Commission, it was for me the first image of the future Council.
“Jesus said the truth will make us free.
San Francisco public defender Matt Gonzalez now seeks to have Zarate’s gun possession charge dismissed.
A major analysis of this matter was done by Ambellas in mid-November which revealed that no aircraft should be occupying that airspace between the hours of 10:05 and 10:15 p.m. on the night of the shooting (i.e.
It is not revolution.
Nor is it allowable to discuss the mystery of transubstantiation without mentioning what the Council of Trent stated about the marvelous conversion of the whole substance of the bread into the Body and of the whole substance of the wine into the Blood of Christ, speaking rather only of what is called “transignification” and “transfiguration,” or finally to propose and act upon the opinion according to which, in the Consecrated Hosts which remain after the celebration of the sacrifice of the Mass, Christ Our Lord is no longer present.
If you don’t see the asteroid itself, be sure to look out for the Geminid meteor shower, which is set to provide a spectacular show over the course of 10 nights in December, with as many as 100 shooting stars every hour.
The ammunition, he said, was:
And I know that very well.
Eventually Deal moved her daughter to a public school a few miles away in Virginia where there is no Bible class.
Cardinal Burke, please and in God's Holy Name, we beg you to act now -- before Pope Francis succeeds in tearing the Church in half completely.
She said that one current member of Congress exposed his private parts to a female staffer when she delivered papers to his house…
Patel pleaded guilty Thursday in U.S. District Court to two counts of making false statements.
On Tuesday, U.S. Representative Jackie Speier told a congressional hearing that she personally knows of two current members of Congress that have “engaged in sexual harassment”…
The former head of the Brussels archdiocese was a leading figure in the so-called St. Gallen Group, which he himself described as a “mafia,” who had worked against the election of Joseph Ratzinger in 2005 and to elect Bergoglio in 2013.
• His Excellency Rene Gracida, Bishop emeritus of Corpus Christi, Texas, USA
Haig, an aerospace engineer and part-time ammunition reseller, said at Friday's news conference that he never saw anything suspicious in his brief interactions with Paddock.
Congressman: "Credible Evidence" Of “Terrorist Infiltration Through the Southern Border” Related To Las Vegas Shooting
Distressingly, US Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley, the most outspoken supporter of decertifying Iranian compliance in the Trump administration, told NBC on Sunday that the US intends to remain in the nuclear deal.
Reading through the encyclical again, holding it up next to the current situation in Rome, makes it easier to clarify certain critical issues.
But that is a new religion.
He said he had found the stolen weapon wrapped in a cloth and that it discharged by itself, both utterly unbelievable claims.
Khweis spent 2.5 months as a member of ISIS in northern Syria.
Ammo seller to Las Vegas killer arrested on federal charge
© AFP Cardinal O'Malley (centre) accompanied the Pope in Latin America
We must be vigorous in our intolerance of his intolerance.” In response to the news, Peter Golds, the leader of the Conservatives group in the council, tweeted: “In 2015 one of the Tower Hamlets First election candidates tweeted ‘let us support Hitler the Great.’ These people, corruptly elected, have no shame.
The disaster aid package signed by Trump on Friday - around $90 billion in total - covers a number of major disasters, including Hurricanes Irma, Harvey and Maria, as well as the recent California wildfires.
The investigation has been conducted by local and state police, not the feds, and yet, they continue to claim there is not Islamic terrorist involvement.
Many are now fleeing to the mainland United States just so that they can survive.
Tina Dupuy writes in The Atlantic that Franken put his hand around her waist while the pair posed for a photo and squeezed "at least twice" during an event in 2009.
Friday's charges do not allege that Haig knew of Paddock's intentions to kill in Las Vegas.
In my interview of Raymond Cardinal Burke less than one year ago, I asked His Eminence to clarify what, exactly, is the level of authoritative weight of Pope Francis’s post-synodal exhortation, Amoris Laetitia.
First American Citizen To Be Convicted Of Joining ISIS Gets 20 Years
Saris should know that when the appeal of her decision that the Indonesian illegal aliens gets reviewed by the Supreme Court, her decision will be struck down.
And we Americans have never shown a desire to fight there.
This scandal has set off a feeding frenzy as Internet sleuths search for other incidents in which Franken has acted inappropriately.
Adachi added, “Despite the unfairly politicized atmosphere surrounding this case, jurors focused on the evidence, which was clear and convincing, and rendered a just verdict.”
We need to be told who this member of Congress is so that he can be removed from Congress immediately.
Thus, given that Helms was an admitted perjurer and convicted liar, what value does his denial that Oswald was an intelligence agent have?
The schema from Cardinal Ottaviani was titled “…On Religious Tolerance” and the other, from Cardinal Bea, was titled “On Religious Freedom [Liberty].” When we read these two schemas, we thought, “This is impossible.
Prof. Brugger is a good theologian and a fine man, but he still seems to believe that AL 303 implies that God is asking people to continue to sin in some cases.
Several more similar cases, all of whom were rebuffed in their attempts to meet with Bergoglio, are detailed here, for the strong-of-stomach.
Though authorities have described the investigation as a team effort, they have not explained what role Las Vegas police, the FBI and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives are playing in the case.
He made all the right noises, talking about his “pain and shame,” and reportedly even crying, at what happened.
Rather than lose out on that part of the mission, the Indian Space Research Organization decided to just do it themselves.
SUBSCRIBE on YouTube:
I certainly do not agree that the Latin text eliminates the grave problems with Amoris Laetitia.
At the beginning of the Council?
And it is a pity there are not 100 bishops opening good seminaries.
The infection can be transmitted from person to person via airborne droplets from coughing or sneezing.
It’s a question he refuses to answer, despite endless platitudes of how important it is to be close to the marginalized and to accompany those on the peripheries of the Church.
However, the fact remains that Faggioli is suggesting the Church do much more than provide sacraments to the faithful.
If people like David Duke and Louis Farrakhan can be condemned and repudiated for spreading their toxic hate, their fan and propagator Zakkout can and must be as well.
After Oswald supposedly tried to defect to the Soviet Union and promised U.S. Embassy officials in Moscow that he was going to deliver classified information to the Soviet Union, which was America’s sworn Cold War enemy (and former World War II partner and ally), U.S. officials permitted him to return home with a Red wife, without even one grand-jury summons or even an iota of harassment.
In Albano, near Rome, we have a congregation of sisters where I have five vocations from the states (good sisters).
The mullahs have become cognizant of the fact that there’s a new sheriff in town, one that backs up tough talk with action and doesn’t ask “how high” when they say “jump.” Clearly, the IRGC’s new docile posture in the Arabian Gulf is a direct consequence of this realization.
I've argued that too much disclosure is required, and that Democrats (and any wavering Republicans) had more than enough information to make up their mind.
It is clear.
And Orban has stayed the course, too while governments like that of Germany have ignored their people to allow for a clear invasion of Germany that has led to untold numbers of sexual assaults by Muslim migrants, attacks on Christians and there's no telling the amount of damage to the unethical welfare system in the country.
They removed this article.
But he also went a step further.
The photographer, Askia Muhammad, told the Trice Edney News Wire that he “gave the picture up at the time and basically swore secrecy.” “But after the nomination was secured and all the way up until the inauguration; then for eight years after he was President, it was kept under cover,” Muhammad said.
The Democratic Party promotes itself as an advocacy group for all matters concerning homosexuals and labels politicians, who take stances opposite theirs on politically charged issues such as same-sex marriage, as bigots.
But the plaintiffs aren’t looking for flexibility.
Good young men with good dispositions are coming from everywhere.
Upon investigation, Lombardo said, police learned that Campos first encountered a barricaded door on the 32nd floor at 9:59 p.m.
And Iran has used Syria as a transit point for shipment of sophisticated rockets to Hezbollah in Lebanon for future use against Israeli population centers.
In some ways, that’s successful coalition-building, and what he’s done in office is just keeping his promises on judges.
Nowhere did he suggest it will make us comfortable.”
She is one of many Federal District Court Judges who want to run immigration policy, despite the fact that the Constitution gives authority over immigration to Congress, and Congress has allocated considerable authority to the President.
“This is the new Sweden; the new, exciting dynamic, multicultural paradise that so many here in this assembly … have fought to create for so many years,” he said sarcastically.
Paddock apparently detected Campos via surveillance cameras he set up outside his hotel suite, police have said.
The Photo That Never Saw The Light of Day: Obama With Farrakhan In 2005 By Esme Cribb | January 25, 2018 2:16 pm A journalist announced last week that he will publish a photograph of then-Illinois Sen. Barack Obama (D) and Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan that he took in 2005 at a Congressional Black Caucus meeting, but did not make public because he believed it would have “made a difference” to Obama’s political future.
Hide Caption 30 of 30
IAEA chief Yukiya Amano reiterated in a statement he issued on October 9th that Iran has remained in compliance with its JCPOA commitments.
Customs and Border Protection said the first smuggling attempt was broken up on Oct. 4, after Border Patrol agents stopped a car at a checkpoint on Interstate 35 and discovered two illegal immigrants from Brazil hiding in the trunk.
But stopping a moment to consider, I realised that I had only ever heard about Catholic things from people who clearly hated the Church; her enemies, in short.
"The tumbling actually causes stresses and strains internal to the object, and that slowly but surely squeezes and pulls on the object just like tides on the Earth to remove energy from the spin," Fraser said.
Juan Barros watched.” Cruz, now a 51-year-old “gay” journalist, told The Associated Press, “Barros was there, and he saw it all.”
That error threatens to overwhelm the Church while they do little more than fret about a situation whose self-evident cause—a reckless Pope in love with his own ideas and filled with contempt for Tradition—they seem incapable of identifying.
He has held far fewer formal news conferences than his predecessors, and the daily White House briefing has virtually disappeared on his watch.
But let us be clear: if you accuse someone without evidence with pertinacity, that is calumny.”
Hide Caption 5 of 30 Photos: Mass shooting at Las Vegas music festival A woman cries while hiding inside the Sands Corporation plane hangar.
That is the sort of evidence that this FBI informant has right now.
But, occasionally there can be cases of septicemic plague, where the infection has spread to a person’s bloodstream and can cause bleeding and necrosis of tissue, turning it black.
The operative words, of course, are: “Subject to the receipt of further information….”
Police officers found Campos when they arrived on the floor.
(Reuters photo: Giorgio Perottino)
Paul Hunter, a professor of health protection at the world-renowned University of East Anglia, was the first expert to predict the plague could travel across the sea.
Benelli did not communicate this condition to me before our meeting.
Kate Steinle’s murderer not guilty?
The U.S. Attorney’s office is considering an appeal, a spokeswoman said.
Should the disease actually spread to the African mainland, it will be all but impossible to control and the health care system would certainly be unable to handle the outbreak at that point, making a global pandemic much more likely.
Based on what the FBI knew – including evidence which purportedly includes a video of Russians preparing briefcases of bribe money – the Uranium One deal never should have gone through.
I have often asked myself: "Why has Jesus let all of this happen?"
Then why the hidden rifle?
Ms. Steinle, known as Kate, a 32-year-old medical equipment saleswoman, was walking along Pier 14 in San Francisco when she was struck by a bullet and collapsed into her father’s arms.
“There are two things to look at,” Sasser said.
We can assume that any frame-up by the CIA is going to be good.
In six weeks I will ordain one American priest from Detroit, who is a very good seminarian and will be a good priest.
SPECIAL REPORT: Papal Cover-up Alleged, Pope Accused in International Sex Abuse Case
He was previously convicted twice of drug possession, and he has pending criminal charges for sexually assaulting a child.
In a letter to Bishop Ivo Scapolo, papal nuncio to Chile, that Cruz gave to the Associated Press, he said he witnessed Karadima and Barros in an intimate relationship.
The meeting came only months after the two men traded nuclear taunts, ratcheting up tensions and leading to fears of war.
With one or two noble (however inconsistent) exceptions, their response to the Bergoglian Debacle thus far ranges from silence, to active complicity, to—at best—hand-wringing over the increasingly chaotic state of the Church while begging the Pope to “clarify” his already perfectly clear intentions.
Roche’s account of the words of the future Pius XII.
While there have been countless stories since the attack that raise the very real possibility that this was a false flag, one has stood out due to the fact that the person who released the information died shortly after.
The Israelis and Saudi royals want the U.S. to keep Iran from securing a land bridge from Tehran to Damascus to Lebanon.
No, that’s Satan.
Some may remember a video that made the internet rounds of an uproar in a Chilean cathedral at the installation ceremony of a bishop.
At the most, they suggest that Francis now could be complicit in the cover-up.
The devils will have unusual power; the immaculate purity of our Order, and of others, will be so much obscured that there will be very few Christians who obey the true Supreme Pontiff and the Roman Church with loyal ears and perfect charity.
After a period of review, the professor changed Arnold's grade to a B+, according to BuzzFeed News.
Except when it's coming from inside the house.
Keeping Cardinal Ottaviani’s Intervention directly before our thoughts, we read with a strange kind of helpless dread…
When U.S. Representative Jackie Speier originally told us that more than 15 million dollars had been paid out to victims of sexual harassment in recent years, I was envisioning a few dozen cases at most.
But Haig is an engineer, and he says he's not a former military officer.
I had no idea that the total number of cases would actually be well over 200.
The admission of public adulterers in “second marriages” to Holy Communion, which John Paul II, in line with all of Tradition, called “ intrinsically impossible ” given their objective state in life, is now deemed possible depending on circumstances—that is, situation ethics applied to violations of the Sixth Commandment.
not preparing for a confrontation with Islam, to which St. John Paul II has called them (Ecclesia in Europa, No.
McGill’s BDS Action Network actively campaigned against Lew and two other board members because of their links to Jewish groups and anti-BDS stances.
I believe, though, my question is reasonable in light of his reference to a “Leviathan Church” distinct from “the dictates of the Immortal God in heaven.”
I imagine that it’s going to become harder and harder for men of conscience and position to sit on the fence.”
And so, we cannot accept the diminution of this Truth.
But here’s another example, a small but important one: Recall that Oswald supposedly hid the rifle before he headed down the steps from the sixth floor of the school book depository.
The Republican-controlled House debated the bill for about eight hours on Wednesday before voting 67-50 in favour.
The program “is unconstitutional at its core and cannot be saved via modifications,” said Patrick Elliott, a lawyer with the Freedom From Religion Foundation.
“Our presidency has taken a stand: we cannot give in to extortion.
I read the discourse of the President of Columbia with the Nuncios of Columbia and the Secretary of the Episcopal Conference in Columbia.
I wonder why Mgr.
Michael Mostyn, CEO of B’nai Brith Canada, called the report a whitewash.
It shows that uranium one was part of a Russia strategy to control, not just benefit from the global market, controlled the global market.
“People are shot to death in pizza restaurants, people are killed by hand grenades they find on the street,” Sweden Democrat leader Jimmie Akesson said in parliament on Wednesday.
The agent was subsequently suspended for a week, according to the source.
Who decides what’s good and what’s forbidden in a totalitarian society?
This report was originally published by Tyler Durden at Zero Hedge
He is neither a traditionalist, nor a controversialist, but a humble and straightforward Friar who is clear-thinking and entirely loyal to the Church and Her teaching.
Lying is an act at variance in its essence with the nature of reality.
Carrying his 3-year-old daughter in his arms, Yohanes Tasik scoped out the church classroom he indefinitely would call home.
He said Haig wishes he could have figured out the intentions of Paddock but defends the sale of ammunition as legal.
CNN’s Jim Acosta Has Press Pass Restored by White House
They wrote that!
Garcia Zarate's deportation and criminal history made him an effective target for immigration hardliners, who argued that Steinle would still be alive were it not for an insecure border and lenient treatment toward suspected undocumented immigrants in local jails.
According to Loomer, she obtained the image from a source which shows that Paddock’s car first arrived September 25th.
Madagascar Plague Outbreak Has Already Killed 57 And Infected Over 600
I wanted them to know that I listened.”
While mulling grimly one day over all the wickedness of the Catholic Church, I was pulled up short by a single thought: “I could be wrong.” At 17 it seemed such an unlikely thing to think I was rather shocked.
As I indicated in my two articles this week, the CIA was between a rock and a hard place.
The letter makes short work of the notion that Islam and Christianity can ever be compatible, or that Islam can serve as a path to salvation:
So, our intrepid presenters of What the Pope Really Means® would have us believe that objectively immoral behavior, which is the best one can do according “the “concrete complexity of one’s limits,” is no longer simply objectively immoral behavior but rather a gift of self because it moves toward morally licit behavior.
Go into your report.
Coming up in late October is “The Balfour Declaration: Support for a Jewish Homeland or Jewish State?”
The October TKJ Dinner was not the first Democrat event Shafayat Mohamed has participated in.
Fard Muhammad in 1931 and continued by Elijah Muhammad in 1933.
And given that this author has written about this before, the October event will probably not be the last occasion that he is embraced by the Democratic Party.
The following day, several men, one of which presumably was Fox News anchor Sean Hannity (who was heavily guarded by a five-man security team), received mobile haircuts in the very same parking lot, in nearly the same spot the victim’s body was dragged to.
The Burkhan 2-H uses a smaller warhead than the SCUD B; as such, the guidance and control section had been reconfigured to a smaller diameter, and an inter-stage section added to connect the warhead/guidance section with the main airframe.”
That information was that Oswald was actually working for U.S. intelligence.
You write well but you do not reveal a proper understanding of what Pope Francis is saying in AL 303.
He also isn’t listed on the registry that shows the names of licensed security guards in Nevada.
A senior member of the Vatican’s diplomatic corps, Archbishop Miguel Maury Buendia, confirmed this, saying, “This Pope has removed two or three bishops per month throughout the world...
This unusual “excited” movement is better known as “tumbling.”
Such behavior gives the impression that your views cannotsurvive theological scrutiny, and so must be sustained by “ad hominem” arguments.
The researchers don’t know exactly when this happened, but suspect it took place before 'Oumuamua left its home stellar system.
(See my book The Kennedy Autopsy.)
Karadima’s victims reported to church authorities as early as 2002 that he would kiss and fondle them in the swank Santiago parish he ran, but officials refused to believe them.
Robert Fastiggi to Chris Ferrara • 2 hours ago
If papal clarification was ever needed on the long-debated issue of the intended meaning of Amoris Laetitia chapter VIII, such clarification has now been provided for the Church at large.
There’s a shooter!’ And then I heard like five or six pops, like unmistakable gunfire, unmistakably.”
The art of the deal.
And so, a majority of the bishops in the Episcopal Conference of Spain are progressives.
On Thursday, the day of the deadline established by law for releasing the records, Trump granted the CIA’s request for continued secrecy, on grounds of “national security,” more than 50 years after the Kennedy assassination.
For his part, President Trump tweeted: “A disgraceful verdict in the Kate Steinle case!
This week Collins tweeted her question for Pope Francis on the Chilean situation: “Why does the Pope not believe these three men?
Police say officers Eric Joering and Anthony Morelli were shot around noon after responding to a "potential domestic situation."
A caller to the Michael Savage radio show who says he was neighbors with Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock asserts that Paddock could not have carried out the massacre and that it was actually a “set-up”.
What is true for Corker is doubly true for the Democrats.
If you can’t speak out against the American Jewish Historical Society’s partnership with a hate group linked to a literal blood libels and a speaker who defends Hamas, when will your voice be heard?
The gang's leader, Shuaib Khan, confirmed that the group is eyeing the two Swedish cities but denied that Loyal to Familia was a “criminal gang”.
ICE officials said the arrangement had always been a temporary one and that the agency always had discretion to deport the people covered by the arrangement.
Earlier this week, I wrote an article about how “sexual harassment is rampant in the halls of Congress”, and that was before a female radio anchor named LeeAnn Tweeden revealed that Al Franken had “forcibly kissed” and groped her during a USO tour in 2006.
The authors say that Islam can be no ally in the battle “against the powers that want to dominate and enslave the world” because “they share the same totalitarian logic based on the rejection of the kingship of Christ (Lk 4.7).” They contest the idea that speaking in an “Islamophilic tone” will help those Christians who are suffering persecution in Muslim countries, professing that “apart from the fact that Jesus has never indicated any other way than that of the Cross, so that we must find our joy therein and not flee with all the damned, we do not doubt that only the proclamation of the Truth brings with it not only salvation, but freedom as well (John 8.32).”
Noah and the Ark is a favorite.
Again, Errázuriz refused to take action against Karadima.”
The McGill student at the centre of anti-Semitic allegations says he’s certain the climate within student government will improve, after a report into the incident was made public this week.
Swiss bishop signs statement calling Pope’s reading of Amoris Laetitia “alien” to the Catholic Faith
But to avoid detection, they needed a patsy, which is the term that Oswald used after his arrest.
Crucially, it was Ratzinger who moved the competence for sex abuse cases from the Congregation for Bishops to Doctrine of the Faith, with powers to suspend and punish offenders.
And we know exactly what the reaction would be if a student paper refused to publish any pro-Islamist content.
This is the latest of several revelations following the first-ever discovery of a solar system invader last October.
According to NASA, 3200 Phaethon will be visible in small telescopes for experienced observers in areas with dark skies.
If he wishes, out of spite, Corker can block effective sanctions from being passed.
I do not, as should be obvious, argue that this Leviathan Church actually exists.
A lot of the good jobs in the county have left — 22 percent of its 61,000 residents live below the poverty level — but the churches have stayed.
Campbell's work has resulted in real justice being administered.
Haig's name was inadvertently revealed this week when unredacted court documents were released to reporters.
This temporary shakeup of temperatures could happen again, though the researchers say it will have very little effect on the overall global warming trend that mankind has created for itself.
The president for months has blasted Strzok and Page for the bias revealed in their text messages, as well as Comey and McCabe for their leadership of the FBI.
And it seems clear from the way it was done, and the way Francis treated Muller in general, that he was indeed got rid of.
Only then, almost as an afterthought, did he announce that he was decertifying Iranian compliance with the nuclear deal, setting the conditions for the renewal of congressional sanctions on Iran and opening the floodgates of congressional sanctions on Iran in retaliation for the full spectrum of its aggressive and illicit acts against the US, its interests and allies.
The obvious question arises: Why frame an innocent man who is situated in the rear by killing the president with shots fired from the front?
Police said the gunman fired from the Mandalay Bay hotel, several hundred feet southwest of the concert grounds.
Then twitter started showing up with feeds suggesting multiple hotels being attacked, bomb threats, and more.
One of the Indonesian illegal aliens benefiting from her little amnesty took the hint and used the opportunity that Saris created to flee from arrest and deportation, absconding to a sanctuary church to hide from arrest.
However, it is now being reported that an FBI informant that was involved in the Uranium One deal, has told congressional committees that Moscow paid lobbyists to influence then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton by helping former President Bill Clinton’s charities during the Obama administration.
Members of the Pope's own Commission for the Protection of Minors, set up in 2014 as part of efforts to counter sex abuse by clergy, have told the Associated Press they hand-delivered the letter to Francis's top adviser on sex abuse, Cardinal Sean O'Malley, in April 2015.
So I am asking you to support my campaign and other “grassroots deplorables” that are running for office all over the nation.
Officials also believe he had help because of the amount of guns in his hotel room, and because some of the ammo was bought under someone else’s name.”
Well, that’s a good name.
On the contrary, the Iranians correctly viewed him as weak, indecisive and ineffectual.
In so acting, he is very much in the mold of Honorius I, who was posthumously anathematized by an ecumenical council (the Third Council of Constantinople) and by his own successor (Leo II) for aiding and abetting the spread of the Monothelite heresy (no human but only a divine will in Christ).
Haig does not blame himself, but within weeks of the massacre, he still decided to shut down his business.
[4] Though she never blamed the pope, Marie Collins complained that Vatican officialdom had simply not implemented the Commission’s recommendations.
“I promised and made arrangements to give the picture to Leonard Farrakhan,” the minister’s son-in-law and chief of staff.
Efrat has claimed that, "Zionism does not only dispossess Palestinians, but it also dispossesses in a very sophisticated way, non-white Jews.
The authority comes from God.
Due to San Francisco's policy of limiting cooperation with federal immigration authorities — which some refer to as a "sanctuary" policy — the city did not inform ICE when they released Garcia Zarate.
ODNI spokeswoman Kellie Wade also said that the agency was “working expeditiously with our interagency partners to conduct a declassification review of the documents the President has identified for declassification.”
Did Saint Francis predict the coming of Pope Francis?
It is relative to the good, but not to the evil.
Traditionalists are often derided by neo-Catholic commentators for relying on supposedly apocryphal quotations from Popes or saints bearing on the current ecclesial crisis.
The entire U.S. anti-communist crusade, including Vietnam, which more than 58,000 U.S. soldiers died killing communists.
Malagasy people have also been told not to carry out their traditional burial tradition of Famidihana which involves digging up their dead relatives every seven years.
The first American citizen to be convicted of successfully joining the Islamic State has been sentenced to 20 years in prison.
“In that most difficult period of my life, it was the women of the Nation of Islam who supported me and I have always held them close to my heart for that reason,” she said.
The confusion began Monday when police said that the gunman fired at the hotel security guard, Jesus Campos, six minutes before the mass shooting began, not during the massacre as they had said.
We do not know.
And my recollection is that I informed Mr. McCone that we could find no evidence that Oswald had any connection with the CIA.
Recently, a video clip of anti-Semitic pastor Steve Anderson – making the claim that Jews have experienced such abuse because they have somehow been cursed – wound up on the personal Facebook page of South Florida Muslim leader Sofian Zakkout.
But ICE has faced criticism of its own over not seeking a judicial warrant to legally obtain custody of Garcia Zarate when it discovered he had been transferred into San Francisco's custody.
In this inexorable progress, determined by history, some people are going to have to die.
Bans devices, such as bump stocks, that modify a semi-automatic weapon to fully automatic
He had tweeted, "EU no longer considers #Hamas a terrorist group.
What is this for you?
Of course not.
This U.S. plan to create a BSF inside Syria, Damascus declared , "represents a blatant attack on the sovereignty and territorial integrity and unity of Syria, and a flagrant violation of international law."
"We learned a lot about each other and our countries," Trump said.
In February 2016, Zakkout circulated on social media a report claiming that “the Holocaust was faked.” It begins: “The alleged ‘Holocaust’ of ‘6 million Jews’ at the hands of Adolf Hitler and National Socialist Germany during WWII is the biggest lie ever foisted upon humanity.” It was produced by The Realist Report, an anti-Jew, anti-black, anti-gay independent media outlet, which describes Hitler as “the greatest leader in modern Western history.”
It is writings such as these that have gotten Shafayat Mohamed thrown off a number of Broward County boards.
The fears that the “black death” would spread from Madagascar have now taken hold.
There are three images in total, each focusing on a different distant object.
And experts continue to fear the healthcare system is on the brink of being overwhelmed.
And Speier was the one that revealed the fact that 15 million dollars have been paid out to victims of sexual harassment in the House in recent years.
The Kennedy Autopsy Jacob Hornberger Check Amazon for Pricing.
The UN panel claims not to have any evidence of ‘external missile specialists’ working alongside the Houthi; indeed, the simplicity of the Burkhan 2-H modification concept is such that anyone already familiar with the SCUD-B missile system would be able to implement the required processes without outside assistance.” [emphasis added]
He added, “In this case, I conducted the preliminary investigation and we didn’t find anything.”
…Chris Bryant, a senior Labour backbencher, has written to May urging her to go further, and issue an official ban on Donald Trump from entering the UK on the grounds he is condoning fascism and his presence is “not conducive to the public good”, a senior Labour MP has said.
Where the Gospel proclaims the good news of Jesus’ death and resurrection for the salvation of all, and the fulfillment of the Covenant initiated with the Hebrews, Allah has nothing to offer but war and murder of the “infidels” in exchange for his paradise: “They fight on the way of Allah, they kill and are killed.” (Quran 9:11) We do not confuse Islam with Muslims, but if for you “dialogue” means the voice of peace, for Islam it’s only another way to make war.
It was the first time I had ever seen Catholic eucharistic doctrine clearly and – most importantly – unapologetically stated.
“First, we need to treat all people with the respect and pastoral concern they deserve as children of God with inherent dignity.
The indictment corroborates a November report by The Hill that an FBI mole deeply embedded in the Russian uranium industry had gathered extensive evidence of the scheme.
It has asked Trump to continue keeping at least some of them secret notwithstanding the passage of more than 50 years since the Kennedy assassination.
How are you confronting this issue and how does Your Holiness intend to confront the whole question of the gay lobby?”
I say that it is licit to resist by not doing what he orders and by preventing his will from being executed…
Official figures reveal at least 2,034 people have been infected with the “medieval disease” so far in what has been described as the “worst outbreak in 50 years.” The black death outbreak has so far claimed at least 165 lives.
Unsurprisingly, this progressive interpretation of Catholic doctrine eventually reveals itself to be rank historicism.
Time for US to do same."
That money has come from the taxpayers of course.
As recently as seventeen years ago, during the reign of John Paul II, the Pontifical Council for the Interpretation of Legislative texts reaffirmed the immutable truth reflected in Canon 915, which prohibits the administration of Holy Communion to those “who obstinately persist in manifest grave sin.” That prohibition, declared the Pontifical Council, applies to the divorced and “remarried” not as a matter of mere disciplinary law subject to revocation or modification, but rather “is derived from divine law and transcends the domain of positive ecclesiastical laws; [and] the latter cannot introduce legislative changes which would oppose the doctrine of the Church.”
And Fastiggi and Goldstein are busily helping it along, changing red signals to green.
Perhaps his biggest error with Barros was failing to understand just how little of that capital of trust there is left in the Catholic world as a whole.
Even though I personally was in attendance back in 1976 when Archbishop Lefebvre delivered this address in Minneapolis, I was only ten years old and of course didn't realize how prophetic he was on that occasion, or how devastated by the Second Vatican Council, the New Mass, and the Freemasonic infiltration of the Vatican.
This is the atmosphere that Jewish students and supporters of Israel must endure on a daily basis at McGill.
© EPA Pope Francis's trip to Chile and Peru was overshadowed by he row
For more than 50 years, the CIA has known why it has wanted those particular records to be kept secret.
It is similar to the Ebola virus and can be fatal in up to 88% of cases.
Orban says there is not only Muslim invaders in the mix of "refugees," but also “economic migrants" seeking better lives for themselves.
Americans still have no idea what happened in Las Vegas in October.
How often have you ever heard of a U.S. Marine communist?
Only six states in the U.S. have laws requiring that ammunition buyers pass a background check.
Among other things, he suggested expanding the inspection regime against Iran’s nuclear installations and canceling the so-called “sunset” clause that places an end date on the restrictions governing certain components of Iran’s nuclear advancement.
“Is there a mini ice age coming?
And that is exactly the nonsense Fastiggi and Goldstein expect us to swallow: “Pope Francis is not talking about an offering of an objectively sinful action but a gift of self that moves toward God and the objective moral norm.”
He is accused of having covered up sexual abuse, including destroying evidence, committed by Karadima in the ‘80s and ‘90s.
In short, the FBI had ample evidence of the Russian bribery plot before the Obama administration approved the Uranium One deal thanks to their embedded mole in the Russian nuclear industry.
[1] Archbishop Benelli, who had the title of “Substitute” (meaning the Assistant to the Secretary of State) of the Vatican Secretariat of State, later created Cardinal and appointed Archbishop of Florence in 1977.
Not surprisingly, the CIA’s Mexico City operations regarding Oswald are among the 98 percent of the records that Trump and the CIA have chosen to continue keeping secret from the American people, on grounds of “national security” of course.
If they fail, the possibility Trump created will be lost, perhaps irrevocably.
It is the first school of our Faith for all people.
You see, the mainstream media starts with the assumption that the CIA had nothing to do with the assassination.
Which is why his accusation of calumny against those same victims the next day came as such a shock to observers unused to Bergoglio’s ability to turn on a dime.
The American Jewish Historical Society Hosts Destroy Israel Event
The latest outrage perpetrated by BDS activists occurred at McGill University, where a Jewish student and two non-Jewish students identified as pro-Israel were removed from their positions as directors of the Students Society of McGill University (SSMU).
(Reporting by Nick Brown; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
Orban's words are reminiscent of those of US President Donald Trump, who spoke about putting "America First."
“The panel has not seen sufficient evidence to confirm any direct large-scale supply of arms from the Government of the Islamic Republic of Iran, although there are indicators that anti-tank guided weapons being supplied to the Houthi or Saleh forces are of Iranian manufacture.” [emphasis added]
[4][5] He has worked as a commentator for National Public Radio and a columnist for Washington Informer.
Which, it must be said, only proves Fr.
The emeritus archbishop of Santiago subsequently apologized for having refused to believe the victims from the start.
This, though, is no longer an issue because the normative text is the Latin text published in thr AAS.
"It's embarrassing for this so-called land of democracy and freedom of speech," he said.
He tried selling the American people on the naïve notion that there were moderate elements of import in the Iranian government, ignoring the obvious fact that all authority in Iran is vested with the Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Khamenei, and his IRGC henchmen.
But they aren't sure how long they can expect the mission to last once the lander and rover arrive—it could be over in as little as two weeks, ending as soon as the sun sets, since the mission runs on solar power and the polar area is quite shadowy even during the day.
For me at least it was the key that opened the Door to Narnia.
If someone is gay and is searching for the Lord and has good will, then who am I to judge him?
Jesus Campos, who the narrative is constantly changing around, is still a source of mystery.
Three of the videos were put out by Duke’s official website, DavidDuke.com, one referring to CNN news anchor Wolf Blitzer as a “Jewish Zionist Agent.” The fourth video was a news report featuring a clip of Duke being interviewed at a white nationalist rally held in Charlottesville, Virginia this past August.
As Francis would have it, then, the “authentic Magisterium” has just flatly contradicted itself for the first time in two millennia:
Rabbi Reuben Poupko, the co-chair for Quebec of the Centre for Israel and Jewish Affairs, said it should be noted McGill in general is a safe space for Jewish students.
May’s government admitted two jihad preachers who had praised the murderer of a foe of Pakistan’s blasphemy laws.
The Steinle family and relatives of murder victims have new cause for outrage, but this gambit is consistent with Gonzalez and the San Francisco show-trial in which he co-starred.
The Best of Jacob G. Hornberger
During the 10 or so years that the cases involving Indonesian Christians were free to remain in the United States, those illegal aliens did not make any effort to appeal their outstanding orders.
Haig says he saw nothing suspicious
A Chilean judge also found the victims to be credible, saying that while she had to drop criminal charges against Karadima because too much time had passed, proof of his crimes wasn’t lacking.
US bloggers banned from entering UK
“As to the photo, it was clearly intended to be funny but wasn’t.
According to the indictment, beginning at least as early as 2009 and continuing until October 2014, Lambert conspired with others at “Transportation Corporation A” to make corrupt and fraudulent bribery and kickback payments to offshore bank accounts associated with shell companies, at the direction of, and for the benefit of, a Russian official, Vadim Mikerin, in order to secure improper business advantages and obtain and retain business with TENEX.
"I've seen all kinds of people.
Last week, less than 60 people had died and around 600 had been infected.
In a central fact of the case, Zarate did not aim the gun at himself but fired in the direction of Kate Steinle.
“I can tell you 100% this is not that kind of guy,” said Rick, adding that he would see Paddock every other day and that the two would go to a local bar and play slot machines.
I treasure my faith, it's what sustains me, but it is slipping away from me."
Did she disingenuously omit that inconvenient bit from her remarks, or fail to read the entire UN report?
What about the English locution “while yet not fully the objective ideal,” which seems to reduce the negative precepts of the natural law to mere ideals?
After speaking to hotel and law enforcement officials, Campos was scheduled to appear on local Las Vegas television for an interview but went missing just moments before he was supposed to be on the air.
And the change in the liturgy is very important.
But the third was a friend of someone and another cardinal, of the circle currently in power, has flung himself at his colleague, accusing him of impropriety.’ The meeting ended without further decisions.”
Trump insisted during a news conference the agreement went further than many people expected.
Palermo, who has done various interviews since the attack, appeared on “The Blast” with a series of shocking comments that correlate with various other reports indicating that multiple shooters carried out the attack and that the FBI is actively covering this up.
The disease tends to make a comeback each hot rainy season, from September to April.
The island’s electrical grid was all but completely destroyed during Hurricane Maria, and many are still struggling without the most basic of necessities.
We would have a few isolated cases but it shouldn’t spread like it has in Madagascar.” But he had more to add.
Haig says he sold Paddock 720 rounds of ammunition from Haig's home gun business.
• Haig first met Paddock at a subsequent Phoenix gun show, where he was selling ammunition.
“The only charge against this bishop has been discredited by the Court of Justice, so please do not lose your serenity, you suffer, but because you are foolish...I am the first to judge and punish those accused of similar crimes, but in this case there is not even a proof.”
His standard one: “No evidence.”
Here in futuristic Singapore, however, Kim was able to view the benefits of economic advancement at close range.
Now, scientists know that ice is likely concentrated at the poles, where it could become an important resource for human and robotic explorers alike.
He was previously deported.
Six of the 22 arrested during this operation were criminal aliens who were released back into their communities after local law enforcement failed to honor an immigration detainer placed on the individuals by ICE.
Paddock had already shot the security guard, waited six minutes before opening fire on the concert crowd, and then shot for a full ten minutes.
• His Excellency Luigi Negri, Archbishop emeritus of Ferrara-Comacchio, Italy
Finally, in June 2016, SSMU’s Judicial Board ruled that the BDS campaign and efforts to institute it at McGill ran counter to the McGill’s undergraduate student union constitution.
“The 19s are closed, we are in the process of trying to round them up, they are on the airport property.”
“For the purpose of objectivity and getting all of the facts regarding these allegations, we have decided to forward the information in the investigation to local authorities in order to let them review the contents and determine whether further investigation is warranted,” Martin said.
If he crosses, he joins Bush II in the history books.
Iranian material breaches of the JCPOA were all but ignored while Iran’s ballistic missile program was allowed to proceed at full speed despite being in defiance of United Nations Security Council resolution 2231.
Do the FBI and law enforcement think people won’t talk about it or speculate as to what happened?
Our hopes and prayers are with them as the foremost instruments of divine providence in the ecclesia Dei adflicta.
According to the DOJ: According to the indictment, beginning at least as early as 2009 and continuing until October 2014, Lambert conspired with others at “Transportation Corporation A” to make corrupt and fraudulent bribery and kickback payments to offshore bank accounts associated with shell companies, at the direction of, and for the benefit of, a Russian official, Vadim Mikerin, in order to secure improper business advantages and obtain and retain business with TENEX.
Timeline of sales
GERMANY, February 8, 2018 (LifeSiteNews) – Cardinal Paul Josef Cordes criticized fellow German Cardinal Reinhard Marx’s suggestion that Catholic priests should consider “blessing” same-sex relationships liturgically.
Many people are confused.
Inzoli was found guilty in 2012 by an ecclesiastical court of abusing boys as young as twelve and suspended.
Think about Martin Luther King, John Walker Lindh, Edward Snowden, the U.S. Communist Party, or the Fair Play for Cuba Committee.
“As with any disease, it’s a real worry that it mutates and become untreatable,” Hunter said.
This blatant hypocrisy shows the political bankruptcy of their leadership’s claims to be pro-gay and anti-bigotry and reveals their intention to pander to those in the Muslim community who spew intolerance and would wish others harm.
Like the Dubia cardinals, he said he made it public only after the pope had ignored it for months.
The sheriff, who had been straightforward and stern, was now emotional and at times combative.
And the gang violence keeps rising.
The driver of the car was from Guatemala, a juvenile who had been approved by the Obama administration for a DACA permit in 2016.
Soon after the Warren Commission was established, Warren called a super-secret meeting of the commission to address information that had come into Warren’s possession.
In this one case at least, a work of his was the exact right thing at the exact right time.
“New Horizons has long been a mission of firsts — first to explore Pluto, first to explore the Kuiper Belt, fastest spacecraft ever launched,” New Horizons Principal Investigator Alan Stern, of the Southwest Research Institute in Boulder, Colorado, notes in a statement.
“My experience with it has been very positive.
But the revised timeline shows officers would have known where Paddock was before the mass shooting even started.
Iran and Turkey had warned against an independent Kurdistan that could be a magnet for Kurdish minorities in their own countries.
Among the measures taken by SSMU after the October vote was the creation of a committee looking into the issue of anti-Semitism within the student government, which Lew sits on.
CARTER: I believe that is true.
Benelli, “No, I will not sign that writing.”
Presidents who shy away from anything that’s not a sure thing can fail to exploit opportunities.
Tillerson meant Iran's Quds Force in Iraq should go home, and the Shiite militia in Iraq should be conscripted into the army.
On their Argentina page is a long list of accusations that Bergoglio/Francis simply isn’t interested in hearing from victims.
And I thank you, Mr. Matt, very much, for his invitation, and I thank you for your coming, and I thank Fr.
An expansion into Malmö could be a recipe for increased violence in light of the fact that gun violence claimed the lives of 11 people in the southern Swedish city last year.
America's Immigration Voice.
How far did the letter get?
Yet, from the very beginning, the mainstream media has never given any serious consideration to the possibility that Oswald was framed for the crime.
In contrast, Steinle's family has expressed nuanced views on immigration and "sanctuary" policies.
[U.S. Judge Frees Indonesian Immigrant Held By Trump Order, by Nate Raymond, Reuters, November 1, 2017]
Fostering “chronic confusion.”
But health officials are now warning the deadly bacteria could mutate and become untreatable as it spreads across the globe.
Both he and the FBI failed to provide much new information, and at the end of the meeting, they refused to take questions.
pic.twitter.com/5WnCA8mrhf — Jennifer Bendery (@jbendery) October 11, 2017
Those who devalue the doctrines of the Church [i.e., Francis!]
In December, he said that he was not concerned with what Brussels wanted, but was determined to defend Hungary's borders.
In 2009, Grassi was convicted of two counts of aggravated sexual assault and corruption in the case of “Gabriel,” who was aged 13 at the time of the abuse, but the appeals dragged on until he was finally sent to prison in September 2013.
"When we were in a room with Karadima and Juan Barros, if he [Barros] wasn't kissing Karadima, he watched as one of us, the youngest, was touched by Karadima and forced to give him kisses," he writes.
Local Police & Feds Impose INFORMATION BLACKOUT in Las Vegas Shooting
Moreover, both Robert Mueller and current deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein were directly involved – and current Attorney General Jeff Sessions and other Justice Department officials appear to be covering for them.
(CNN) Douglas Haig, an Arizona man who says he sold tracer ammunition to the gunman in October's Las Vegas massacre, was arrested Friday on a charge of conspiring to manufacture and sell another type of ammunition -- armor-piercing bullets -- in violation of federal law.
One – the easiest one maybe – chop their head off, that’s the easiest.
Except as provided in subsection (c) and pending such decision, the Attorney General—(1) may continue to detain the arrested alien
Shapira then proceeds to provide the answer that Helms gave, which, as he points out, has been public:
The false-colour images released by NASA are the farthest from Earth ever captured by a spacecraft, and are also the closest-ever images of Kuiper Belt objects.
Ninety-two percent of individuals removed from the interior of the United States had previously been convicted of a criminal offense.
No less than a Roman Pontiff lends his name to the outrageous claim that children resulting from an adulterous relationship, blithely referred to as a “new union,” could be “damaged” if the partners in adultery were required to cease their adultery in order to be absolved and receive Holy Communion—evidently because the “new union” would dissolve without adulterous sexual relations and there could be a second divorce!
Everything is slander.
He committed one of the worst sins, that is he denied Christ, and even with this sin they made him Pope.
“I will pray for you and all non-believers Lynne White.
The documents didn't explain why he was a person of interest.
Astonishingly, between the times of 10:13 p.m. and 10:16 p.m. a good amount of debris can be seen being pushed downward and sideways in front of the camera which Carlson claims is from a “helicopter hovering overhead.” A quick review of flight records during that time reveals that a squadron of EC-130 Eurocopters departed from Maverick Leasing LLC at 10:12 p.m., several of which appear to have overflown the parking lot where the victim and debris were seen.
They have been consistent over years in what they say.
An improved deal won’t destroy Iran’s centrifuges.
Keep the Faith.
By now the whole Catholic world has heard of the publication of a devastating letter to Pope Francis from Father Thomas G. Weinandy.
And democracy can have a good sense but not if [by that term is meant] that those who govern receive their authority from the people.
And, according to the latest reports, are still looking for a motive for the shooting.
But he had no evidence that the quotation as such was a fabrication.
It has no value at all.
It arrived earlier than expected this year, and has become much more contagious with it being transmitted from person to person through the air.
Follow on Twitter: Follow @PrisonPlanet
According to ABC News, the ‘mystery woman’ everyone on the internet was talking about has been identified.
“It was used to catapult a presidency along that philosophy of hate of others.
It would pin down Iranian forces by arming and otherwise assisting the Iraqi Kurds to defend and maintain their control over their territory along the Iranian border while strengthening the ties between Iranian Kurds and Iraqi Kurds.
If you need further clarification google or the SNHU Shapiro Library has that information you.
And I think that they shall be coming to Econe next October.
Over the last few days the alternative media has spent countless hours conducting their own investigations into what actually happened during the mass shooting in Las Vegas that left 59 dead and over 500 injured.
But experts now warn that because they are being used so much to treat the infection, antibiotics resistance is inevitable and making this disease much more terrifying.
Any foreign fighters in Iraq need to go home."
According to Campbell Russia provided the resources necessary for the nation’s nuclear reactors, despite promises that they were not sharing such technology with Iran.
"How many hate preachers are living in this country?
That’s why he was sent to New Orleans, where, contradictorily, he would work for a right-wing business owner, work with a right-wing former FBI agent, and conduct a public protest in favor of Fidel Castro and Cuba.
That’s where ingenuity and cunning come into play.
Of course they can't cope.
"It would not be my first option to bring in the military, but I am prepared to do whatever is necessary to make sure that serious, organized crime is stamped out," Lofven told news agency TT.
Courtney Tolliver, 26, a teacher in the district, agrees.
Meanwhile, following the departure of the Kurds from Kirkuk, Iraq earlier this week, the IRGC’s operational Al Qods arm reportedly established a command center and five bases there.
It is a mystery I cannot understand.
Amazingly, as Shepard Ambellas noted, “The man’s claims match up to actual events captured in police audio recordings from the night of the shooting which confirms that between 11:15 and 11:18 p.m. on the night of Oct. 1 there was, in fact, something going on at the Bellagio.”
That’s where Oswald’s trip to Mexico City right before the assassination comes into play.
Firearms are often used in assassination, often very ineffectively….
“We were forced by our conscience, in the conscience of the Successors of the Apostles and colleagues of the Pope.”
So where did the missiles come from, and who made them?
© AFP Karadima was only punished by the Vatican
Campos heard a drilling sound and thought it was odd.
U.S. judge frees Indonesian immigrant held by Trump order
Unfortunately, it is also likely, indeed, it is more likely, that his words will not be translated into policies to achieve these critical aims.
Note the following excerpt:
Laura Loomer, a noxious far-right personality who formerly worked for Project Veritas, also started making hay with Haig's background in Arizona aerospace.
By taking a holistic view of the Iranian threat – grounded in a recognition of the inherent hostility of the regime – Trump opened up the possibility that the US and its allies can develop a holistic policy for confronting and defeating Iran and its proxies.
But just a moment: how can objectively immoral behavior ever be characterized as an “offering” to God?
How was this victim overlooked by investigators but known by Intellihub?
They found that twenty-two percent no longer have the faith, the belief in the Real Presence.
Bonkers conspiracy site Intellihub posted an article this week that pointed to Haig's background in the aerospace industry as a sign of U.S. government involvement in the massacre.
Meanwhile, as Fastiggi and Goldstein labor to convince us that nothing is amiss with AL, Pope Bergoglio is sending clear signals of concern about the rising opposition among the faithful to his master plan to subvert the Church according to his false notion of mercy.
The mosaic starts to be filled out: They needed to get rid of Kennedy to protect national security and elevate Johnson, who had the same anti-communist mindset as the Pentagon and the CIA, to the presidency.
"I learned he's a very talented man."
However, the law is quite clear, the United States has the authority to detain illegal aliens; T itle 8 of the United States Code, Section 1226, Arrest And Detention Of Aliens , gives such authority to the Executive Branch.And despite her realization that she has no authority over immigration policy, or that she will just be overruled, Saris again reaches, basing her assumption of authority over immigration based on the past Obama Regime Administrative Amnesty , when illegal aliens weren't deported.Kritarch Saris is in the wrong on both counts; she has neither authority over the detention of illegal aliens nor any authority to continue the Obama Regime Administrative Amnesty.
It also tells us how irrelevant history makes them.
the professor responded: Thank you for this web-address
I was going to be among a group of freedom-fighters – a true rainbow coalition of human rights activists from all over the world (a Hindu princess had been set to join us) – to honor the memory of Lee Rigby, the British soldier who had been murdered on a London street in broad daylight by an Islamic jihadist on May 22, 2013.
It was backed up by tangible action.
The current Labour mayor, John Biggs, complained that President Trump “doesn’t applaud diversity [and] doesn’t respect the culture of others and doesn’t respect women”.
And that could have widespread implications.
Sandro Magister recently published a piece on his website that listed in dizzying detail the many times, in only the last few months, that pope Francis has falsified with obvious intention, the words of Christ in Scripture and the teaching of the Church.
God is a big deal in Mercer County, home to about 125 churches that dominate the main streets of its biggest towns, Princeton (population 6,400) and Bluefield (10,400), and smaller burgs such as Athens (1,000), Bramwell (360) and Oakvale (120).
“So, they are not running for their lives [in these countries].
They did not come, they did not show themselves, they did not give evidence in court.
It seems Fastiggi and Goldstein are hoping no one will notice that their linguistic tinkering produces no real change in meaning but only an intensification of its perniciousness.
David Duke’s bigoted and inciting material is not the only hate Zakkout promotes.
Marie Collins, by no stretch even a “conservative” Catholic, echoed this concern, saying the Barros affair has “definitely undermined credibility, trust, and hope” in Francis.
The footage goes how to show two men attempt to help a victim who had apparently been shot, eventually resorting to covering up the body after they realized it was simply too late.
Most of the aliens targeted by ERO deportation officers during this operation had prior criminal histories that included convictions for the following crimes: sexual assault, kidnapping, assault, assault with a weapon, drug possession, theft, obstruction of justice and driving under the influence (DUI); two were known fugitive immigration violators, and six were arrested for illegally re-entering the United States after having been deported, which is a felony.
He remains in ICE custody pending presentation of criminal prosecution for re-entry after deportation.
A Modernist apostate priest, one Emile Poulet, who left the priesthood and married, attempted to cast doubt on the credibility of Msgr.
Previously Dan Fishback had authored an article arguing for boycotting some Israeli plays.
Paul Manafort Secretly Met With Julian Assange Shortly Before Joining Trump's Presidential Campaign: Report
He was apparently referring to Turkey, Greece, Macedonia and Serbia – a common route for migrants heading for ‘wealthy’ Europe.
When the search warrant documents were released this week, Clark County District Court Judge Elissa Cadish allowed a small portion of those records to be redacted because "there is an ongoing investigation regarding charges against another individual, arising out of information obtained in connection with the ... shooting, but not directly related to the shooting."
Indeed, given the rise of radical forces in their party it is likely that they would rather give Iran a free pass for its anti-American aggression and nuclear proliferation than work with Republicans on Capitol Hill and in the White House.
The article points out that while Karadima was convicted by a Vatican tribunal on the testimony of the victims, it is the same testimony of the same victim-witnesses that Francis now dismisses in the accusations against Barros.
Even SSMU president, Muna Tojiboeva, voiced support for Lew and expressed the belief that antisemitism played a key role in the ousting the three board members.
…it is not allowable to emphasize what is called the “communal” Mass to the disparagement of Masses celebrated in private, or to exaggerate the element of sacramental sign as if the symbolism, which all certainly admit in the Eucharist, expresses fully and exhausts completely the mode of Christ’s presence in this sacrament.
I provided a resource in the first email that clarifies that for you.
Not so fast, the police and hotel still have disagreement over important details, such as when police arrived relative to Paddock’s shooting at the crowd: An enormous, important discrepancy has emerged over what happened during the Las Vegas massacre: When did police arrive on the 32nd floor where Stephen Paddock was firing his deadly fusillade onto concertgoers below?
This is the response.”
What appears to be muzzle flashes emitting from multiple aircraft can be seen on numerous videos captured on the night of the massacre.
The Iraqi branch of Iran’s terrorist proxy Hezbollah has vowed that once ISIS is defeated it will start killing Americans, as it has done before.
"Many people in the world will think of this as a (inaudible) form of fantasy ... from a science fiction movie," his translator was overheard saying as the two leaders walked down a white-columned colonnade.
We can say that [these bad changes are] not in the text of the Declaration, but this man has the authority to say that this is from the Council.
He began his speech by attacking President Barack Obama for supporting same-sex marriage.
But now the new liturgy is more democratic - all around the table.
Cardinal Parolin's rescript on the papal and episcopal documents reads as follows:
Kritarch Patti Saris is in the news again.
I know him very well.
While we may never know the exact circumstances surrounding what transpired in the shooter’s hotel room, the information being released not just by law enforcement, but witnesses to the event who recorded hundreds of cumulative hours of video and audio, now calls the entirety official story into question.
Towards the end of the clip, which is less than four minutes in length, Anderson throws the anti-Semitism in people’s faces.
(Archbishop) Benelli[1] said to me months ago on the 19th of March, “you are out of communion with the Church.” I am out of communion with the Church because I continue the Tradition of the Church?
separate themselves from Jesus, the author of truth… What they [i.e., Francis] then possess, and can only possess, is an ideology – one that conforms to the world of sin and death.
It would target the regime itself by empowering the ayatollahs’ domestic opponents.
No example is provided in AL because none can be.
But there was no mentioning the previous US aim of "complete, verifiable and irreversible denuclearization."
And if Kavanaugh is really an outlier on that issue, then he won't be in the majority on any future decision anyway.
Haynes argues that people of faith are doing their religion a disservice when they try to have it taught by a government entity.
“At the Last Supper, on the night He was handed over, Our Lord instituted the Eucharistic Sacrifice of His Body and Blood, to perpetuate the sacrifice of the cross throughout the ages until He should come, and thus entrust to the Church, His beloved spouse, the memorial of His death and resurrection: a sacrament of devotion, a sign of unity, a bond of charity, a paschal banquet in which Christ is received, the soul is filled with grace and there is given to us the pledge of future glory.”
Madagascar Hospitals On High Alert: ‘No One Is Safe’ From The Black Plague
He praised the rapid response from WHO and Madagascar authorities that helped bring the outbreak under control, but warned that the danger was not over.
After the assassination of Malcolm X in 1965, he became one of the most powerful members of the Nation and its chief spokesman, the position that Malcolm X had held.
On March 3, she said on Twitter that someone had brought to her attention that she had yet to tweet “my absolute position on how wrong anti-Semitism is.” A day later, she said that she was “committed to ending anti-black racism, anti-Semitism, homophobia & transphobia,” but did not mention Mr. Farrakhan.
Confront Assad and Iran now, or fight them later.
Her daughter attended elementary school in nearby Bluefield, but Deal kept her out of the Bible class.
When serious charges of sexual misconduct were raised against Kavanaugh, Trump decided to stick with him instead of moving on to another candidate.
New Audio From The Night Of The Las Vegas Massacre Reveals That There Was “Another Active Shooter” In The Bar At The Top Of The Mandalay Bay Hotel During The Attack
Their reluctance to condemn Mr. Farrakhan has led to criticism from across the ideological spectrum this week.
But in Friday's criminal complaint, investigators say Haig and an associate also claimed they sold to Paddock other ammunition -- four or five 10-round packages of .308-caliber incendiary ammunition -- at a Las Vegas gun show in August.
It is certainly clear that no one sees the pope unless Cardinal Parolin approves, which may be the reason Cardinal Zen, in his efforts to warn Francis of the dangers of a Vatican deal with the communist Chinese government had to wait in the rain at a Wednesday general audience.
The Trump campaign announced Manafort’s hire on March 29, 2016, and he served as the convention manager tasked with lining up delegates for the Republican National Convention.
A quick examination of Muller’s interviews and statements reveal an irresolute and ultimately calculating mind of a man who is – so I am told by sources close to him – motivated mainly by a puerile desire to be approved of by the “cool kids” in the Vatican, on the one hand, and an unshakeable conviction of his own theological brilliance on the other.
Perhaps you can say, “How is it possible that the pope gives the authorization to this change?
The economy in Puerto Rico is at a standstill, and without clean drinking water, many are finding life too difficult should they remain on the island and isolated.
The Feb. 25 speech, which was given at an event for Saviour’s Day, a religious gathering of the Nation, ran for almost three hours.
There are bound to be lots of CIA memoranda detailing why it was imperative to keep these particular records secret for as long as possible.
Sheriff has said feds were investigating someone
The distinction between the illegal aliens who benefited from Obama's illegal amnesty and other illegals has always been a matter of rhetoric, not substance.
However, he said any Jewish students thinking of being involved in student politics or activism “will have encounters that are profoundly disturbing and unpleasant.”
“The government broke a promise,” Saris said.
Farrakhan In His Own Words (PDF).
Not so, Fastiggi and Goldstein contend.
I say, well done Mr. Orban.
Sofian Zakkout.” The next month, Zakkout declared in Arabic, "Hamas is in my heart and on my head."
The solar system’s strange cigar-shaped visitor 'Oumuamua—Hawaiian for “scout” or “messenger”—is tumbling chaotically as the result of a violent collision.
"At some point or another it's been in a collision," Queen's University, Belfast, research fellow and lecturer Wes Fraser told the BBC.
• Cardinal Janis Pujats, Emeritus Archbishop Metropolitan of Riga, Latvia
Professor Paul Hunter has warned that, while it would be rather easy for an advanced country to contain the disease in its current form, he fears that it could evolve into something far more dangerous.
His latest ruling Tuesday evening goes further, certifying some of the Iraqis as a class-action lawsuit and saying most of them should be “allowed to return to their productive lives” while they wait for new hearings — meaning they must be released from detention unless the government can prove they are a major risk to public safety.
Muhammad said he thought the photograph would be “damaging politically” if it were released and was afraid that someone might “break into his apartment” looking for it, like “that Watergate crap.” He said he “felt a little bit more at ease” after Farrakhan in 2016 claimed that Obama visited his home in Chicago.
At the same time, Deputy Attorney General Nicholas Katzenbach and FBI Head J. Edgar Hoover both write secret memos and reports saying any further investigation must stop immediately.
But the program’s fate will not be resolved by popular vote or on Facebook posts.
Update 1: AP reports that U.S. immigration officials say they will deport the Mexican man found not guilty of murder in San Francisco pier shooting.
Haig sold Paddock ammunition the month before the October attack that killed 58 people dead and wounded hundreds of others.
The document he and Kim signed said the North Korean leader "reaffirmed his firm and unwavering commitment to complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula."
In conversation with LifeSiteNews, Schneider said greater public support of the document from the world’s 5,000 bishops would be “a stronger voice for professing the constant truths of the Church, and it would be a beautiful common voice defending the sanctity and the indissolubility of marriage in the midst of a real neo-pagan society where divorce has become a plague and where sexual depravity is increasingly spreading.”
At the conclusion of the summit, Trump hailed the talks as a historic, and personal, achievement.
Yesterday, 84% of people in Puerto Rico had no power (per govt stats on status.pr).
We cannot obey.
our client is very, very flexible in terms of making sure that the content is in compliance with the law.”
But a report by the Swedish National Council for Crime Prevention shows increasing numbers of Swedes worried about crime with confidence falling in the police and the judicial system.
Victims said that a letter written to Church authorities complaining of Karadima’s abuse in 1982 was intercepted and destroyed by Barros, who was serving at the time as secretary to Cardinal Francisco Fresno, Errázuriz’s successor and collaborator.
"But that's not part of the equation right now.
I considered it an apostolic mandate.”
Otherwise, I will let all your cherished long-secret records relating to the JFK assassination be shown to the American people.”
I was in Melbourne, Australia, during the 40th International Eucharistic Congress.
And at a later date, he assured us that that had been done.” Juan Carlos Cruz, the Karadima victim whose membership on the Commission the Vatican had blocked, told AP, “Cardinal O’Malley called me after the pope’s visit here in Philadelphia and he told me, among other things, that he had given the letter to the pope – in his hands.”
Immediately after the encounter, Dennis Rodman -- one of the only Americans to have met Kim -- was openly weeping while being interviewed by CNN's Chris Cuomo.
Student says anti-Semitism still an issue in McGill student government
On Monday of this week, I predicted that Trump would make a deal with the CIA that would enable the CIA to continue its cover-up of the JFK assassination.
Time for Congress to end this by prohibiting review of immigration and deportation decisions.
Should this happen, the Mystical Body would then be without its head.
Why Louis Farrakhan Is Back in the News
Soon after the photos were leaked, Twitter was abuzz with chatter referencing the paper, with people spreading cover-up conspiracies and rumors that it was a suicide note.
Online Sociology Course Founders Over Whether Australia is a Country
Immediately, he said, he would be going.
We hear again, as we did incessantly from the Kasperians at the Synods, about the hard case of the poor, poor woman who has been abandoned by the first husband, and who “finds no other way out than to entrust oneself to a kind-hearted person,” … with whom, I guess, she has also no choice but to have sexual relations.
Some of the criticism has been unusually sharp.
“UK ambassador conveys concerns over Trump retweet to White House,” by Rowena Mason, Guardian, November 30, 2017:
There are no other interpretations."
Then, once a day.
The flashes which are not consistent with FAA required running lights in any way can be seen starting at 0:19 seconds into the video.
The book is “The Meaning of THE HOLY QUR’AN,” a version of the Quran that was banned by the Los Angeles public school system, in February 2002, for containing numerous anti-Semitic commentaries.
Mr Spencer put up a copy of what appears to be the exclusion decision from the Home Office on the Jihad Watch website, while Ms Geller posted a copy of her letter on her website, Atlas Shrugs.
They want the system fixed and the perpetrators held accountable.”
“My god will wipe this country (America) from the face of the earth.”
While on the 32nd floor, he found that a stairwell door was jammed and radioed down to maintenance.
The manual also makes it clear that the CIA was studying ways to assassinate people without being detected.
"As I mentioned above I will look over your week two paper once again and see if you earned more credits than I gave you."
The AJHS Academic Council is packed with anti-Israel activists.
Weinandy gave a remarkable story of how his prayer for a “sign” that he ought to write the letter was very specifically answered: “If you want me to write something, you have to give me a clear sign,” Weinandy recalls saying.
They are anxious.
Haig was publicly linked to the Las Vegas investigation Tuesday when a judge unsealed months-old police search warrant records that named him as a person of interest
Thus, it is threatening U.S. forces and bases in the region.
As Shepard Ambellas reported for Intellihub, “The [footage] is presumed to have been captured by a nearby business’s southward facing security camera which is located approximately 780 feet due east of the venue where the Route 91 Harvest Music Festival was held on Oct. 1.
• His Excellency Elmar Fischer, Bishop emeritus of Feldkirch, Austria.
And yet Honorius I is listed in the canon of the Popes and is not considered to have fallen from office on account of heresy.
Cardinal Ruffini had to intervene as we were in front of two cardinals, our brothers.
In what can only be described as gross negligence or a massive cover-up of the truth, the F.B.I.
It came to light in 1997 as a result of a Freedom of Information request.
A government spokesman said individuals whose presence "is not conducive to the public good" could be excluded by the home secretary.
“When something is coming up and down or at least from a different angle they are either going to hit the ground or… alot of different things are going to happen.
Let’s proceed from the opposite assumption: That the CIA, in partnership with the military and the Mafia, orchestrated the assassination by framing a former U.S. Marine who was then working for U.S. intelligence, either Navy intelligence, the CIA, or the FBI, or a combination of all three.
"I am terrified for the Jewish people.
The next photo shows where the unnamed victim was located.
The bacteria will eventually end up causing the often fatal plague.
No, he is pleased that his son gives symptoms of improvement and healing.”
“The countries of the Visegrád Group do not support the introduction of any kind of mandatory quota.”
“It would not be my first option to bring in the military, but I am prepared to do whatever is necessary to make sure that serious, organized crime is stamped out,” Lofven told news agency TT.
All too often, all you need is some statistics software (or its online equivalent), a politically correct premise and absolute ignorance.
Coming up in late October is “The Balfour Declaration: Support for a Jewish Homeland or Jewish State?” The two speakers are Robert Herbst, the coordinator of the Westchester chapter of JVP, and Jonathan Kuttab, who advocates a one-state solution for eliminating Israel.
Now that President Trump is trying to clean up the mess Obama and Kerry left him, Kerry has the gall to label President Trump’s decision a "reckless abandonment of facts in favor of ego and ideology" and to accuse the Trump administration of “lying to the American people.” It was the Obama administration that recklessly abandoned the facts in pressing ahead with the deal.
She also pointed to what she called the Iranian regime’s “most threatening act” – its launch of ballistic missiles capable of carrying nuclear weapons.
They are not learning theology, not philosophy, not anything.
Her daughter was told to sit in the computer lab for that half-hour and read a book.
Failure to do so exposes the party’s liberal agenda as a sham.
We need the Sacrifice of the Mass – not a meal only – but the Sacrifice.
At the time, Rosatom was seeking the approval to purchase the Canadian mining company Uranium One.
Sweden’s murder rate is relatively low in international terms, but gang violence has surged in recent years and Swedes are worried that the police are unable to cope.
A U.S. judge on Wednesday ordered the release of an illegal immigrant who is among 47 Indonesians in New Hampshire challenging the Trump administration’s order to deport them.
Jesus Christ is God.
• Archbishop Carlo Maria Viganò of Italy and former apostolic nuncio to the United States
And from this investigation, there was nothing of what had been alleged.
He mentions the Holy Father's letter to the Buenos Aires bishops, but he fails to take into account that the statement of those Argentine bishops can be interpreted in an orthodox way, as Cardinal Müller told Edward Pentin in a Sept. 28 interview published in the National Catholic Register.
An employee refused to accept the letter after learning of its topic and threatened to call security if Gabriel and Gallego did not leave the premises.”
During the meeting, the priest, before he celebrated the Eucharist, said, “Today we celebrate the Eucharist, but we do not believe in the Real Presence.” These two young men said “That is impossible.
In 1953, the CIA was in the process of developing a top-secret manual on assassinations, one that showed that the CIA was specializing not only in the art of assassination but also in the art of covering up its role in state-sponsored assassinations.
Governor Rick Scott will need to sign the bill, known as the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School Public Safety Act, into law.
Jimmy Whitworth, professor of International Public Health at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, told The Sun: “It has been a long time since we have seen the plague in an urban environment.
While the preliminary report indicated the Paddock died of a gun shot wound to the head through the mouth, it's all the details that aren't given that seem to be problematic for the coroner to release.
I haven’t looked it up.
The man then goes on to explain that after being shot he ran “about 200 yards” to hide behind a car, all the while hearing bullets fly past him at what he believes was ground level.
Officials still expect it to be six more months before electricity can be fully restored to Puerto Rico.
That error made it nearly impossible for you to accurately complete your week 2 research outline correctly," the professor wrote in an email obtained by BuzzFeed News.
I have seen a veritable chorus of Catholics on social media declaring that if Paul VI is canonised, their loss of faith in the Church as an institution will be complete.
Of course this would be of little interest to secular journalists, who have paid no mind to his habit of rewriting Catholicism, but the sex abuse crisis is something secular journalists are very interested in, a fact Bergoglio seems not to have understood.
“Attorney General Sessions seemed to say that the bribery, racketeering and money laundering offenses involving Tenex’s Vadim Mikerin occurred after the approval of the Uranium One deal by the Obama administration.
APCO was expected to give assistance free of charge to the Clinton Global Initiative as part of their effort to create a favorable environment to ensure the Obama administration made affirmative decisions on everything from Uranium One to the U.S.-Russia Civilian Nuclear Cooperation agreement."
Swedish police told the Danish tabloid Ekstra Bladet that the gang is trying to build a presence in both Malmö and Helsingborg.
no aircraft are visible on the radar in that airspace during that time.)
He said it was wrapped in cloth, and when Garcia Zarate unwrapped it, the gun accidentally discharged.
The session was supposed to be devoted to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, but Ambassador Haley departed from the monthly ritual during which Israel is normally singled out for criticism by other Council members.
Judging by past “investigations” conducted by other schools – SFSU, CUNY and UCI, to name a few – I am not optimistic.
If we rely on the Kurds in Syria, we lose NATO ally Turkey, which regards Syria's Kurds as collaborators of the PKK in Turkey, which even the U.S. designates a terrorist organization.
“Their overriding concern in Syria is the free reign that all the major players there seem willing to afford Iran and its various proxies in the country,” wrote Jonathan Spyer in an article for Foreign Policy.
Scores of doctors and nurses have been struck down with the disease, which is predicted to gather momentum in the coming weeks and there are growing fears hospitals will be unable to meet the illness’ burden.
If it makes it that long, NASA plans to use the spacecraft to study the outer heliosphere.
Weinandy’s intervention gives us hope that the plan to remake the Church according to the mind of Bergoglio will ultimately encounter a resistance that will bring an end to the Latin American-style dictatorship Francis has imposed upon the Church, even as he speaks of dialogue, collegiality, decentralization and parreshia (but only for those who agree with him).
They are afraid of the truth.
I’m sure President Trump is deeply disappointed in not being able to enter Tower Hamlets.
The controversy has its roots in McGill’s long-running debate over the anti-Israel Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement.
The president on Monday afternoon ordered that the documents be released by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI) and the Justice Department “[a]t the request of a number of committees of Congress, and for reasons of transparency,” according to a statement issued by White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders.
The Democratic congressman, who serves as deputy chairman of the Democratic National Committee, has denied the allegations.
“If we do nothing about the missiles fired at Saudi Arabia, we will not be able to stop the violence,” Haley warned.
Codifying the behavior of journalists struck some as an ominous encroachment into freedom of the press, and the White House Correspondents’ Association said on Monday that it had not been consulted about the new guidelines.
Members of the group and advocates say they fear they could face discrimination or violence if forced to return to the world’s largest Muslim-majority country.
Given Friday’s unsealed indictment, however it looks like the DOJ may have changed their tune on Campbell.
Iran was found to have slightly exceeded the limit on its stock of heavy water, but has remedied the problem to the IAEA’s satisfaction.
This is slander and calumny.
Would a Republican get a pass on meeting with a racist hate group leader?
Patients in Madagascar who are currently suffering from the plague have “escaped” multiple hospitals in the area over fears of needles and hospital treatment as a whole, according to a shocking report in The Sun newspaper.
Palermo makes clear this confused concert goers who had used the normal exits in the past.
I felt violated all over again.
The initial timeline was that Stephen Paddock’s shooting stopped when, approximately 6 minutes after he started, he was interrupted by a security guard from the Mandalay Bay hotel.
Ambellas and Intellihub claim that the FBI and the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department are providing cover for the real story behind the massacre, with help from Haig.
Rombot was not taken into custody based on any ICE policy of deporting all illegal aliens.
This pope has referred to the auto-demolition of the Church.
For Erdogan, the Kurdish YPG, the major U.S. ally in Syria, is an arm of the Kurdish PKK in Turkey, which we and the Turks have designated as a terrorist organization.
Hitler was a very great man."
However, such tactical measures may not be enough to thwart Iran’s larger ambitions.
It's maintained a solid boycott on reporting on the photo of Obama posing with Farrakhan.
while Robert Mueller was the Director of the FBI Campbell was required by the Russians, under threat, to launder large sums of money - which allowed the FBI to uncover a massive Russian "nuclear money laundering apparatus "
The senator has not specifically responded to that allegation.
Some of these norms, Schneider told LifeSiteNews, give “implicit approval” of divorce and of sexual activity outside a valid marriage.
All of the critics of AL are wrong—every one of them!—because, you see, the original Latin text does not say what the English text does.
CHICAGO — Federal officers with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s (ICE) Enforcement and Removal Operations (ERO) arrested 22 criminal aliens and immigration violators in Illinois’ Cook and Lake counties during a three-day enforcement action, which ended Monday.
The anti-Israel left has built networks that can blacklist, smear and silence almost anyone in an academic field.
That’s where the brilliance, ingenuity, and cunningness of the cover-up come into play.
Mr. Curtis said that today the membership could be in the thousands, and there could even be as many as 10,000 followers.
Because if this crisis continues, many people will go to hell.
Germany is one of the parties to the JCPOA.
The jab certainly wasn’t lost on Francis, since the signs were being held by protesters the full length of his auto route to Santiago from the airport.
Berman has defended the anti-Israel hate group IfNotNow, which employs JVP tactics, and condemned efforts to fight BDS.
Here are just a few of those claims.
On July 1, 2015, the criminal illegal picked up a Sig Sauer .40 caliber pistol, stolen from a Bureau of Land Management officer, and fired the shot that killed Kate Steinle, only 32 years old.
Third – throw ’em off a cliff.
They changed it.
So who is Jesus Campos?
Cardinal Burke, whom Francis sacked as head of the Church’s highest tribunal because he was a major impediment to the conspiracy culminating in Amoris Laetitia (AL), has observed the obvious in this regard:
Bibi Netanyahu knows that if war with Syria breaks out, a clamor will arise in Congress to have the U.S. rush to Israel's aid.
This is a lovely suggestion, and one that I’m not entirely unsympathetic to.
Indeed, their “proposed alternate translation” reduces the avoidance of adulterous relations in “second marriages” to the “perfect objective model.” Now, how could anyone but a Pharisee expect perfection from people living in adultery?
The party was worried that Trump might turn out not to be a conservative; to reassure them, he publicly committed to their top goal.
He'd stick out his and kiss us with his tongue.
There is a Jew behind me.
“It’s gotta be a set-up”: Neighbor of Las Vegas Shooter Claims He Didn’t Do It
The IAEA knows not to ask.
The FBI has not spoken of his itinerary or who he met with.
Three days later the same checkpoint snared another DACA recipient from Mexico smuggling an illegal immigrant from Mexico in his trunk.
The FBI on October 19 searched Haig's Mesa home and seized ammunition the agency says is armor-piercing, the complaint said.
Haig was named as a "person of interest" in the investigation by mistake Tuesday when court documents were released nearly four months after the shooting.
Also joining us now is the attorney for the FBI informant, Victoria Toensing along with John and Sara.
The victim can be seen being dragged in the following video.
“This is not just about bribery and kickbacks but about a U.S. company that was transporting yellow-cake for the Russians with our approval,” an unnamed U.S. Intelligence official told Carter, adding “This should raise serious questions.
Mr. Jackson repudiated Mr. Farrakhan, but the minister’s support proved troublesome to his 1988 campaign as well.
The Muslim photographer Askia Muhammad, who took this photo of candidate Barack Obama and vicious jihad-supporting racist Louis Farrakhan, knew this would impact the election: he said so.
Instead, Clinton started us down the primrose path of naïve diplomacy with a duplicitous regime that now is on the verge of being able to strike the U.S. mainland with nuclear warheads delivered by intercontinental ballistic missiles.
What reply did Bergoglio give?
Indeed, especially then.
Emails published in Chile in 2015 showed that Cardinal Errázuriz also blocked the appointment of Juan Carlos Cruz from the new child protection commission – a group plagued by such scandals and eventually ignored to death by Francis.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history was disturbed that he didn't spot any suspicious signs about his one-time customer, the man's lawyer said Wednesday.
Hungary PM Viktor Orban Vows to “Fight Those Who Want to Change the Christian Identity of Europe”
Lila Corwin-Berman, the chair of the AJHS Academic Council who also serves on its board of trustees, is a member of the Open Hillel Academic Council.
How is it possible that a veteran who embarrasses the U.S. Marine Corps by openly proselytizing for communism in New Orleans is able to saunter across the Cold War stage of history, not long after the McCarthy hearings, without nary a care in the world?
“I’m not a big conspiracy theory guy, but it don’t sit right,” said Rick, before making the extraordinary claim that the whole shooting was a “set up” and that Paddock’s body may have been left in the hotel room while other assailants carried out the shooting.
Because all [of this change] is [oriented] against the divinity of Jesus Christ, against the Kingdom of Jesus Christ, against the Real Presence of Jesus Christ in the Mass.
From reports of multiple shooters to officials seemingly covering up the ISIS connection, many different theories have been put forth that counter the mainstream narrative.
Shapira points out, “Several news organizations, including The Washington Post, seized on the truncated file as an example of the government’s continued secrecy about the assassination.” Shapira points out that Helms’ full deposition has been in the public arena since 1994.
A 37-year-old previously deported Mexican man was arrested Jan. 7 in Chicago.
They are modernists.
Hurt, whose son, the Rev.
Catch Hilary's regular column in The Remnant's Print/E-edition.
Consider the recent declaration by one of Francis’s new appointments to the Pontifical Academy for Life, whose entire membership he sacked and whose constitution he ordered rewritten to neutralize it.
Simply expressing support for a terrorist organization or attack is not against the law.
“We don’t want to have a situation where the disease spreads so fast it sort of gets out of control.
Aliens arrested during this operation are from the following five countries: Ecuador (1), Honduras (2), Mexico (17), Serbia (1) and Ukraine (1).
If Erdogan is serious, a clash with the U.S. is coming, as our Kurdish allies occupy most of Syria's border with Turkey.
“I’m hoping everything is OK with him and I’m sure MGM or the union will let (media) know when we hear something,” he said.
An outbreak of the plague in Madagascar is spreading at an unprecedented rate.
If, as a result of the process of discernment, undertaken with “humility, discretion and love for the Church and her teaching, in a sincere search for God’s will and a desire to make a more perfect response to it” (AL 300), a separated or divorced person who is living in a new relationship manages, with an informed and enlightened conscience, to acknowledge and believe that he or she are at peace with God, he or she cannot be precluded from participating in the sacraments of Reconciliation and the Eucharist (see AL, notes 336 and 351).
After firing, he tossed the gun in the water.
Ten other African countries have also been placed on high alert, warning that an outbreak could occur at any time.
The Associated Press on Monday reported that it obtained a draft of a report written by Susan Ellingstad, a lawyer hired by Minnesota's Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party to investigate the claim against Ellison.
One says we must not tolerate error.
Its perversion by the radical anti-Jewish and anti-Israel left to serve anti-Semitic narratives is tragic.
Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller
Under long-established custom and tradition in Washington, D.C., when someone asks someone else for a favor, the person who is in a position to grant the favor demands something in return.
We all have choices to make.
How Do You Like Paying For Sexual Harassment Settlements from Your Congress, America?
The groping generally came from Karadima touching Barros’ genitals”.
Your critics have been accused, in your own words, of making doctrine an ideology.
Make no mistake about it: A deal is about to be made.
In December it successfully carried out the most-distant course-correction manoeuvre ever, with the mission team guiding it towards a close-encounter with a KBO scheduled for 1 January 2019.
The judge cited that letter during Wednesday’s hearing in holding that Rombot’s detention despite ICE’s previous guidance violated his due process rights under the U.S. Constitution.
That is a sacrilege.
And it’s a crisis of epic proportions.
This would make the Geminids one of only two major meteor showers not originating from a comet; the other being the Quadrantids in January.
Marie Collins, an Irish abuse survivor, was appointed in 2014 to the new Pontifical Commission for the Protection of Minors.
Farrakhan’s eventual failure suggests to Obama that’s there is more economic upside for blacks in shaking down white institutions than in building their own.
I realize that in the heat of a shooting, particularly a mass shooting, it may take some time for a precise timeline to develop.
Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller
She went after Iran instead.
During the term of the Assassination Records Review Board in the 1990s, the CIA decided to keep these particular records secret for another 25 years.
Concerning these guidelines that allow "the possibility of access to the sacraments of Reconciliation and the Eucharist" in "complex circumstances" where "limitations that lessen the responsibility and guilt" permit adulterous couples to continue in adultery, the pope said in his letter:
The website One Peter Five reports, via Marco Tosatti, that the pope ordered their removal without offering any explanation to then-cardinal prefect Gerhard Muller.
Today, Americans can read the CIA’s assassination manual online.
On Saturday, October 7, 2017, the Palm Beach Democratic Party held its 2017 Truman Kennedy Johnson (TKJ) Dinner at the West Palm Beach Marriott Hotel, in West Palm Beach, Florida.
The senators stressed that much of the islands’ power and communication networks are out and, according to the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), it will take months before power is fully restored.
Shockingly, he then goes on to detail the fact that at the end of the concert the previous two nights everyone had exited a specific way but on the night of the shooting this route was locked down shortly before the attack.
The 59th victim, who is currently unnamed by the completely botched investigation and cover-up, was shot and killed in the parking lot of nearby business during the attack.
But now we are witness to the single worst act of tyranny in the entire history of the papacy.
And support for them and for Myers cannot be distinguished from support for their views.
Progressives say we should be more like Sweden.
La Stampa’s Robert Fastiggi Replies to Chris Ferrara
Police are still investigating whether or not Paddock acted alone.
“I sort of understood what was going on,” Muhammad told TPM.
The faction reconstituted under Mr. Farrakhan in the late 1970s retained the original name, though not the influence or support that it had when its leaders were Malcolm X, Muhammad Ali and Elijah Muhammad.
FBI Informant “Threatened” After Offering Details Linking Clinton Foundation To Russian Bribery Case
It's sociology that worries me.
Much closer flybys have occurred in the very recent past.
Neither of the Dreamers’ names were released.
Ms Geller, of the Atlas Shrugs blog, and Mr Spencer, of Jihad Watch, are also co-founders of the American Freedom Defense Initiative, best known for a pro-Israel "Defeat Jihad" poster campaign on the New York subway.
There is not a single piece of evidence against him.
“I have done what I believe God wanted me to do,[1]” he said.
All was going as planned.
The charges stem from an alleged scheme to bribe Vadim Mikerin, a Russian official at JSC Techsnabexport (TENEX), a subsidiary of Russia’s State Atomic Energy Corporation and the sole supplier and exporter of Russian Federation uranium and uranium enrichment services to nuclear power companies worldwide, in order to secure contracts with TENEX.
[T]he Church is one body, the Mystical Body of Christ, and you are commissioned by the Lord himself to promote and strengthen her unity.
On Wednesday, McGill Principal Suzanne Fortier said the University wants to ensure a safe space for all students.
“And now, we’ve been able to make images farther from Earth than any spacecraft in history.”
Don't expect it to condemn Rep. Davis' comments.
That includes his public and repeated repudiations of Louis Farrakhan’s views over the years.
The senator apologized for the photo but said he remembered the skit incident differently.
I met this Secretary of the Episcopal Conference during my visit in Columbia, and he said for two years they [had been asking] the President, in the name of the Holy See, to change this article in their Constitution.
Take a look at the future of America: The Beginning of the End and then prepare.
One man died after picking up a hand grenade outside a subway station in a suburb of Stockholm.
“If a relatively unsophisticated foe such as the Houthi, using Iranian-modified Soviet and North Korean missiles derived from 40-year-old technology, can evade an enemy force using the most modern combat aircraft backed up by the most sophisticated intelligence gathering systems available, and successfully launch ballistic missiles that threaten the political and economic infrastructure of the targeted state, what does that say about the prospects of any U.S.-led coalition taking on the far more advanced mobile missile threats that exist in North Korea and Iran today?
Haec autem conscientia agnoscere potest non modo statum quendam ab universali Evangelii mandato obiective dissidere; etiam sincere honesteque agnoscere poteste quod sit liberale responsum in praesenti Deo reddendum atque eadem conscientia firma quadam morali certitudine intellegere illam esse oblationem quam ipse Deus requirit inter rerum impedientium congeriem, quamvis perfectum nondum sit obiectivum exemplar.
What no one knew at the time, and what the CIA intentionally kept secret for decades, was that the DRE was a CIA front organization.
Speaking from Madagascar, Christine South, head of IFRC’s (International Federation of Red Cross) emergency operations, said: “With anything like this there is a possibility that somebody could be infected and get on a plane.
They have said that Stephen Paddock had converted to Islam six months ago, and they revealed his Islamic name as Abu Abd Abdulbar al Ameriki.
In fact, there are so many unanswered questions that the Drudge Report even linked to an article asking them directly.
(Faber was nominated by President George H.W.
"He said he was going to go put on a light show.
I do not destroy the Church.
They had to figure out a way to shut down the investigation so that the frame-up would remain intact.
(Read the full document here. )
Recently, I had two young [potential] seminarians come to my house near Paris.
24 hours later he was calling them liars.
Lyndon Johnson telephones Dallas District Attorney Henry Wade on the night of the assassination and orders him to shut down any investigation of a conspiracy because it might lead to nuclear war.
Who is with Cardinal Bea?
Democrats have been covering up his sexual crimes for years, and my hope is that now this will start to change.
There's an outbreak of them at anti-Israel hate sites like the New York Times and the Forward.
More troubling for America is the new reality revealed by the rout of the peshmerga.
They ask to become true priests.
The CIA’s records relating to Mexico City!
The church, one of the largest buildings in town, can hold up to 2,000 people for Sunday services and often does.
Some say the pope is not responsible.
We cannot obey our parents if they command a bad thing.
At first, Campos, a guard at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino, was hailed a hero for helping guide police to gunman Stephen Paddock’s room on the 32nd floor.
Because Trump obviously needed collateral to ensure that the CIA complied with its part of the deal.
The remarks came amid an improbable series of events that few could have anticipated even three months ago.
There are many proposed theological answers.
“And I know how much they suffer, to feel that the Pope says in their face ‘bring me a letter, a proof.’ It’s a slap.
Las Vegas police and officials with the FBI, U.S. attorney's office in Nevada and the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives each declined Wednesday to comment about Haig or the investigation.
“Despite claims by some that these are “strobes” it remains unlikely that this is the case, especially when you consider other footage of the helicopter taken on the night as well as research by a group of investigators who believe the first attack on October 1st was carried out from the air.”
A federal judge on Wednesday signaled she may extend an order preventing the deportation of roughly 50 Indonesian Christians living illegally in New Hampshire, a process that immigration officials began after U.S. President Donald Trump took office.
Nicole Winfield and the Associated Press dropped the bomb that the information came directly from the victims, whom Francis had dismissed and refused to meet with on his trip, and delivered through his own Commission on sexual abuse:
This because Trump retweeted three videos showing Muslims being violent.
What constitutes a “move away” from sin if not ceasing to commit the sin?
BELIN: Is there any information involved with the assassination of President Kennedy which in any way shows that Lee Harvey Oswald was in some way a CIA agent or an age[nt.… The CIA, Terrorism, an... Jacob Hornberger Check Amazon for Pricing.
• His Excellency Marian Eleganti, auxiliary bishop of Chur, Switzerland
We know it is demonically inspired because their hatred is for Christ Himself in the first place and for anyone who loves and wants to serve Him second.
Perhaps one of the good effects to come from Fr.
At the time it didn’t draw much attention from the English language press – mostly at that time distracted by the ongoing battle of the notorious Kasper Proposal and the oncoming Synods.
Instead, they have steadfastly stuck with the official story, one that has all the characteristics of a pat frame-up: That Oswald acted alone or possibly acted in concert with others, both of which lead to nothing but dead ends, contradictions, and anomalies.
Insist that KATES LAW is passed.
After I do some independent research on the continent/country issue I will review your paper.
Many prominent Democrats have supported Ford’s allegations.
What is happening in the Church?
ISIS does not claim credit for events that are not theirs.
“Tomorrow morning, I’m going to Saint Mary Major’s to pray, and then I am going to Saint John Lateran.
You must make strong and courageous decisions (…).
A botched nomination matters because allies will be less likely to trust Trump, not just on Supreme Court choices, but on any initiative.
A source familiar with the timing of the declassification told Fox News they expected the Carter Page warrant application to be declassified first, followed by the FBI reports on agent interviews with Ohr.
Trump’s dossier was interlaced with condemnations of the regime’s repression of its own people.
Saints and popes from one end of the stacks to the other.
The Obama administration lied to the American people, abandoning its own promises to ensure that the deal contained ironclad protections.
Now that the NDA (non disclosure agreement) has been lifted Circa’s Sara Carter is “reporting that she has received a treasure trove of documents that in fact prove tonight the FBI informant has knowledge of Russia’s involvement in uranium one.”
But I think that if they directed this question to all of the priests who are under 50 years of age, they would find that fifty percent [have lost the faith in the Real Presence], because the young priests have no faith.
Mr. Farrakhan, whose name, the Anti-Defamation League wrote after the February event, is “virtually synonymous with anti-Semitism,” then drew national attention in 1984, when he exhorted his followers to support Jesse Jackson’s bid for the Democratic presidential nomination.
Even if the attempt is void and of no effect before man and God—an immoral law is no law at all—Francis clearly means to impose his will by fiat, daring invoke the “authentic Magisterium” to cloak his absurd novelties.
Burke was reiterating Church teaching, as expressed by famed canonist Franz Wernz in his Ius Canonicum: "In sum, it needs to be said clearly that a [publicly] heretical Roman Pontiff loses his power upon the very fact."
What does all that mean?
A preliminary report on the shooting released by the LVMPD on Friday only lists seven victims as being “placed” outside of the venue, two of which were over a half mile away.
that constituted a grave threat to “national security,” i.e., befriending the Russians (i.e., the Soviets) and Cubans and entering into peaceful coexistence with the communist world.
And guess what is included in the records that Trump has now agreed to continue suppressing.
Antisemitism at McGill does not emerge from a vacuum.
We do not wish the West to continue with Islamization, nor that your actions contribute to it.
Why are we “far right”?
Because it’s consistent with a frame-up.
Trump’s DOJ revived and breathed new life into Project Cassandra, a promising anti-Hezbollah/IRGC law enforcement initiative shelved by Obama.
Asked what the appeal of Mr. Farrakhan’s views might be to people like Ms. Mallory, religious scholars emphasized that the Nation of Islam is a religion and can provide comfort and aid to its adherents.
The time is fast approaching in which there will be great trials and afflictions; perplexities and dissensions, both spiritual and temporal, will abound; the charity of many will grow cold, and the malice of the wicked will increase.
So, just how far is “the farthest ever”?
They were since reinstated.
No Catholic, whether or not he consults a priest, can declare for himself that his marriage in the Church was invalid, especially when—indeed because—he lacks canonical proof of invalidity.
Revoking Mr. Acosta’s White House badge was the most severe step yet, and it soon became apparent that the move would not pass legal muster: After suing last week, Mr. Acosta was granted the temporary return of his credentials by a federal judge.
It was an extraordinarily compressed timeline for the landmark summit, which at one point was called off entirely as communication broke down between Washington and Pyongyang.
The #StephenPaddock suicide note that the govt.
You think that all men are equal, but Islam does not say that all men are equal.
It is very deep.
During the air traffic control recordings, which were released by political strategist and co-founder of “The New Right” Mike Tokes, one of the dispatchers is heard telling an incoming plane that landing might not be a good idea because there were multiple active shooters on the airport property itself.
The truth is the only one King of the World is Jesus Christ.
Because it is impossible, I realize, to do this by myself.
But who authorized this strategic commitment, of indefinite duration, in Syria, when near two decades in Afghanistan have failed to secure that nation against the return of al-Qaida and ISIS?
The first organization that came out with a press release advertising Oswald’s bona fides was the DRE, an anti-communist group in New Orleans with which Oswald had had contact.
It was not widely recognized as an anti-Jewish organization during its early years (its early literature, though, focused on “the white man” as “the white devil”).
Yet even an amended, improved deal will still serve as a shield to Iran’s nuclear program.
"I'm still racking my brain for what did I miss.
The motion also notes that the neighbouring Royal Borough of Greenwich formally adopted a similar motion in December last year….
That included an unusually central role for the Federalist Society’s Leonard Leo.
He expresses the truth, and then he does the contrary/opposite.
They are merely economic migrants seeking a better life,” Orban concluded.
And the number of cases is growing by the day, said Elhadj As Sy, the secretary general of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC) as the nation put all hospitals on high alert.
It was the victory of Islamic law over Western law, sharia over freedom.
Hungarian Prime Minister Hits Nail On The Head: Refugees Are Actually "Muslim Invaders"
Pamela Geller and I are banned from entering the country for the crime of telling the truth about Islam and jihad.
The icy cigar was probably knocked askew by a violent collision with another object.
“I think it’s a great program mainly because it’s the only chance for some of these kids to even see the Bible,” said Brett Tolliver, 27.
Pope Francis meets meets with Lutheran leader, Bishop Munib Younan, in Sweden
Either that or they can go whine to the New York Times some more because the Jewish community won't let them burn crosses on their lawn.
Undercover FBI informant William Campbell has given written testimony to Congressional investigators after an "iron clad" gag order was lifted in October
Hopefully, most will never have to find out how well another country can manage this infection.
The security guard, Jesus Campos, was struck in the leg as the gunman, from behind his door, shot into the hallway on the 32nd floor.
Victor said a box that Paddock used to carry ammunition out of Haig's house and bore his client's name was later found in the Las Vegas hotel where the attack was launched.
!” one wrote.
Gonzalez is contending the jury should have been told that “momentary” possession of a gun is not necessarily a crime.
Pope Francis visits Genoa, Italy, in May 2017.
Ruiz, as well, founded AMANA’s Connecticut and Puerto Rico chapters.
When pressed about those comments in light of Kim's brutal tactics, Trump continued praising the North Korean leaders' ability to run a country at a young age.
He said, “The smoke of Satan has entered the Church.” But where are the men responsible for the destruction of the Church?
Does not the Syrian government have a point?
SICK!#KateSteinle #KatesLaw — Constitutional-TQN?
And it won’t bring down the regime which by its nature ensures all of these things will remain a menace to the US, its allies and international security as a whole.
Justice Anthony Kennedy gave President Donald Trump the biggest political gift possible when he announced his resignation in the spring.
On the other hand, it could give Trump what he wanted and have to suffer the obvious inference that people would draw — that the CIA was continuing to cover up incriminatory evidence.
If you recall, Syed Rizwan Farook and Tashfeen Malik threw their hard drives in a lake near their home, and despite Herculean efforts by law enforcement, the hard drives were never recovered.
In jury selection, Gonzalez and the prosecutor, assistant district attorney Diana Garcia, included three “immigrants,” quite possibly false-documented illegals.
We are coming to your seminary because we know that the end of the priest is to offer the true Sacrifice of the Mass.
When I was in Rome one month ago, Mgr.
In more ways than one.
If that kicks in, the plague will be far, far scarier.
“It’s difficult to satisfy the First Amendment in elementary school when it comes to the Bible.
A complaint says unfired armor-piercing bullets found inside the Las Vegas hotel room where the attack was launched on Oct. 1 contained the fingerprints of ammunition dealer Douglas Haig of Arizona.
You make it a matter of “mercy” (backed up by the iron fist) that no one in a state of objective mortal sin can be refused Holy Communion; you give the national bishops conferences the power to start enforcing this, and you have created a previously unimaginable situation in the Church.
After all, he had been a highly controversial selection for his current circuit court seat, eventually getting confirmed with only four Democratic votes after a long delay.
He stressed though, that he can only speak for the Hungarians and they “don’t want” immigration.
But experts now warn that because they are being used so much to treat the infection, antibiotics resistance is inevitable and making this disease much more terrifying.
News of infected patients running away from hospitals comes on the heels of reports that it is only a matter of time before the plague becomes resistant to the antibiotics that are currently being used to treat the outbreak.
Bergoglio wanted Barros as a bishop and that was that.
Four people were shot dead in the first week of this year.
ICE Arrests 22 In Chicago Area During 3-Day Operation
Then, once every few days.
“Our presidency has taken a stand: we cannot give in to extortion," Orban said in a video statement on Facebook.
Franken was a comedian before he ever entered the world of politics, and we understand that.
Ladies and Gentlemen:
The race is now on between the SDF and Bashar Assad's army to secure the border with Iraq.
They added their lobbying for Russia did not involve Uranium One but rather focused on regulatory issues aimed at helping Russia better compete for nuclear fuel contracts inside the United States.
“I promised and made arrangements to give the picture to Leonard Farrakhan,” the minister’s son-in-law and chief of staff.
Addressing himself to Pope Francis, Mr Cruz says: "Holy Father, Juan Barros says he saw nothing and yet, there are dozens of us who can testify to the fact that not only was he present when Karadima abused us, but that he, too, kissed Karadima and they touched each other."
But that would be ceasing to commit the sin of adultery altogether as it would involve abandoning the pretense that they are married along with the illicit sexual relation itself.
“The Department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation are already working with the Director of National Intelligence to comply with the President’s order.”
Many priests have gotten married.
They are already in heaven.” This young priest who was ordained by the Bishop last year for my Congregation is now a professor in the minor seminary in Switzerland.
The radical anti-Israel left will not be satisfied with embedding “moderate” opposing voices into Jewish organizations.
While Democrats have unsurprisingly questioned Campbell's credibility, Campbell's attorney Victoria Toensing told Sean Hannity, “[The Russians] were so confident that they told Mr. Campbell with the Clinton’s help, it was a shoo-in to get CFIUS [The Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States] approval.
His girlfriend Mari Danley had relatives in Dubai.
Shapira ends his article by suggesting that commentators should do more complete research, maybe even use Google, before they jump to conclusions.
“Recently I have been made aware of what I believe to be credible evidence, credible information regarding potential terrorist infiltration through the southern border regarding this incident,” Perry said.
Those modifications would include an end to absurd sunset clauses in the JCPOA and tough restrictions on ballistic missile testing.
[1] “Not one victim has come forward in Chile; show me the proof.
If so, perhaps that “briefcase full of bribe money” video will finally see the light of day.
During it, Mr. Farrakhan said that the “powerful Jews” were his enemies, and that Jews were “responsible for all of this filth and degenerate behavior that Hollywood is putting out turning men into women and women into men,” as well as other incendiary remarks.
Law and order is likely to be a major issue in a parliamentary election scheduled for September with the populist, opposition Sweden Democrats linking public concern about the rising crime rate to a large increase in the numbers of immigrants.
“Those who persevere in their fervor and adhere to virtue with love and zeal for the truth, will suffer injuries and persecutions as rebels and schismatics; for their persecutors, urged on by the evil spirits, will say they are rendering a great service to God by destroying such pestilent men from the face of the earth…
The pieces aren’t going to fit together perfectly.
His uncle had died in a road accident when his cab fell in the river.
What Trump has done with his announcement is send a clear message to the CIA: “Give me what I want and I’ll give you want you want.
When a canon lawyer and several priests close to the cardinal suggested that Hamilton not mention Karadima, he pressed on with his request in order to force the issue of punishment for the priest while having his marriage annulled.
“It was some time ago to make a bishop, not in Italy.
It’s hardest when it’s strongest.
But the change in the Mass destroys the Church.
All 746 undergraduate history courses taught at Australia’s 35 universities in 2017 were analyzed and it was found that, classified by thematic keyword in course titles and content descriptions, the most common themes were ‘Indigenous’ issues (99 references, 13% of total courses), followed dutifully by ‘Race’ (80), ‘Gender’ (69), ‘Identity’ (55), ‘Women’ (46), ‘Islam’ (39), ‘Colonization’ (39), ‘Sexuality’ (34) and ‘Ethnicity’ (34).
Not when JVP is at AJHS.
If we don’t, we will find ourselves, in the words of Pope Benedict, in “a dictatorship of relativism that does not recognize anything as definitive and whose ultimate goal consists solely of one’s own ego and desires.”
In December, the AJHS will feature “Rubble Rubble”, a play by Dan Fishback based on his trip to Israel.
What’s At Stake in the Fight For Religious Freedom
The Obama administration’s response was that the missiles had become a separate issue, to be dealt with under a new United Nations Security Council resolution endorsing the JCPOA.
He decried, “Listen.
“In retweeting Jayda Fransen’s posts, it is absolutely clear to me that President Trump is supporting and condoning fascism and far-right activity.
But the consequences of this Pope’s toying with the teaching office of the Church to advance half-baked theological notions, such as “discernment” (a term he borrows from St. Ignatius of Loyola but strips of its original meaning) are catastrophic.
Trump's North Korean gamble ends with 'special bond' with Kim
“Our daily life was basically prayer, eating, and learning about the religion for about eight hours.” Kweis graduated from Alexandria’s Thomas Edison High School in 2007, where friends described him as “one of the guys.” “He wasn’t someone who was an outcast or something like that — he was one of the guys,” Harrison Weinhold told CBS News in March 2016.
Ironically, the seizure occurred on the very day that Obama was to give his State of the Union address but predictably, he didn’t think that the seizure of Americans was important enough to note.
But rather than lamenting what secularism has wrought on marital life in Germany, reasserting the Church’s position on marriage, and insisting that the faithful strive to live according to her laws, Faggioli argues that the Church ought to bend to the will of secular society.
Whether that matters in terms of public opinion for Trump is unclear, but it certainly isn’t good for any Republican senators caught up in the middle, along with any other candidates who have had to weigh in only to find the facts as they knew them constantly changing.
Kritarch Mark Goldsmith
HELMS: I believe so.
"That New Year's flight past MU69 will be the farthest planetary encounter in history, happening one billion miles beyond the Pluto system - which New Horizons famously explored in July 2015," said NASA.
Officials at the hospital say the main reason why patients run away is that they are scared of needles and don’t have much experience of hospitals.
But before the Pope came (because the Pope came many times to present at these meetings) we voted on the schema.
Its target is a patch of lunar surface about 370 miles away from the south pole, where scientists think the rock may be 4 billion years old, formed just after the moon's giant ocean of liquid rock began to solidify.
The JFK Cover-Up Continues
The popular social media influencer apparently left the Foundation Room literally seven minutes before authorities claim Paddock opened fire from his 32nd floor room.
I believe I got zero or partial credit because the instructor said, 'Australia is a continent; not a country.
A short time before the holy Father’s [St. Francis’] death, he called together his children and warned them of the coming troubles:
The district filed a motion to dismiss the lawsuit on Wednesday.
It is readily available as a Google book.
To pass moral judgements on papacies, presidencies, or anything else, we must have recourse to truth, and to the institutions that have upheld this truth for centuries.
What might be this “generous response?” Pope Francis does not give an example in AL 303 because he’s speaking in general terms of the dynamics of conscience.
That is, Francis’s man at the reconstituted Pontifical Academy declares openly that there is a duty to contracept!
Hide Caption 7 of 30 Photos: Mass shooting at Las Vegas music festival Police take position outside the Mandalay Bay.
The Guardian, which did not identify the sources for its reporting, said that Manafort met with Assange “around March 2016” — the same month that Russian hackers began their all-out effort to steal emails from the Clinton campaign.
“Nobody is allowed to visit Iran's military sites,” said Iran’s Head of Strategic Research Center at the Expediency Council and adviser to Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei, Ali Akbar Velayati.
Campos’s co-worker Liliana Rodriguez started a GoFundMe account for him on October 3, explaining that he’d been shot while on “random patrol” and it could have been anyone of us.
You have sucked their blood.”
The bullet that pierced her back had ricocheted off the concrete ground after it was fired by Garcia Zarate from a handgun belonging to a federal ranger that had been stolen four days earlier.
It was reported in 1999 and 2000 by L’Espresso, who said the information was confirmed by “numerous bishops, priests, religious and laity” in Uruguay[6].
Paddock arrived at the seller's home in Mesa "very well-dressed, very well-groomed, very polite, very respectful," Haig said.
“The Russians were compromising American contractors in the nuclear industry with kickbacks and extortion threats, all of which raised legitimate national security concerns.
"And then after the attack claimed responsibility four times," Perry continued.
This, though, is the very definition of schism found in the Catechism of the Catholic Church, 2089 and the 1983 CIC canon 751.
Such a reading is causing “rampant confusion,” will spread “a plague of divorce” in the Church, and is “alien” to the Church’s entire faith and Tradition, the three bishops said in the profession.
I don't know any American citizen who is a 5x felon and could get away with killing someone with a stolen gun.
They warn that the general loss of trust in institutions leads to a general state of chaos, in which laws on the books matter little as citizens turn to their last resort of protecting themselves and their own families.
However, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) declined to enforce those deportation orders, called Final Order Of Removal
The WHO website reads: “Marburg virus disease is a rare disease with a high mortality rate for which there is no specific treatment.
Then, the discourse of the Nuncio was the discourse of a Freemason: all of it was “progress,” “humanity,” “evolution,” and all the hubris of a Freemason.
Pamela Geller's commitment to freedom from jihad and Shariah shines forth in her books
Monahan slammed the Democratic Party for its response to her allegations when compared to its treatment of Christine Blasey Ford.
The question of Communion for divorced and civilly “remarried” Catholics, he said, has been “falsely elevated to the rank of a decisive question of Catholicism and a measure of ideological comparison in order to decide whether one is conservative or liberal, in favor or against the pope.”
Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban doesn't mince words when it comes to the Muslim invasion in Europe and specifically to his own country.
“Let’s face it, twice before the attack ISIS warned the United States that they would attack Las Vegas and then after the attack claimed responsibility four times,” Perry continued.
“(Rome, January 20, 2014)?
Australia is a country.
The operation is going to be carefully planned and executed.
While the CIA has never revealed the names of the people it targeted for assassination, there is little doubt that Arbenz, the president, was at the top of the list.
Both Anderson and Zakkout have been denounced by the Anti-Defamation League (ADL) for their propagation of anti-Semitism.
the interpretation of a law."
It was held at the Radisson South Hotel, Minneapolis, on Tuesday, May 12, 1976, and its stated purpose was to assist the Archbishop in gaining a stronger foothold for the Society of St. Pius X in the States during the unprecedented crisis Blessed Pope Paul had helped unleash on the Church.
McMahill told KNPR, a local NPR affiliate, that Campos went up to the 32nd floor to investigate a door alarm.
The UK Home Office also admitted Shaykh Hamza Sodagar into the country, despite the fact that he has said: “If there’s homosexual men, the punishment is one of five things.
And the more substantive those debates become, the further away the US discourse will move from the mendacious assumptions of Obama’s Iran policy – that the Iranian regime is a responsible actor and potential US ally, and that there is nothing inherently aggressive or problematic about Iran’s illicit nuclear weapons program.
Ms Fransen herself has a long history of racism and Islamophobia, some of it criminal.
Why do you not believe them?’ The pope gave no satisfying answer, only repeating a claim of ‘no evidence’ against the bishop.”
With the hindsight of 52 years and a great deal of very dirty and unappealing water under the Catholic bridge, we can see it as a kind of warning prophecy.
Even if it is not explicitly [stated] in the Council but [rather] in the spirit of the Council, it is the same!
When, after several attempts and three months later[2], Muller was able to get an audience with the pope to ask the reason, he received the response, “I am the pope, I do not need to give reasons for any of my decisions.
“For as long as there have been White House press conferences, White House reporters have asked follow-up questions,” the group wrote on Monday.
Sources told The Hill the informant’s work was crucial to the government’s ability to crack a multimillion dollar racketeering scheme by Russian nuclear officials on U.S. soil that involved bribery, kickbacks, money laundering and extortion.
This seems to be very thin evidence for claiming Pope Francis wishes the bishops to admit public adulterers to the sacraments while continuing in their adulterous relations.
You cannot go to that Mass.
The hoopla surrounding the “Who am I to judge” comment tends to obscure the context of the comment.
Weinandy’s very point about fearfulness and lack of transparency.”
When I die and go before the judge, God will not be able to say to me, “You destroyed the Church.” I refused to contribute to the destruction of the Church.
They filed a case in the Federal courts and were assigned to a Kritarch, Patti Saris, who apparently thinks she runs immigration policy, even after aliens have had their day in court.
We do know now that Bugnini was primarily responsible for the change in liturgy, and that he is an infamous Freemason.
San Francisco prosecutors, who had long ago deprioritized marijuana charges, dismissed the decades-old charge and released Garcia Zarate on April 15, 2015.
The Obama FBI knew about the bribery scheme, yet the administration still approved the Uranium One deal.
Continued inaction while the laity and a few good priests are left to themselves to defend, as best they can, the constant teaching of the Church against the abuses of a tyrant on the Chair of Peter threatens the hierarchs with a legacy of shame and a terrible accountability before the Just Judge.
When it was Lew’s turn, he was voted down, 105 to 73 with 12 abstaining, with applause following the vote.
Does this new footage reveal muzzle flashes from helicopters, an air assault, on the night of the massacre?
The bullet ricocheted on the pier’s concrete walkway before it struck Steinle, killing her.
As Bertolt Brecht told Sidney Hook about Stalin’s victims, “the more innocent they are, the more they deserve to be shot.”
However, the departure of the choppers and the fact that several of them overflew the parking lot does not explain all of the debris being kicked up from by a heavy downdraft, prop wash, possibly from a helicopter hovering in place much closer.
“When the people of Iran rose up against the crimes of a corrupt dictatorship,” he stated, “I did not stay silent.
Rather, he found, votes against Lew were “motivated by politics, that is, based on his support for Israel and Zionism and/or for his view of the BDS movement.” Protests about Israel’s policies cannot be equated with anti-Semitism, Boudreau wrote, though he said Lew’s belief that he was targeted because he was Jewish was “honest and even understandable.”
“The FBI and the Las Vegas metro police department have been conducting the investigation, ” she said.
Muhammad contacted Farrakhan in autumn 2017 with the “final manuscript” for a self-published book containing the photo.
As I wrote in my October 11 article, “Will Trump Make a Deal with the CIA on JFK Records?,” the CIA is between a rock and a hard place.
When Prime Minister Theresa May, who was the head of the Home Office when she banned us and was thus directly responsible for the ban, threw us under the bus in order to satiate savages who threatened violence, did she really think she or anyone would be safe?
No matter how good a frame-up was, the CIA knew that it could be detected with an aggressive investigation.
Clearly, it is better if the deal is amended to delete the sunset clauses and expand the inspections regime.
Puerto Rico’s Power Grid Failure Is Causing A Public Health Crisis Of Epic Proportions
This emphatically includes persons with same-sex attraction.
Sofian Abdelaziz Zakkout is the President of the American Muslim Association of North America (AMANA), a prominent Islamic organization headquartered in North Miami Beach, Florida.
There was a total of fifteen young men for all of the Diocese of Paris.
It's no surprise that someone who hires based on what he thinks someone doing that job should look like, which seems to be based on hazy old-time Hollywood casting, would wind up with fewer women in his administration than any of his recent predecessors.
The unlikely images of US and North Korean counterparts engaging in friendly dialogue lent the day an air of unreality.
Throughout their conversation, both Douthat and Faggioli repeatedly observed that the debate over Pope Francis and the future of the Church is carried on primarily among Catholic intellectuals, unbeknownst to most of “the flock.”
There is no reasonable doubt that Oswald was a U.S. intelligence agent, one who was ordered to travel to Mexico City to set the framework for his frame-up.
Originally published the Jerusalem Post.
As Common Dream’s Reza Marashi explained:
And now one month ago in Rome, the traditional periodical Chiesa Viva published a photo of Cardinal Lienart with all of the appurtenances of Freemasonry, the date of his inscription in Masonry, the date [of his rising to] the 20th Degree of Freemasonry, the date [of his rising to] the 30th Degree of Freemasonry, and the places where he [attended] the meetings of Freemasonry.
Thanks to crackpots online, a Mesa man has become embroiled in conspiracy theories after he sold ammunition to the Las Vegas mass shooter.
Once the bacteria is resistant, the Madagascar healthcare system will be overwhelmed, and the disease will have control of the nation.
In Naba 100 #ISIS featured an infographic on #LasVegas attack & indicated the shooter, "Abu Abdul Barr al-Amriki," converted 6 months ago pic.twitter.com/5JhMFbU2Se — SITE Intel Group (@siteintelgroup) October 5, 2017
"Twice before the attack, ISIS warned the United States they would attack Las Vegas," he added.
What exactly do they want us to believe?
America’s European allies are also upset with President Trump for refusing to recertify the deal and threatening to pull out if certain conditions are not met.
And there is no evidence...
In 2016, he surrendered to Kurdish forces in northern Iraq and was eventually turned over to U.S. authorities, the department said.
But wait, there’s more!
Dr. Robert Fastiggi and Dr.
A reminder that the Associated Press has an official policy of "not reporting race" when it's not "relevant".
At its core, this debate is about truth and our ability to judge right from wrong.
Recently, in France, a progressive paper conducted a statistical survey to see how many priests no longer have faith in the Real Presence.
One – the easiest one maybe – chop their head off, that’s the easiest.
Victor, his attorney, declined to comment about CNN's questions about the incendiary rounds.
[2] Until the date of this meeting, March 19, 1976, nothing had been said to Archbishop Lefebvre about this condition of submission, which submission was demanded of him as a condition to his request for a Papal Audience.
In fact, Fr.
As the pseudonymous Marcantonio Colonna wrote in the book, “The Dictator Pope,” “In fact his patronage of Monsignor Ricca fits the pattern which was well established when he was Archbishop of Buenos Aires, whereby he surrounds himself with morally weak people so as to have them under his thumb.”
A British newspaper alleges that Paul Manafort secretly met WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange at the Ecuadorean Embassy in London within days or weeks of being brought aboard Donald Trump’s presidential campaign.
That's exactly right!
At least twice this week, the Las Vegas Review-Journal has asked to speak with Sheriff Joe Lombardo about the shooting investigation.
What is amazing (or not) is the extreme nonchalance of the mainstream media to the CIA’s request for continued secrecy.
Buy Gold at Discounted Prices
"Did he know something that Stephen Paddock was going to do?
Who can read this without cringing at what we now know was about to happen:
You know our situation.
In other words, let’s just kick the can down the road and hope for a more reasonable Iranian regime in 13 years that would agree to extend the time limits.
Then the United States had an election, and the policy of not enforcing those and many other Final Orders of Removal was ended.
The rescript declares that Pope Francis expressly intends both documents—the papal letter and the episcopal guidelines—to bear the character of his "authentic Magisterium," and that the pope has personally ordered their publication in AAS and on the Vatican website.
Honorius did so by means of private correspondence with the author of the heresy, endorsing the heresy without ever formally proclaiming it as doctrine.
In 2006, then-Archbishop Bergoglio complained of a “media campaign” and claimed that the Grassi case was “different” from other accusations.
Ironically, your pontificate has given those who hold harmful theological and pastoral views the license and confidence to come into the light and expose their previously hidden darkness….
"Recently I’ve been made aware of what I believe to be credible evidence regarding potential terrorist infiltration through the southern border regarding this incident," Perry said.
Before Patel signed the Army application, a recruiter asked him specifically about the travel question and reminded him providing false information could result in criminal charges.
Rally goers repeatedly shouted, “We are Hamas” and “Let’s go Hamas.” After the rally, Zakkout wrote the following in Arabic, above photos from the event: “Thank God, every day we conquer the American Jews like our conquests over the Jews of Israel!” He signed it “Br.
Today Corker has nothing to restrain him from scuttling Trump’s agenda.
This astonishing departure follows an implied but very clear assertion that Ricca has repented and given up his activity, an assertion that has absolutely no evidence to back it up.
But MGM Resorts International, the owner of Mandalay Bay, says police officers were there shortly after the shooting began, responding to a report of a security guard being shot.
Nonetheless, it is equally possible to undertake a journey of discernment….
© Provided by CBS Interactive Inc. Douglas Haig
Plague is caused by infection with the bacterium Yersinia pestis and is typically spread through the bite of infected fleas, frequently carried by rats.
Charles C. Haynes, the founding director of the Religious Freedom Center at the Newseum in Washington, doesn’t foresee the program surviving a court challenge in its current form.
"it’s not that BDS is “censoring” work — it’s that BDS is resisting a propaganda campaign that was intentionally crafted to influence international politics," Dan Fishback claimed when advocating a boycott of some Israeli plays.
Hide Caption 29 of 30 Photos: Mass shooting at Las Vegas music festival A man makes a phone call as people run from the festival grounds.
“The kids love it and the ones who don’t participate aren’t made to feel left out.”
Unlike CJH, the American Jewish Historical Society is an organization that dates back to the 19th century.
Let me just remind them, they are themselves under investigation by a special prosecutor in Washington D.C. and they may soon avail themselves of the presumption of innocence beyond a reasonable doubt, so I ask that they reflect on that before they comment or disparage the results of this case.”
According to Elliott, the Mercer program is “extremely rare” and there are only a handful of districts around the country with similar courses.
“We are restoring clarity about our adversaries,” Trump stated in a not too subtle jibe at his predecessor who seemed to be in a perpetual state of confusion about who his friends and enemies were.
Sweden will do whatever it takes, including sending in the army, to end a wave of gang violence that has seen a string of deadly shootings, Prime Minister Stefan Lofven said in Wednesday.
At this same rally, a white nationalist plowed his car into a group of people who were protesting the rally, killing one.
The whole point is to prevent Iran from becoming the next North Korea, not to kick the can down the road as usual.
She left, and then she quit her job.
“The missile debris in question actually contradicts the finding of the UN panel, which held that the missiles launched against Saudi Arabia had been transferred to Yemen in pieces and assembled there by Houthi missile engineers; it is clear that the missiles in question had been in the possession of Yemen well before the Saudi Arabian-led intervention of 2015, and that their source was either Soviet or North Korean.
The country’s health chief Willy Randriamarotia said: “If a person dies of pneumonic plague and is then interred in a tomb that is subsequently opened for a Famadihana, the bacteria can still be transmitted and contaminate whoever handles the body.” The tradition has been banned since the outbreak began, but it is feared ceremonies have taken place regardless as local continue to balk that their rituals have contributed to the outbreak.
The man, a former Marine who called himself Rick, says he was Paddock’s neighbor between December 2015 and June 2016 in Mesquite, Nevada.
Article posted with permission from End of the American Dream
Instead they caved to Iranian pressure in order to get the deal done.
Press relations were not always rosy in pre-Trump days.
Which inevitably brings to mind other responses that have not been quite so clear, nor so pastoral.
Thus, it took more than a year-and-a-half for the Factory to roll out the old reliable “mistranslation” defense to explain away the infamous paragraph 303 of Amoris Laetita (AL), which reads as follows in the official English translation on the Vatican website:
San Francisco's policy is to ignore such requests if they are not accompanied by judge-signed warrants, and the city has cited federal court cases concluding that such detentions violate inmates' Fourth Amendment rights.
Not to be outdone, the Hill’s John Solomon had found even more dirt on this ugly Clinton led deal.
Bishop Eleganti’s support of the profession comes just three days after Bishop Athanasius Schneider, auxiliary of Astana, Kazakstan, invited the world’s bishops to sign the document and join in raising a common voice in defense of the sanctity and the indissolubility of marriage.
AUTHORITIES PUT BRAKES ON INFORMATION FLOW IN LAS VEGAS SHOOTING By Rachel Crosby Las Vegas Review-Journal, October 26, 2017: Fifty-eight people killed.
But Thomas makes the point that it is first a matter of metaphysics.
Hannity spoke with investigative reporter Sara Carter of Circa, John Solomon of The Hill, and Victoria Toensing, an attorney representing the FBI informant who allegedly possesses documents on the sale of Canadian mining company ‘Uranium One’ to Russia interests back in 2010.
They compiled and released snippets of officers’ body camera footage.
NewsCatholic Church, Family, Marriage
Cordes has a history of defending the Church’s moral teaching.
Get the book.
NASA captures farthest ever image from Earth
They asked me to concelebrate Mass with a Protestant pastor and a rabbi.
In reality, he has done nothing to serve the community and only attempts to divide it with his hatemongering.
Police have said that when Campos radioed what happened, it helped them track where Paddock was holed up – so why change the narrative to make it even more unbelievable?
“We never sought in this negotiation the capacity for so-called anytime, anywhere,” Rhodes said on July 14, 2015.
We say in the Gloria in Excelsis Deo, “Tu solus Altissimus,” “Tu solus Dominus,” “You alone are the Highest,” “You alone are the Lord.” But practically, we would refuse this Kingdom of Jesus Christ if we said that Luther, Mohammed, Buddha and Jesus Christ are all the same.
The IAEA should just pretend that such tests could not possibly happen again.
Meanwhile, the ‘journalists’ over at CNN are still trying to get to the bottom of exactly who spent the $100,000 on Facebook ads…
Others worry the plague will go beyond mainland Africa and eventually reach the US, Europe, and Britain.
Once you sanction the silencing and persecution of one, inevitably, you’ve sanctioned it for all.
We are talking about it spreading in days rather than weeks.” But Hunter is adamant that a well-developed country could manage the plague should a global outbreak occur.
If it did, it might not be so deferential to the deal that Trump and the CIA are about to make to continue the JFK assassination cover-up by continuing to keep some of the CIA’s decades-old JFK’s related assassination records secret from the American people.
The ratification vote is typically a mere formality, but Monday’s was different due to Democratize Student Society of McGill University (SSMU), an organization that was established to resist the university’s ban of the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) movement on campus.
Neither was the complaint against Barros without the support of responsible people.
Man who sold ammo to Las Vegas gunman speaks out
Does Cardinal Müller think we are fools?
Hide Caption 23 of 30 Photos: Mass shooting at Las Vegas music festival A crowd takes cover at the festival grounds.
Over the weekend, Belgian prime minister Charles Michel spoke about sending “an ultimatum” to the Visegrád countries which “reject solidarity”.
The American people have a right to know, and those that engaged in this type of behavior do not have a right to hide.
Orban is openly Christian and seems to understand something that many do not and that is you do not allow a wholesale flood of antichrists to pour into your country.
We don’t know what — maybe laying off on the Russia investigation — but his announcement last Friday is obviously part of the concluding steps of such negotiations.
And still, none of this explains why Campos is not registered as a security guard either, and why the timeline is being changed publically.
This news comes amid a surge in cases of plague in Madagascar, which is considered to be the “worst outbreak in 50 years” and now at “crisis” point.
This kind of behavior is not acceptable for anyone in a civilized society – and that goes double for someone that is supposed to be one of the leaders of our nation.
In our Sept. 26 article in La Stampa, Dr. Goldstein and I provided a hypothetical example of a couple in a purely civil “marriage” recognizing that God is calling them to live in continence.
There were no tells," Haig said of Paddock.
“There’s no legal basis for them to ask for more time,” Vinita Andrapalliyal, a U.S. Justice Department lawyer, argued in court on Wednesday.
Who is with Cardinal Ottaviani?
Professor John Joe McFadden from the University of Surrey told MailOnline: “Fortunately in [the] plague, it has not developed much antibiotic resistance.
After Patel's arrest in July, investigators found his passport "near" the motel room where he was living, the documents said.
I seriously feel like buying my own damn bricks & building this damn wall myself!
An outbreak of both bubonic plague, which is spread by infected rats via flea bites, and pneumonic plague, spread person to person, has killed more than 200 people in the Indian Ocean island nation since August.
He was previously convicted of battery.
CIA & JFK: The Secret ... Jefferson Morley Check Amazon for Pricing.
In July 2017, Zakkout posted on his Facebook page a four-minute portion of a speech given by Louis Farrakhan at the Nation of Islam’s February 2017 Saviors’ Day.
“We’ve all been waiting, and I’m waiting, too.
And anyway, sins of the flesh aren’t the worst things ever.
I am told from contacts inside the Vatican that after the trip to Chile Bergoglio’s support has completely dried up.
“There is clear evidence that the missiles that landed on Saudi Arabia come from Iran,” she said.
“You can see a large amount of wind and debris, apparently that is due to a helicopter hovering overhead.”
Seriously, it's been four months already!
Agencies scramble to prep Russia probe files for release after sweeping Trump order
Pope Francis explains this again in AL 305 when he says “a small step, in the midst of great human limitations, can be more pleasing to God than a life which appears outwardly in order, but moves through the day without confronting great difficulties.’”
As an aside, one of the more vocal proponents of BDS at McGill is a rancid character named Igor Sadikov, who in February posted a comment on twitter advocating violence against “Zionists.” As a result, he was forced to resign his position as an SSMU director but dodged an impeachment effort to have him stripped of his position at McGill’s Arts Undergraduate Society.
On Wednesday, he shared with the committee information he provided to the FBI and has in the past described his frustration with the Obama administration’s failure to stop Russia’s nuclear giant from purchasing 20 percent of American uranium mining assets.
The Holy Spirit is given to the Church, and particularly to yourself, to dispel error, not to foster it.
In fact, the chaos and lack of commitment on the issue has come under harsh criticism from at least one member of the pope’s now-defunct sex abuse commission, a loudly trumpeted part of Bergoglio’s early scheme of reform.
Early detection of the plague is key since both forms of it can be cured with antibiotics.
And one lawmaker is hinting that the government is covering up a big story about terrorism.
We suspect it will not be long before President Trump has something to say about this verdict.
As I have reported in the past, multiple other videos taken on the night of the attack also seem to point to helicopters being used throughout the city.
On Friday, Rossello and Gonzalez said the island would receive a total of $11 billion under CDBG, a program run by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development.
Hide Caption 1 of 30 Photos: Mass shooting at Las Vegas music festival Broken windows of the Mandalay Bay are seen early in Las Vegas on Monday.
But I think that the devil is in Rome, as was said by our Lady of Fatima and Our Lady of La Salette.
Now, there are 911 confirmed cases in addition to the almost 100 deaths.
There are some more details here and a petition.
There is a culture of corruption in Washington D.C., and we desperately need to drain the swamp.
Russian Purchase of US Uranium Assets in Return for $145mm in Contributions to the Clinton Foundation – Bill and Hillary Clinton assisted a Canadian financier, Frank Giustra, and his company, Uranium One, in the acquisition of uranium mining concessions in Kazakhstan and the United States.
Do the CIA’s long-secret records contain a video-taped confession?
It is against our faith.
“This is what intent was, that he would be given the opportunity to leave under his own steam and not under shackles,” she said.
He left out that former CIA Director Richard Helms was a perjurer.
For the coming year we have 59 applications to our seminary in Econe, Switzerland – applications from the United States, from England, from Germany, from France, and Spain.
When asked why he believes his fellow cleric and not the survivors he can give no good reason.”
Deputy National Security Advisor Ben Rhodes told CNN, during an interview aired on April 6, 2015, that under the deal’s terms then still being negotiated, “you will have anywhere, anytime, 24/7 access as it relates to the nuclear facilities that Iran has."
Toensing added her client has had contact from multiple congressional committees seeking information about what he witnessed inside the Russian nuclear industry and has been unable to provide that information because of the NDA.
“All of them tried to contact the cardinal archbishop in 2002 or later,” the same period when Pope Benedict and other bishops were striving to meet with victims and demonstrate an interest in the problem.
As “Marcantonio Colonna” wrote in the Dictator Pope, “In fact his patronage of Monsignor Ricca fits the pattern which was well established when he was Archbishop of Buenos Aires, whereby he surrounds himself with morally weak people so as to have them under his thumb.”
But I will never…I do not accept the concept, because you destroy the Catholic State in the name of the Council.
"In June and August."
In July 2014, he organized a pro-Hamas rally held outside the Israeli Consulate in downtown Miami.
At the time the photos were published by the Daily Mail, police had not mentioned if Paddock left behind a note in his hotel room.
While officials did not reveal the woman’s name, they did tell reporters she was a prostitute.
“You see everybody always talk about Hitler exterminating six million Jews.
Giving prelates who object the impression they’ll be “marginalized or worse” if they speak out.
Newly released footage of the Las Vegas Massacre, captured by a private surveillance camera and recently released by Fox News host Tucker Carlson, has once again ignited the theory that helicopters were used during the horrific attack.
If the Saudi experience in Yemen is to teach us anything, it is that any military plan designed to confront nations such as North Korea, Iran and Russia that are armed with sophisticated mobile ballistic missiles had better count on those capabilities remaining intact throughout any anticipated period of hostility.
An ex-Secret Service agent is claiming that former Vice President Joe Biden engaged in “Weinstein-level” sexual assault and that he would walk around the VP residence late at night completely naked.
Saint Francis’ prophecy is clearly not a prediction of the Great Western Schism (1378-1417), which did not involve a “destroyer” on the Chair of Peter who leads the faithful into error, widespread apostasy, and the persecution of faithful Catholics as “schismatics.” But it does contain elements very familiar to us today.
It's not clear from the complaint whether the two armor-piercing rounds with the incendiary capsule are from the packages Haig allegedly told investigators he sold Paddock at the gun show.
But the only Balfour program on the list questions whether Israel should even exist.
(See “I Predict Trump Will Continue the CIA’s JFK Assassination Cover-Up” and “No Smoking Guns in the JFK Records?”)
Were the Ammonites and Moabites not kept out of the assembly of Israel because of their hatred of the people of God?
They lose the faith.
Also, as it was in the face of Nazism and communism, naiveté in the face of Islam is suicidal and very dangerous.
He doubled down, saying, “I have not heard any victim of Barros.
So, why were they targeted for assassination?
Haig did not mention the incendiary rounds -- which are meant to ignite what they hit -- in Friday's news conference.
PM Orban has done just that, too.
Later that year, Shivam Patel, 28, tried to join the U.S. Army and Air Force.
Note: To see the flashes you must view the video on ‘1080p’ and set it to ‘full screen’ and look between the two hotels (adjust the video speed to 25%.)
But how likely is that?
Israel will also do what is necessary to repel Iranian-backed forces if they edge too close to areas near the Golan Heights, shrinking the buffer between Israel and Iranian controlled territories.
Determined to quell any Catholic opposition to his moral subversion, Francis has slapped the label Authentic Magisterium® on his outrageous opinion that in “complex circumstances” wherein it is not “feasible” to live as brother and sister, two people who are not married can be admitted to Holy Communion without ceasing extra-marital sexual relations so long as they engage in an ill-defined “process of discernment.” As Father Brian Harrison has so trenchantly observed, this means that people embroiled in adultery can receive Holy Communion while they “discern” that they should not be receiving Holy Communion because they are embroiled in adultery.
Finally, the CIA made its request for secrecy to Trump at least several weeks ago.
Regime Change: The JFK... Jacob Hornberger Check Amazon for Pricing.
Vatican analysts now openly question whether he ‘gets it,’ and some of his own advisers privately acknowledge that maybe he doesn’t.”
As if the goal was to go back in time and erase the entire John Paul II/Benedict XVI period out of history.
He was served a notice to appear before a federal immigration judge, and will remain in ICE custody pending disposition of his immigration proceedings.
But there were scant details on what new commitments had been secured from Kim, even as Trump announced he would end the regular military exercises the US conducts with South Korea.
“He never even told me that he owned a gun,” continued the shooter’s neighbor, adding that Paddock did not express any religious or political opinions during their conversations.
TPM has published the photo above with Muhammad’s permission.
Trump’s professional reputation is already terrible, but everything counts.
He also said Hasan had died a martyr, though in fact he remains alive on military death row.
ISIS has claimed responsibility for the Vegas slaughter.
“Failure to abide,” the administration warned, “may result in suspension or revocation of the journalist’s hard pass.”
Following an appeal by Coccopalmerio, Francis reduced the priest’s penalty to a “lifetime of prayer,” with permission to say Mass privately, and a promise to stay away from children.
He is also Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) recipient with two extensions.
That means turning our country into a hopeless hellhole where the native population is overtaxed and terrorized by warring foreign gangs.
Notice #StephenPaddock‘s van was last parked right next to a security camera inside “Garage East” @MandalayBay.
Puerto Rico’s government has reported that roughly 10 percent of the islands 3.4 million United States citizens are without electricity Tuesday morning, an increase of about six percent from Monday.
They took it back, and tried to clarify the errors, but instead caused more confusion.
Though he’s “sticking with Francis” for now, Winters wrote, “I wish I knew what it was about Pope Francis that makes him fail to grasp the situation with Bishop Barros, the pain caused to the victims and the damage done to the church.
The pope, he said, seems “to censor and even mock” critics of Amoris Laetitia for their desire to interpret it in keeping with Catholic teaching, and in doing so is committing a “kind of calumny…alien to the nature of the Petrine ministry.”
Had Obama followed the Constitution and submitted the JCPOA to the Senate as a treaty in the first place, the JCPOA in its present form almost certainly would not have been approved.
Maciel Degollado, founder of the Legionaries of Christ.
In December 2015, Zakkout posted a photo of Israel Defense Forces (IDF) Chief of Staff Gadi Eizenkot, who is a decorated veteran of many different wars and battles fought by Israel over the last three-plus decades.
Bishop Fischer is the tenth prelate to sign the profession.
Your Holiness, a chronic confusion seems to mark your pontificate….
Weinandy resign his current position as a consultant to the U.S. bishops.
It says: “So picture Adam being able to crawl up on the back of a dinosaur!
Not to mention the fact that helicopters are not allowed to hover in the City of Las Vegas without a permit nor are they allowed to lurk behind buildings lower than their roof lines.
Chris Ferrara to Robert Fastiggi • 9 hours ago
The asteroid will pass within 6.5 million miles of the Earth, which is relatively close in space terms, but still around 27 times the distance of the moon.
“Creating confusion around important truths of our faith, no matter how positive the intention, only makes a difficult task more difficult.”
Or sacrilege either, I guess.
Any observer could be forgiven for believing that prosecution and defense both got the outcome they wanted.
In his letter, Fr.
Four people were shot dead in the first week of this year.
David Hickey, a spokesman for the Security, Police, and Fire Professionals of America (SPFPA), Campos’s union, said he got a text that Campos had been taken to an urgent care facility, UMC Quick Care.
As I write this, the outrage is doing the opposite of dying down, and is surely a sign of how fed up Catholics – even those who would never identify themselves as Traditionalists – have become with this pope and his cadre of episcopal bullies.
Weinandy has taught at both Oxford and the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome.
This, he says, is “bad for evangelization,” and in order to keep the pews full, the Church’s role should not be to deny communion to the divorced and remarried, but instead to ask, “What can the Catholic Church do to make the faithful able to receive sacraments?”
(…) If you do not understand this very quickly, you will become the victims of the enemy that you have invited into your home.” (August 9, 2014) “.
Khweis is an interesting case for numerous reasons.
Please, don’t start calling me Nostradamus.
They were due to speak at an English Defence League march in Woolwich, where Drummer Lee Rigby was killed.
But the 7-year-old is also a huge fan of the weekly Bible course at Princeton Primary, his public elementary school.
Meanwhile, Britain has a steadily lengthening record of admitting jihad preachers without a moment of hesitation.
He concludes the letter with this appeal: "Please Holy Father, don't be like the others.
No amount of verbal artifice can conceal what is happening in the Church thanks to AL: Public adulterers are being admitted to Holy Communion without an amendment of life and the bimillenial discipline of the Church---which John Paul insisted involves a moral norm, not a mere ecclesiastical law, to which everyone is bound in conscience “without exception”---is being overthrown in place after place.
Johnson appoints former CIA Director Allan Dulles, who Kennedy had fired as a result of the CIA’s regime-change operation at the Bay of Pigs, to the Warren Commission, thereby guaranteeing that there will be no investigation of the CIA.
A London borough – which has the highest percentage of Muslims in the UK – has voted to ban U.S. President Donald J. Trump for the area, declaring him a “bigot”.
Wouldn’t an assassin instead simply leave the rifle there and get out of there as soon as he could?
That is very important.
We do not expect the bad, the ill. We do not expect the abandonment of adoration in the Mass.
Trump didn’t add any rhetoric to his tweets.
Boudreau, a retired professor of education and former ombudsperson for students, however, said he understood why the students felt they were targeted because they are Jewish.
This appeared in the last Print-Edition of The Remnant.
The plague that’s airborne and has killed at least 124 people in Madagascar is now blamed on “dancing with corpses.” This is the time of year when the dead are wrapped in sheets and paraded through the streets while others dance around the bodies.
It is impossible for the Church to change its tradition.
An outcry followed, leading Fortier to appoint former Ombudsperson for Students, Spencer Boudreau, to investigate.
Justice was rendered, but it was not served.” Kate’s brother Brad was “stunned that they couldn’t even get him on using the weapon.”
Hasn't the Pope already apologised?
Whether nuclear disarmament is indeed the final outcome of Tuesday's summit won't be known for years, if not decades.
Lefebvre meets and speaks with the pope that perhaps the pope will change his mind.” Because [the pope] is not too sure; the pope is not man of true conviction.
The newest warning about the outbreak of the airborne pneumonic plague, or black death, in Madagascar has been released.
“There is no love – no charity – without truth, just as there is no real mercy separated from a framework of justice informed and guided by truth,” he wrote.
Horror that this man would do something like that."
It won’t take away Iran’s enriched uranium.
Now it appears that Francis had also overruled a 2015 warning from the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith that Barros should not be made a bishop.
Congress should now have the opportunity to revisit the JCPOA to determine whether the protections that the Obama administration promised are working as advertised.
Nowhere was this more evident than in the manner in which Trump described Iran’s repressive regime and attempts by the Iranian people to overthrow it through peaceful protest.
I asked them, “Why do you come to see me?” They told me that they had a meeting in the house of the Oblate of Maria with the priest who oversees young men who may have vocations to the priesthood in the Diocese of Paris.
Pope Francis has said in the past that dealing with abuse is vital for the Church's credibility and perpetrators must face "sanctions".
And their intentions to acquire uranium one.
David Duke, the white supremacist icon and former Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan, has been denounced by many as a hatemonger, and rightfully so.
And so Chris Bryant, “a senior Labour backbencher, has written to May urging her to go further, and issue an official ban on Donald Trump from entering the UK on the grounds he is condoning fascism and his presence is ‘not conducive to the public good’, a senior Labour MP has said.”
Raises mental health funding and increases the power to seize or ban guns under mental health concerns
Such a couple could always be absolved and receive Holy Communion under the Church’s constant practice, albeit privately to avoid scandal.
One day these priests, imbued with Masonic principles, will become bishops, and these bishops can then choose a pope.
We also know that it is a conclusive fact that there was more than one shooter, according to literally dozens of eyewitnesses who have continued to come forward with what they saw that fateful night.
That’s where the negotiations between Trump and the CIA come into play.
In yet another astonishing eyewitness report that contradicts the official story surrounding the worst mass shooting in American history, a married couple who were celebrating their 10th anniversary in Las Vegas at the time of the shooting have come forward to reveal that there was an active shooter inside the Bellagio Hotel around the same time that supposed lone gunman Stephen Paddock was found dead.
Fortunately, the spacecraft is healthy and functioning properly, although it is currently in hibernation.
This one pertains to an astonishing prophecy by Saint Francis of Assisi about a future occupant of the Chair of Peter:
The ADL described the video as “venomous.” In October 2015, Zakkout praised Duke, as “David Duke, a man to believe in!”
Unlike Stalin’s trials of the old Bolsheviks, and Fidel Castro’ trial of General Arnaldo Ochoa, this show trial aimed to establish innocence for the guilty, and the dynamics of the left were on full display.
Having followed Douthat and Faggioli’s ongoing dialogue on Twitter, I knew I was in for a lively, if predictable, conversation.
Bypassing the class left her vulnerable to bullying.
Black Death: ‘It’s 100 % Likely’ It Spreads To The UK And A ‘Ticking Time Bomb’ Ready To Decimate The World
Lew said he feels vindicated to some extent, but is concerned anti-Semitism is still a problem within student government.
The best thing to do if someone believes it’s the case is to come forward quickly with evidence.”
He also referred to Michel's ultimatum as unacceptable and shocking.
But we are not fools.
Just how nonsensical is demonstrated by Dr. Fastiggi’s claim that by “a move away from sin” in the case of a divorced and “remarried” couple Francis means their agreement to live in continence as brother and sister for the sake of children.
But it’s all a misunderstanding, say Dr. Robert Fastiggi, professor of Systematic Theology at Sacred Heart Major Seminary, and Dr.
Anti-jihadist activist Pamela Geller praised Orban for his honesty and wrote, "At last, a politician who speaks the truth about the Muslim invasion of Europe.
“We will fight those who want to change the Christian identity of Hungary and Europe,” Orban concluded.
She is moving forward with more orders to halt deportation of illegal aliens.Kritarch Saris just does not accept that the immigration courts found no basis for their claim of persecution, and there is no evidence that they would face persecution today.
That was Version No.
Now you are a priest, and you can say Mass for your uncle.” The new priest said, “No, never.” Why?
Barros has never denied having had a close friendship with Karadima.
New documents reveal the name of the second person of interest in the Las Vegas shooting.
(@New_England_) October 10, 2017
Second, he successfully made it to Syria via Turkey.
Check out the PREVIEW and Subscribe Today!
Last July, Major General Mohammad Bagheri, the Iranian Revolutionary Guards (IRGC) military commander and chief of staff of Iran’s armed forces, warned that “putting the Revolutionary Guard in the terrorist lists with terrorist groups can be very costly to the United States and its military bases and forces in the region.” IRGC commander Mohammad Ali Jafari said on October 8th that "if the news is correct about the stupidity of the American government in considering the Revolutionary Guards a terrorist group, then the Revolutionary Guards will consider the American army to be like Islamic State all around the world."
The informant, Douglas Campbell, said in the statement obtained by The Hill that he was told by Russian nuclear executives that Moscow had hired the American lobbying firm APCO Worldwide specifically because it was in position to influence the Obama administration, and more specifically Hillary Clinton.
In March, 2016, in the midst of the shouting from Rome, Bishop Davies spoke at his Chrism Mass said that only through the “reality of the Eucharist” could new vocations to the priesthood be found.
Yes, and so what?
But no plan is perfect.
It is impossible to do all this without God’s assistance.
We cannot give a definition of the man.
They will continue to shelter illegals and allow them to do as they please and dont care about the innocents hurt by them.
There are around three-and-a-half thousand doctors for 22 million people.
"It's hard to know if it was during planet formation or after the planet formation process," Fraser said during the show.
“Ah,” the Nuncio said to me, “Now it is impossible.” What did you do with the encyclical of Pope Pius XI, Quas Primas?
Philip Pullela, a reporter on the plane for Reuters, described it as “an extremely rare act of self-criticism,” for the “unusually contrite” Bergoglio, and noted that, “While the pope has vowed ‘zero tolerance’ for sexual abuse, his efforts have sputtered.”
The decision as to whether this country should engage in new post-ISIS wars in the Mideast, however, may be taken out of our hands.
If you legalize them, you move closer to legalizing all illegals.
And they know that Jesus Christ is present - His real presence is on the altar - by the attitude of the priest.
You are a slave to white America.”
Personal Liberty Poll Exercise your right to vote.
Ever thought that the academic discipline of history has gone to the Diversity dogs?
You guessed it!
She argued that the classes are character education based on biblical values, that they were not electives because West Virginia doesn’t offer electives in elementary or middle school and that even though the classes are funded by private donations, that doesn’t mean they should be taught during the instructional day.
Saris previously ordered a stay to the deportations.
And if He is God, we must give Him the adoration of God.
As he recounts here, after repeatedly “beseeching Jesus and Mary, St. Peter and all of the saintly popes who are buried there to do something to rectify the confusion and turmoil within the Church today, a chaos and an uncertainty that I felt Pope Francis had himself caused,” he asked for a minutely specific sign from heaven on whether he should write the letter: that the next day he would meet someone he had not seen in a very long time, would never expect to see in Rome, and was not from the United States, Canada or Great Britain, which person would utter the particular phrase: “Keep up the good writing.”
Just so we're all clear.
But among secular reporters the sex abuse issue trumps all others and the fallout continues to blaze down on the Bergoglian pontificate in response to his amazing accusation earlier this month that victims of sexual abuse by clergy were engaging in “calumny,” in their accusations against a Chilean bishop, Juan de la Cruz Barros Madrid.
There is a multitude of problems this pontificate has created or made worse that we will be dealing with for a long time after Bergoglio is gone, but perhaps one of the bigger ones will be the destruction of trust.
FOR THE FIRST TIME ONLINE: Archbishop Lefebvre’s Prophetic Address to The Remnant, 1976
That’s “far right”?
Even as the Myers scandal continues to simmer, the AJHS partnership with JVP is making the choice painfully clear.
To defend his position that remarried persons should be able to receive communion, Faggioli invoked the case of Germany, where 50 percent of Catholic marriages end in divorce.
Because now they are destroying the Church.
Reportedly removed from CDF – and of course lionized by “conservatives” – for his mild and equivocating opposition to Amoris Laetitia, Muller has gone back and forth in what can easily be seen as a desperate attempt to find friends in both camps.
And we have developed a very special bond," Trump said at the conclusion of the landmark summit.
But it is not our responsibility to bend a Pope’s statements into conformity with the Faith.
I understand what you’re telling me and I’m aware that the situation of the church in Chile is difficult due to the trials you’ve had to undergo.” The letter said that in 2014 the nuncio, Archbishop Scapolo, had asked Barros to resign as bishop of the armed forces and had “encouraged him to take a sabbatical year before assuming any other pastoral responsibility as a bishop.”
Perry added that ISIS warnings of a forthcoming attack on Las Vegas prior to the shooting make a terror link even more likely.
As for Barros’s general credibility as a Catholic bishop, the witness of the victims is damning.
He said almost exactly the same in 2013 when confronted about another predatory homosexual he was sheltering.
But Democratize SSMU was anything but democratic.
He gets to play matching games about Bible stories and listen to classic tales.
He faces up to 15 years in prison when sentenced June 4.
Yesterday’s State of the Union address issued by Donald Trump represented a refreshing break from the eight years of pusillanimous foreign policies pursued by past administration.
In his view, the government simply can’t go against the will of the people.
When we confess our sins and we truly say, “I have sinned in this”, the Lord forgets, and so we have no right not to forget, because otherwise we would run the risk of the Lord not forgetting our sins.
During the 2008 presidential election, conservatives questioned the indirect ties between Farrakhan and Obama, who attended a church that gave Farrakhan an award.
The region is an area NASA would also like to visit, preferably with a robot that would bring souvenir rock home to Earth for scientists to analyze directly in the laboratory.
That’s the information they seek to blackout.
One man died after picking up a hand grenade outside a subway station in a suburb of Stockholm.
These figures are from October 12, however, and the disease is spreading rapidly.
Garcia Zarate's defense attorneys argued that the shooting was an accident — they said he found the gun wrapped in a T-shirt or cloth under a pier bench and unintentionally discharged it.
The terms of office of its members expired December 17th.
The insults were not forgotten.
And Shapira, who “enjoys writing about people who have served in the military and intelligence communities” had an ethical duty to point out Helms’ proclivity for lying in his article.
And because he had an indiscretion with his Masonic appurtenances, the Pope sent him as a Nuncio in Iran.
As we detailed earlier, in a verdict that has shocked many in the Bay Area (and across America), a jury of six men and six women in sanctuary city San Francisco found illegal immigrant (and five-time deportee) Jose Ines Garcia Zarate not guilty in the death of Kate Steinle.
A day will come when the civilized world will deny its God, when the Church will doubt as Peter doubted.
Right off the bat, this appears to be clear bribery, and a case could be made for treason.
“We don’t want to put them on a ship back unless someone has had chance to look at if there’s a really bad situation for them,” Saris said.
Schools and universities have been closed with a ban issued on public gatherings, such as the tradition of “dancing with the dead” which has been partially blamed for the disease’s spread.
Officials warn that it’s inevitable that this bacterial infection that’s infected over 2000 people will become resistant to antibiotics.
I ask them, why do you come to Econe?
You have frequently encouraged… all persons, especially bishops, to speak their mind and not be fearful of what the pope may think.
In the view of Gonzalez, society is progressing toward a social justice paradise ruled by a wise elite that knows what’s best for all.
None other than Francis appointed Fr.
Slowly but surely we are beginning to see the truth about the horrific attack come to light despite authorities desperately trying to prevent it from reaching the American people.
are available from Amazon.com.
And yes, I call it the cut-of-his-jib test quite deliberately.
Campbell claims to have video evidence of bribe money related to the Uranium One deal being stuffed into suitcases.
The outbreak is considered a much bigger threat to the region than in previous years because it has taken on its pneumonic form.
They want the Bible class out of the school day.
The liberal principles have entered the Church now, and they destroy the Church.
Weinandy made a point of stating that he is not signatory to the Filial Correction or any other public declaration against Pope Francis’ agenda.
And Dan Fishback is flooding the media with #BDStears.
They don't get another new and illegal set of hearings and appeals just because some minor kritarch wants something.
I think that because in the Second Vatican Council, and after the Council, there is a mutation, a change, in the Church.
Yet conscience can do more than recognize that a given situation does not correspond objectively to the overall demands of the Gospel.
And the interstellar object will continue to spin for billions of years as it journeys through space, scientists have reported in a study published in Nature Astronomy.
On top of that, we have questions as to whether the body was even that of Stephen Paddock, given the fact that certain elements of the Paddock in the preliminary police report, which mentioned the autopsy, are apparently at odds with the Paddock of other documentation.
North Korea’s aggressive pursuit of nuclear weapons and of intercontinental ballistic missiles equipped with nuclear warheads proves that weak agreements full of front-loaded goodies rewarding rogue regimes for elusive promises are worthless.
Consider what is happening in Syria.
What is the Nation of Islam?
See what else you missed.
I handed him a box with the ammunition in it, and he paid me and he left."
So, I ask you to pray for these seminarians because when they become priests they will have many worries and many difficulties.
"We don't like you 'rigid' Catholics!"
Las Vegas Massacre Coverup: Clark County Coroner Releases 58 Autopsy Reports With All Names Redacted, No Ballistics, And No Stephen Paddock Autopsy
The audio recordings, taken from the night of the October 1st massacre that left 58 dead and over 500 injured, are further proof that multiple shooters were used throughout the area, a fact that directly contradicts the official story.
Moreover, any Pope who promulgates a document that can be read as orthodox only by a forced interpretation imposed by certain readers—while others disagree—has by that very fact inflicted grave harm upon on the Church, which he alone has the duty to correct.
In 2003 Gonzalez ran for mayor of San Francisco but lost to Gavin Newsom.
The letter is not from the dubia cardinals, or from the more than 800,000 signers of the 2015 Filial Appeal, or from the signatories of the Filial Correction, but from a group of Islamic converts to Catholicism, who want Francis to answer a simple question: why did they literally risk their lives to become Catholic if Islam is “a good religion in itself” as the pope “seems to teach”?
THE PHOTO THAT NEVER SAW THE LIGHT OF DAY: OBAMA WITH FARRAKHAN IN 2005 By Esme Cribb | Talking Point Memo January 25, 2018 2:16 pm
The caller mentioned how some people in the crowd were warned 45 minutes before the shooting that they were going to die, suggesting that this was evidence of a wider plot and not a “lone wolf” attack.
Furthermore, Orban has also called out the man behind the curtain in a lot of the promoting of this Muslim invasion of the West, George Soros.
The Daily Sheeple’s Joe Joseph breaks it down for those who don’t closely follow the sun’s changes.
Fourth – tear down a wall on them so they die under that.
Subject to the receipt of further information, I will be allowing, as President, the long blocked and classified JFK FILES to be opened.” (Italics added.)
A 28-year-old man has been sentenced to 20 years in prison after he was convicted of providing material support to the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), the Justice Department said Friday.
Meanwhile, Trump’s behavior has been as erratic as ever.
“I have nothing to prove to anyone, I simply shared my story.
Designating the IRGC as a terrorist organization and imposing new sanctions for its aggressive actions in the region is not a restoration of the sanctions lifted by the Obama administration as part of its disastrous nuclear deal with Iran.
Kritarch Patti Saris
About the clip, on Facebook, Zakkout wrote above it, “Makes a lot of sense!” Of course, this is coming from someone [Zakkout] who regularly refers to Jews as “monkeys and pigs,” and in February 2016, circulated on social media a report claiming that “the Holocaust was faked.” The report calls the Holocaust “the biggest lie ever foisted upon humanity” and was produced by a media outlet which describes Hitler as “the greatest leader in modern Western history.”
Beyond these considerations, I wish to express a personal concern I have about Mr. Ferrara's standing in the Catholic Church.
The CIA’s cover-up in the JFK assassination was even more brilliant and ingenious.
Saris like many other Federal judges does not like our current immigration system and wants another system more to her liking.
Haig also said that he received death threats after his name was revealed this week.
She is currently weighing whether she can order a longer delay to give the affected people time to renew their efforts to gain legal status.
We fear that your silence now, in the face of this latest papal travesty, may suggest consent to the claim that Amoris Laetitia is magisterial, and thus prove more damaging than if you had never raised your voice at all.
Although Arbenz was able to escape the country, the CIA’s regime-change operation was a total success, with Arbenz being replaced by the pro-U.S. Gen. Carlos Castillo Armas, who proceeded to instigate a reign of terror across Guatemala.
Hospitals have been forced to prioritize patients, ration services, and forgo elective surgeries.
Haig told the AP on Tuesday that he sold unspecified ammunition to Paddock.
This helps explain why Iran has placed so much importance on helping the Syrian regime establish control over the Deir ez-Zor area in eastern Syria, near the Iraqi border.
Fourth – tear down a wall on them so they die under that.
The uproar over this caused the Italian prosecutors to reopen the case against the priest, and eventually Inzoli went to prison and was laicized.
That wasn’t entirely a Trump mistake.
But many people say that we disobey.
I do not even raise the subject of TVEL to our friends, but occasionally they speak of it and always in a guarded manner.” In the briefs, he informed the FBI that “occasionally someone will mention having been in Iran but usually it is long after the fact.” And when he asked the Russians about these connections, he stated that they “occasionally speak of the relationship, i.e.
Jewish students have already faced plenty of harassment and hate at McGill.
I believe nothing other than what the Church has believed for twenty centuries.
Last month, once again, Zakkout chose to showcase this work by posting four consecutive Duke videos on his (Zakkout’s) personal Facebook page.
It is very difficult to understand the situation today.
"The presidency of Fidesz has discussed yesterday the announcement of the Belgian Prime Minister, that they will – if necessary with force – obligate Central European countries, including Hungary, to accept migrants,” Orban stated.
More critical, in Trump's telling, was the development of a personal bond with Kim, a brutal dictator responsible for the deaths not only of his own citizens but of at least one American, Otto Warmbier, who was returned to the US in a coma only to die days later.
You do not like to beat around the bush, and neither do we, so allow us to say frankly that we do not understand your teaching about Islam, as we read in paragraphs 252 and 253 of Evangelii Gaudium, because it does not account for the fact that Islam came AFTER Christ, and so is, and can only be, an Antichrist (see 1 Jn 2.22), and one of the most dangerous because it presents itself as the fulfillment of Revelation (of which Jesus would have been only a prophet).
Italians care about getting a general picture of what’s going on, where Anglo-Saxons are considered weirdly obsessed with trivial details.
He’s the heroic security guard that allegedly located the Las Vegas shooter, Steven Paddock.
As to Paddock’s motive, still nothing from the investigation.
Let's unpack this knapsack of entitled nonsense.
This, though, is not what AL is saying.
Something dreadful obviously went wrong with that part of the operation because the official investigation into it was quickly shut down during the early post-assassination period.
The pneumonic plague has already infected 2,000 in Madagascar and killed 143 in the country’s worst outbreak in 50 years.
Among the earliest indications Catholics had that the new pope had no intention of getting to the bottom of the priest-abuser problem was his appointment of the notorious homosexual, Monsignor Battista Ricca, as head of the Vatican Bank and the man in charge of his own residence, the Casa Santa Martha.
The Alta Vendita was the highest lodge of the Carbonari, an Italian secret society with links to Freemasonry and which, along with Freemasonry, was condemned by the Popes.
Whatever definition that one might put on that nebulous term, no reasonable person can honestly believe that the release of 50-year-old records are going to result in the United States falling into the ocean or even that the communists are going to take over the federal government.
Thus, when Oswald was claiming that he was being framed, there could be only one entity that he could have been thinking about: the CIA, the agency whose officials, as former Washington Post investigative reporter Jefferson Morley has documented, were secretly monitoring his activities in the weeks leading up to the assassination, no doubt to ensure that Oswald had not figured out what was about to happen to him.
In this case the marriage valid before God would be the second one and the pastor could grant the sacrament, certainly with the appropriate precautions as not to scandalize the community of the faithful and not to weaken the conviction of marriage indissolubility.
A back-and-forth ensued over the weekend.
“We fully expect this tradition will continue.”
I put her in various positions and take pictures of her,’” Franken was quoted saying.
The undercover client witnessed “a lot of bribery going on around the U.S.” but was asked by the FBI to sign a nondisclosure agreement (NDA) that prevents him from revealing what he knows to Congress, Toensing explained.
The Pope Is Now Openly Attacking Child Sexual Abuse Victims For “Slander”
Though the order was issued on Tuesday, Fudenberg conferred with others and seems determined to not release the autopsy report until, as he said, it is "finalized," The Las Vegas Review-Journal reported, which sued for the autopsy report.
Are they for real?
Sadikov made light of his “punch a Zionist” tweet calling it a “misguided joke.” It does not appear that Sadikov was subjected to any form of school disciplinary action despite the fact that his call for violence violated McGill’s Code of Conduct.
‘Suicide Note’ Seen in Vegas Shooter’s Hotel Room
You really don't need to know anything.
I don't have evidence to convict."
Fastiggi’s exchange with Ferrara concerning “More Fake News: La Stampa Tries Again.”
This one is not good.
On the one hand, it knows that those records will further implicate the CIA in the Kennedy assassination.
In fact, three attempts within an 18-month period were quashed.
The few bishops with sufficient spine to stand up to the pressure of both Rome and their own national conferences – newly empowered with directives to make doctrinal declarations – will be ruling embattled islands of Catholicism in a poisoned sea of systematic heresy and desecration.
You have to rally and find ways of opposing what you don’t like.”
Posted on LifeSiteNews:
But the oncoming rainy season could see the number of those infected explode exponentially.
They are the men who destroy the Church.
According to Zakkout, who sits on the boards of two anti-crime groups, Anderson’s declaration “makes a lot of sense.” With statements like this from Zakkout and worse, why would groups committed to fighting crime continue to compromise themselves and sabotage their mission by affiliating with him?
He groped me, without my consent, while I was asleep.
The Church has seen a number of Popes who have abused their power, Alexander VI being the most popularly known example.
The campaign seized on the emails to undermine Trump’s rival, Hillary Clinton.
Because they are afraid.
Barros will remain there if I don’t find a way to condemn him.
We therefore instinctively see lying as a betrayal of trust.
Language counts in politics, and a pope using that term means he is by implication starting the discussion – and his pontificate – by aligning himself with the basic tenets of a movement that is violently opposed to Catholic moral teaching, and in direct opposition to his immediate, and still living, predecessor.
I told Elena and Johnny, “stay close to me, we are not running out, stay calm, there is one person in charge — where I go, you follow, no matter what.” […] About this time, there was starting to be a lot more activity through the casino and now the reports suggested there was active multiple terrorists moving through the hotel shooting guest.
“The White House’s interaction is, and generally should be, subject to a natural give-and-take,” Ms. Sanders wrote on Monday, suggesting that the onus was on the press corps to ensure that a “code of conduct” did not become necessary.
With a professional confidence trickster on the papal throne, blatantly using lies and manipulation to maintain power and ram through an agenda at radical variance with Catholic doctrine, how long before that predictable disintegration occurs?
And there is widespread support for the classes: Parents and community members help raise nearly $500,000 a year to pay for the Bible in the Schools program.
Buy Silver at Discounted Prices
@Theresa_May, don’t focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom.
Following the Parkland shooting, many surviving students had lobbied politicians for greater gun control.
The signers, however, are not dissuaded in their pursuit of a paternal answer:
Jewish groups had criticized Boudreau’s report, saying it ignored anti-Semitic language used on Facebook by a group called Democratize SSMU.
If Muslims sincerely condemn jihad terror and sharia oppression, they shouldn’t oppose him.
He was formally indicted by a grand jury on Wednesday on 34 counts, including 17 counts of premeditated first-degree murder and 17 counts of attempted first-degree murder.
The Catholic Encyclopedia defines a papal rescript as follows: "Rescripts are responses of the pope or a Sacred Congregation, in writing, to queries or petitions of individuals.
If the Mass were ever reduced in our minds to being merely a commemorative meal and the priest as only a community leader or functionary, then the celibacy of the Catholic Priesthood might seem extravagant.”
As it turns out, security guard Jesus Campos was actually shot BEFORE Paddock opened fire on the concert crowd below his 32nd floor hotel suite.
[F]aithful Catholics can only be disconcerted by your choice of some bishops, men who seem not merely open to those who hold views counter to Christian belief but who support and even defend them.
But, returning to your question more concretely.
The bishops of the Catholic Church are much more concerned that you believe that Islam is a religion of peace than that you believe in, say, the Nicene Creed.
For Hurt, Bible in the Schools, which has been in the public schools here in one form or another since 1939, is simply a way for students to further their knowledge.
"He wishes there was some clue that could have identified him," Victor said.
When asked about Farrakhan’s history of anti-Semitic comments, Davis was dismissive and said that many people in politics have a history of inflammatory comments.
We thank God for the courage you've shown in defending His Church thus far, and we pray he will continue to bless and protect you as you do what must now be done.
Go into your report.”
Shock: Black Death Patients Are ESCAPING The Hospital Over Fear Of Needles As Officials Worry Plague Could Spread
Meanwhile, Britain has a steadily lengthening record of admitting jihad preachers without a moment of hesitation.
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump formally notified Congress on Tuesday that deputy CIA director Gina Haspel is his pick to lead the agency.
Then scandals will be multiplied, our Order will be divided, and many others will be entirely destroyed, because they will consent to error instead of opposing it.
He said the pope is…
One of the victims made clear his disgust at Pope Francis for essentially covering up for a man who watched as another bishop sexually abused him.
I hope it will be eventually."
Guy Cecil, the former head of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee and now the boss of a leading Democratic super PAC, voiced his frustration with the inadequacy of Franken’s apology on Twitter.
This year, health officials report the infections started much earlier than usual, and they’re occurring in new areas, including urban settings.
— A Guatemalan man, wanted by law enforcement authorities in his home country for killing a store owner, was removed Thursday by deportation officers.
In recent days, CNN has interviewed dozens of people that worked on Capitol Hill, and almost every single one of them had stories of sexual harassment to share…
How is it possible the pope signed this decree?
Sorry Austen, we didn’t think of it as we were being abused and Juan Barros watching.”
It’s open season on the opposition.
How can you speak of peace and endorse Islam, as you seem to do: “To wring from our hearts the disease that plagues our lives (…) Let those who are Christians do it with the Bible and those who are Muslims do it with the Quran.
I think they refuse [to grant me an audience with] the pope, [because they are afraid of the Truth].
In a commentary for the Charleston Gazette-Mail, White wrote that “the Bible in the schools program in Mercer County is being sustained on a foundation of lies.”
Don’t forget, after all, that that’s what Oswald said.
Well, I refused, because I refuse to contribute to the destruction of the Church.
Oswald is immediately arrested.
According to Debkafile, this constitutes “the first military facility Iran has ever established openly in Iraq.” The Kirkuk region holds 45 percent of Iraqi’s oil.
I think that the mutation in the Church came in through the Second Vatican Council.
The IFRC said it’s introducing the same “safe and dignified” burial methods used in West Africa during the 2014 Ebola epidemic.
"St. Francis in Ecstacy", Caravaggio, 1595
A statement Wednesday by Hillel McGill, Chabad at McGill and three other Jewish groups said Boudreau was mistaken about the timing of an anti-Semitic message posted online by Democratize SSMU.
“He can’t disclose anything that he came upon in the course of his work,” she said.
The Guardian reported Thursday that “Chris Bryant, a senior Labour backbencher,” has written to British prime minister Theresa May, urging her to “issue an official ban on Donald Trump from entering the UK on the grounds he is condoning fascism and his presence is ‘not conducive to the public good.'”
“It wounded many people who were abused…I ask them for forgiveness because I wounded them without realizing it, but it was an unintended wound.
I would like to hear more of that kind of talk from America's representatives.
They close the sexual act to the gift of life.
Some locals believe the whole plague is some kind of a government conspiracy, and say they have no intention of forgoing the ritual known as “famadihana.” They say they will continue to dance with the dead and intend to honor their ancestors.
‘Cause God’s blessing them?
It was certainly never a secret that Errázuriz was a close, like-minded friend and collaborator of then-Cardinal Bergoglio, the kingpin of South American Catholicism.
True love for the Church, indeed true charity toward Francis himself, requires of them nothing less than what was required of Saint Paul when the first Pope fell into error that jeopardized the very mission of the Church: that Peter be withstood to his face (Gal.
The product that I sold him had absolutely nothing to do with what he did.”
I'm not all that concerned with students working toward a major in poetry, media studies or some of the more ridiculous courses some colleges offer.
Has the move been welcomed?
“In Pope Francis’s 21 years as bishop and archbishop of Buenos Aires, the Wall Street Journal reports, including the years when he headed the Argentine bishops’ conference, he declined to meet with victims of sexual abuse.”
Australia's nationhood is not a matter of belief.
Trump formally nominates Gina Haspel to be next CIA director
I would imagine this outrageous overreach of papal authority on the Pope's part would make it ominously clear to Cardinal Burke that the time has come to issue his public correction of Pope Francis's erroneous teaching.
“I definitely do believe that there was 100% more than one shooter, every other person that I’ve talked to that did unfortunately get hit as well, have all said the same things,” Palermo detailed.
Haig is a 55-year-old aerospace engineer who sold ammunition as a hobby for about 25 years.
That’s right, Pope Francis ended his trip by publicly defending a bishop who victims have accused of covering up widespread pedophilia in the country.
According to the Daily Mail, experts warn the outbreak of plague in Madagascar this year is being fueled by a strain more lethal than the one which usually strikes the country.
"Haig is likely a CIA cut-out who is just upholding the public narrative in conjunction with the FBI Las Vegas and the LVMPD."
Garcia Zarate was found guilty of illegal firearms possession, which carries a sentence of 16 months to three years.
In that case, it would be imperative that the CIA and the military keep as tight a lid on their records as possible to ensure that investigators or investigative reporters would have a difficult time piercing through to the circumstantial evidence that establishes the frame-up.
And WikiLeaks said on Twitter that it was “willing to bet the Guardian a million dollars and its editor’s head that Manafort never met Assange.” It later tweeted that Assange had instructed his lawyers to sue the Guardian for libel.
Juan Carlos Cruz, told the press in 2015 that he and another boy – both in their teens at the time – “would lie down on the priest’s [Karadima’s] bed, one resting his head at the man’s shoulder, another sitting near his feet.
Patel agreed to bring it by, but two days later he told the State Department he had accidentally thrown it away in October and needed a new one.
Whoever greets him participates in his evil works.” (2 John 1.10-11); “If anyone preaches to you a different Gospel, let him be accursed!” (Galatians 1.8-9)
His “secret” was intact.
And in case anyone was wondering what will happen next, the same advice said to keep on lying after you’re caught.
HANNITY: John, you go into extensive detail in a very long and hard-hitting piece tonight and revealing piece, how the FBI informant — you actually said six years, I thought he was only an informant for four years.
The main difference between asteroids and comets is their composition.
We are simply asked to take the pope’s word for it, but given that it follows his astoundingly brazen lie that there was no evidence for Ricca’s homosexual activity in the first place, we can take the assurance for what it seems to be worth.
With the lifting of the nuclear-related sanctions making available billions of dollars to Iran’s leaders to further finance the IRGC’s exploits in Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, Yemen and elsewhere, the regime is furious that the Trump administration is tightening the financial screws again, even if for reasons not directly related to Iran’s compliance with the terms of the nuclear deal.
Are we about to see a serious shakedown in all of this?
Now, using its Long Range Reconnaissance Imager (LORRI), the spacecraft has photographed several Kuiper Belt objects (KBOs) and dwarf planets at unique angles.
They only wanted to come here and help the EDL stir up more trouble.
While our "allies" and adversaries have vital interests there, we do not.
"It was restudied.
"I couldn't detect anything wrong with this guy," he said of Paddock.
It strikes me, however, that everybody — Catholic or not — has a dog in this fight, which is about more than communion and canon law.
That is not for us to judge, although the Church may­ well issue a judgment of Francis like that of the posthumous anathema of Honorius­­ I.
Nobody has been able to refute the publication.
Kim was cheered by onlookers who caught sight of the dictator, who until earlier this spring was not believed to have ever left North Korea as supreme leader.
“That’s because nearly every threat to peace and security in the Middle East is connected to Iran’s outlaw behavior.
Therefore, we encourage the US Administration and Congress to consider the implications to the security of the US and its allies before taking any steps that might undermine the JCPOA, such as re-imposing sanctions on Iran lifted under the agreement.”
“I don’t believe this is consistent with what the court ordered,” said Las Vegas attorney Maggie McLetchie, who represents the Las Vegas Review-Journal and The Associated Press in their November action demanding the release of the reports.
Do not all those ignorant critics of AL know that the Latin text employs the phrase “obiectivum exemplar,” which, translated literally into English is “objective exemplar.” They declare triumphantly: “The Latin term exemplar does not mean an unattainable ideal, it specifically means a pattern or model to follow.”
Second – burn them to death.
Investigators say Paddock died of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Complicating vector control is the fact that the fleas that carry the Yersinia pestis bacteria that causes the plague have proven to be widely resistant to chemicals and insecticides.
Franken later said he did not remember taking the picture but "felt badly" that Menz felt disrespected.
We will fight those who want to change the Christian identity of Hungary and Europe.”
If Oswald is in the rear and since shots are fired from the front, that could mean only one thing: that Oswald had confederates firing from the front.
Jeff begins the interview by making clear his belief that there were multiple active shooters targeting different places in Las Vegas on the night of the attack.
We cannot remain in this seminary.” So, they came to meet me.
Moreover, that person has to say to me, ‘Keep up the good writing’.” Weinandy said, exactly that happened the next day, in a chance meeting with an archbishop he’d known a long time ago but not seen for over twenty years, who congratulated him for a book on the Incarnation and then said the right words, “Keep up the good writing.” “There was no longer any doubt in my mind that Jesus wanted me to write something,” Weinandy said.
It's time for the #BDStears crowd to examine their entitlement and recognize that what's good for the goose is good for the gander.
Haig said he sold 720 rounds of surplus US military tracer ammunition to Paddock at his home in September after Paddock approached him or an associate at gun shows.
New Horizons was even further away from Earth than the Voyager 1 space probe when it turned towards the Earth on 14 February 1990 and took a picture of a tiny dot.
MONTREAL – It was political disagreement — not anti-Semitism — that led to a Jewish student being voted off the McGill University student council’s board of directors, an investigation ordered by the principal has concluded.
He has genuinely reached out his hand to help Christian migrants instead of Muslim migrants and he seems to be one that holds to the Christian faith, as emulated by the Protestant Reformers, saying, "That which serves the glory of God is the best for the people."
Small wonder: Poulet, who died in 2014 at the age of 94, belonged to the “worker-priest” movement that none other than Pius XII had condemned, as I note here.
At the end of a long career as Europe’s leading “liberal” Catholic prelate, Danneels came under a cloud of scandal when he was accused of having covered for a protégé bishop who admitted to having sexually abused his own minor nephew.
And calls for help have gone unanswered besides the few willing to travel to the devastated island privately.
One month after the devastating Hurricane Maria wreaked havoc on the island of Puerto Rico, the territory is still facing a public health crisis.
The criminal gang Loyal to Familia has already spread across Denmark from its base in the Nørrebro district of Copenhagen and now it appears to have set its sights on Sweden.
An estimated 329 of these cases and 25 of the deaths were in the capital city of Antananarivo.
HELMS: Mr. Belin, this question, and I think you may recall this, was raised at the time and the Agency was never able to find any evidence whatsoever, and we really searched that it had any contact with Lee Harvey Oswald.
Can we doubt that it was indeed an apostolic mandate?
The profession’s most recent signatory, Bishop Marian Eleganti, O.S.B., is a monk of the abbey of the Missionary Benedictines in St. Otmarsberg in Uznach, located in the canton of St. Gallen, Switzerland.
He thinks we are politically motivated even though we come from different parishes in Osorno and are doing this because we are against priests being allowed to abuse children.”
The documents did not disclose why authorities considered Haig a person of interest, and officials haven't said whether he has since been cleared of that designation.
“At 10pm they closed every exit on Las Vegas Blvd, every single one.
Trenton’s parents also find it hard to see why there would be objections.
They’re on the airport property” pic.twitter.com/HZf3LBeAgk — Mike Tokes (@MikeTokes) October 29, 2017
There are very few “conservative” Catholics in the Vatican journalist pool.
Trump's move to meet him attracted fierce criticism for normalizing a regime routinely called out for its human rights abuses, that over years has built an image of fearsome renegade regime, throwing around threats of nuclear war.
Haig, 55, appeared in court Friday and was released on his own recognizance with specific conditions not spelled out in court proceedings.
“The coroner’s office has fought to keep autopsy reports confidential,” the Review-Journal.
Sweden will do whatever it takes, including sending in the army, to end a wave of gang violence that has seen a string of deadly shootings, Prime Minister Stefan Lofven said in Wednesday.
Lewis’s assessment of the claims by Christ of His own divinity, this pope was either mad, bad or telling the plain truth.
Think about how the U.S. national-security establishment treats what it suspects are communists or traitors.
See the piece by Joseph Shaw in this regard.
The district declined a request to observe one of the classes.
Targeted liquidation operations by our Israeli allies against Iranian Quds Force leaders were foiled after Obama tipped off Tehran on Israel’s intentions.
There are obviously certain things that the FBI and other investigators seem intent on covering up.
As for the Iran’s supposed technical compliance with its commitments under the nuclear deal itself, known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), the UN’s international inspectors are not able to visit Iran’s military sites.
The postings can be rivaled only by Zakkout’s own documented bigotry.
It is evident that all of the reforms came from the Council.
“Meantime, investigators are still trying to figure out whether Paddock acted alone.
So, President Kennedy has been assassinated.
He explained such a “blessing” would encourage people to continue living in a way the Church considers gravely sinful and spiritually damaging, and therefore would be uncharitable.
This is the first question.
“For those who find it appealing, it is a form of radical black self love that is willing to challenge any potential impediment to black freedom,” Mr. Curtis said.
I would be surprised now if we were not see more of this sort of letter/exercise of conscience.
But UMC Quick Care says none of their clinics filled out an intake request for a patient by that name, and Campos has been silent since the text; vanishing into thin air.
Hiram Sasser, a lawyer at the firm, said the district’s main objective is to allow the Bible course to remain as an elective while making sure it complies with the law.
Perhaps, I don’t know.
In fact – and this point has tended to get glossed over in the press – Barros is accused by the victims of having been in the room, watching at the time, and of engaging in sexual activity with Karadima.
Sara, is that true?
Louis Farrakhan, the 84-year-old head of the Nation of Islam, has been back in the headlines after a previously unreleased photo of him with President Barack Obama was published in January and Mr. Farrakhan gave an anti-Semitic speech at his organization’s annual convention last month.
An incredulous Carlson asked fellow guest Catherine Lombardo, a lawyer representing families affected by the tragedy, about the law enforcement investigation into the shooting.
Trump frequently villainized Garcia Zarate and cited Steinle's death during his presidential campaign, using the case to bolster his argument for a border wall and aid his crusade against "sanctuary cities."
Islam prescribes death for apostates (Quran 4.89, 8.7-11), do you know?
I am a Catholic, I shall remain Catholic, and I do everything possible for the Council and the Catholics in our country.”
However, Marx said on February 3 that homosexual couples need “closer pastoral care” and “one must also encourage priests and pastoral workers to give people in concrete situations [of homosexual unions] encouragement.
As the sun gets successively more blank with each day, due to lack of sunspots, it is also dimming, says the website Watts Up With That?
But these young men refuse to become protestants.
Newly released audio from the Clark County Fire Department has provided even more proof that there were multiple shooters during The Las Vegas Massacre, further debunking the official narrative of a lone gunman on the 32nd floor and once again calling into question almost every aspect of what actually happened during the worst mass shooting in American history.
One can only hope that Fortier takes the issue seriously and conducts a proper investigation, which leads to disciplinary action.
Coincidentally, the photo of Mr. Farrakhan and Mr. Obama had been published by the Trice Edney News Wire in January.
Meanwhile, the UK banned three bishops from areas of Iraq and Syria where Christians are persecuted from entering the country.
In fact, the downdraft appears to be constant from 10:13-10:16 p.m. and not intermittent as if several choppers had just passed overhead.
Instead, a panel of experts concluded that fired missile fragments show components from an Iranian company, but they have ‘no evidence as to the identity of the broker or supplier.’ Asked about Haley’s claim that Iran is the culprit, Sweden’s ambassador to the UN said, ‘The info I have is less clear.’ Analysts from the U.S. Department of Defense speaking to reporters at Haley’s speech openly acknowledged that they do not know the missiles’ origin.
From the very start of his trial, Khweis said he regretted his actions and said his decision to join ISIS in December 2015 was a drunken one.
Last year, Bishop Adam (in our Diocese of Sion, Switzerland) ordained one priest for my Congregation of the Holy Ghost Fathers.
One of them was welcomed by the Archbishop of Canterbury.
NORFOLK, Va. — While texting with an FBI informant in September 2016, a Williamsburg man expressed admiration for a U.S. Army officer who shot and killed 13 soldiers on Fort Hood, Texas, according to court documents.
The cardinal’s staff asked that CNA change his answer about liturgically “blessing” gay unions to: “There are no general solutions and I think that would not be right, because we are talking about pastoral care for individual cases, and that applies to other areas as well, which we cannot regulate, where we have no sets of rules.”
White holds the school board and leadership responsible for spreading what she says is a false sense of what the Bible in the Schools program is and does.
If Hillary Clinton were in office, we'd all be in danger.
Before Trump discussed Iran’s breaches of the nuclear deal, he first demonstrated that contrary to the expressed views of his top advisers, it is impossible to limit a realistic discussion of the threat Iran constitutes to US national security and interests to whether or not and it what manner it is breaching the nuclear accord.
Regardless of the fact that Haley misrepresented the U.N. report in question, it appears the entire premise of the U.N. report is almost completely incorrect, anyway, according to former inspector Scott Ritter.
“By 10:14 much larger crowds of people can be seen streaming through the area to escape the massacre going on,” Carlson reported.
Instead, it is a virtual certainly that when Art of the Deal Trump sent out those two tweets, he was sending a message to the CIA as part of the negotiations: Give me what I want or I will release the records.
Some days later, the Las Vegas police backed away from that timeline, and stated that the security guard actually arrived 6 minutes before Paddock started shooting into the crowd 32 stories below him.
If this is so, then it would suggest that Mr. Ferrara is refusing submission to the Roman Pontiff and communion with the members of the Church subject to him.
Here you have the President of the United States of America saying that a man could marry a man?… Are we sleeping?
“As if I could have taken a selfie or a photo while Karadima abused me and others and Juan Barros stood by watching it all,” tweeted Juan Carlos Cruz.
This was the first time a pope had ever used the political term “gay”.
Cardinal O'Malley, whose spokesman referred requests for comment to the Vatican, has earned respect for his work in tackling sex abuse by clergy in Boston.
... Campbell added in the testimony that Russian nuclear officials “told me at various times that they expected APCO to apply a portion of the $3 million annual lobbying fee it was receiving from the Russians to provide in-kind support for the Clintons' Global Initiative."
• Email: ghamilton@nationalpost.com | Twitter: grayhamilton
But when it comes to Israel, there’s only one perspective.
This is possible?
LAS VEGAS (INTELLIHUB) — Newly released footage of the October 1 massacre posted on YouTube by the NICK VEGAS channel appears to confirm what Intellihub’s founder and editor-in-chief Shepard Ambellas pointed out in late October when he presented evidence of the strategic air assault on The Alex Jones Show in great detail.
If Dr. Fastiggi wishes to continue to pretend, despite a growing mountain of evidence, that Pope Francis has not in fact approved of the admission of public adulterers to Holy Communion--just as he did when Archbishop of Buenos Aires, and just as he did with the woman he telephoned in Argentina—then I cannot help him.
During the trial, former vice presidential candidate Matt Gonzalez claimed that Garcia Zarate’s background and nationality played a role in his prosecution.
So much is written about the gay lobby.
Now I said to the [Secretary], “As I speak with you now about Columbia, I know that you are the one responsible for the change in the constitution of Valais in Switzerland one year ago.
Later, during his news conference, Trump said Warmbier's death contributed to the summit taking place.
By empowering Congress to prohibit economic cooperation with Iran, Trump put the Europeans, Chinese and Russians on notice that they may soon face a choice between conducting business with the US and conducting business with Iran.
When Arnold complained, the professor said they'd reexamine the assignment, but did not concede that Australia was a country.
And while the bumbling FBI has dismissed out of hand jihad as a motive, here is what we know:
The Indonesian Christian, facing mounting pressure to report to Immigration and Customs Enforcement, took refuge Friday night inside the Reformed Church of Highland Park.
Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.
In an interview yesterday with John Allen’s Crux, he added, more prophetically than he had perhaps intended, “I don’t think anyone can, or should, associate my letter with the USCCB or the American bishops.
It allows school personnel to be armed, subject to school district approval and specialist training
“You are not now, nor have you ever been a citizen of America.
Please help support us with cryptocurrency donations.
Records relating to Paddock were not being provided.
Hide Caption 24 of 30 Photos: Mass shooting at Las Vegas music festival Police officers advise people to take cover in the wake of the shooting.
And even if the pope is not a Freemason, he will have the same ideals as the Freemasons.
I would like to thank Christopher Ferrara again for calling attention to an article I co-authored with Dr. Goldstein in La Stampa.
That’s right, photographic evidence from inside the hotel parking garage has confirmed that the FBI, along with state and local police, specifically lied about key details of the shooting.
Las Vegas Shooting Victim: “There Was 100% More Than One Shooter,” Gates To Concert Were Locked Shortly Before Attack
According to Big League Politics’ Cassandra Fairbanks, a Secret Service agent who spoke on condition of anonymity revealed that Biden “would mess with every single woman or teen,” and that a Christmas get-together at the VP’s house had to be canceled “because Biden would grope all of our wives and girlfriend’s asses.”
The Dictator Pope: A Call to Hierarchical Opposition
JFKu2019s War with the... Douglas Horne Check Amazon for Pricing.
What led me to read that particular encyclical is the most clearly identifiable moment of actual grace in my young life to that point.
Victor said his client has cooperated with investigators who contacted him within 24 hours of the shooting and has spoken to them probably four or five times, though he hasn't talked to them in months.
That's even after India's Chandrayaan-2 mission was delayed by three years after Russia backed out of designing and producing the mission's lander.
It’s almost as if someone had slipped a copy of the Ottaviani Intervention inside his morning paper.
As I said to Mr. [Walter] Matt, I can say in bad English what he says in good English, because he said all of the things I want to say [Referring here to Walter Matt’s introductory talk referenced above.]
San Francisco is not likely to hand the felon over to ICE for deportation.
What, like the CIA was using typewriters instead of computers and pay telephones instead of cell phones?
The professor, who has a PhD in philosophy...
While the specifics are still not known, readers may be reminded by this of a peculiar incident about a year later in which Pope Francis summarily ordered the dismissal of three priests of the CDF, whose remit was investigations of clerics accused of sexual abuse.
The essay did not mention Mr. Farrakhan.
It's resistance to a propaganda campaign intended to attack the human rights of the Jewish people.
Robert Herbst and Jonathan Kuttab are both supporters of a one-state plan for eliminating Israel.
The demonic forces we know are the driving force behind this supreme moment of heresy and destruction aren’t really looking at the undermining of marriage as their primary goal; they want to get at the Eucharist.
In a recent interview concerning Rocco Buttiglione’s verbal contortions aimed at demonstrating that the administration of Holy Communion to public adulterers is consistent with the Church’s bimillenial prohibition of precisely that, Müller proposed this preposterous “solution” to a “problem” that does not exist:
So, He is King by His nature.
Editor’s Note: Paragraph breaks added for readability.
Las Vegas police say they didn’t get to the floor until after the shooting was over.
Dan Fishback: It's Okay to Boycott Israeli Plays, But Not Okay to Boycott BDS Plays
The attempt is void, of course, and the appellation “authentic Magisterium” is fraudulent.
As the pair started talking, Paddock began firing through the door of his room, first with a single-fire gun and then with a rapid-fire rifle.
And they’re going to tell us that they just let Lee Harvey Oswald, a supposed self-avowed communist skate blissfully across the Cold War stage of history with nary any abuse or harassment at all?
The incident was brief: on the Thursday of the pope’s week-long South American trip, in response to an impromptu question tossed out by a Chilean reporter, the pope responded in what one reporter described as a “snippy tone”: “The day I see proof against Bishop Barros, then I will talk.
As much as we may be appalled by some of the things that Al Franken has done, the truth is that there are far worse offenders in Washington.
In 2015 federal authorities sought to detain him for deportation.
In the long term, India has its sights set well beyond the moon, with dreams of visiting Mars, Venus or an asteroid.
Cardinal Villot said, “We are afraid if Msgr.
What scandalizes believers, and even some fellow bishops, is not only your having appointed such men to be shepherds of the Church, but that you also seem silent in the face of their teaching and pastoral practice….
Either way, Kavanaugh was a poor choice from the point of view of good presidenting.
They had to make certain that Oswald was not on to them and had not discovered that he was being set up for a frame-up.
Paddock made multiple trips to the Middle East.
And do you think this change in the Church came suddenly?
This is the critical lesson of Yemen, and the United States would do well to heed it before it tries to foment a crisis based upon trumped-up charges.” [emphasis added]
The signatories plea is that the pope will “quickly convene a synod on the dangers of Islam.”
It is true that Barros was in Karadima’s group of young people.
Everyone who was killed that night had autopsies and those have been released.
He said he was being framed.
But Tedros voiced alarm that "plague in Madagascar behaved in a very, very different way this year."
I do not say that.
“National security” of course, the two most important and meaningless words in the American political lexicon.
Another part of him is open to error.
We now know the criminal case got its first evidence in 2009, a whole year before the uranium one deal was approved by the Obama administration.
“With the current outbreak still remaining treatable with antibiotics, however, the current risk is low.”
Perry brought up the fact that we can't seem to get information in the case that the public needs to be made aware of, something that was brought up in a district courtroom earlier this week.
Authorities subsequently cleared her publicly.
Would the American people support such a war with U.S. troops?
Noah Lew and two other students were voted off the Students’ Society of McGill University last October after they were identified as having pro-Israel viewpoints.
Not likely at all!
Paddock removed the hard drive before he committed suicide.
The issues here go much deeper than nonsensical hypocrisy.
A 38-year-old Mexican citizen and a known gang member was arrested Jan. 8 in Rolling Meadows.
Rather, Saint Francis, illuminated by heaven itself, recognized the coming reality of what Saint Robert Bellarmine, a Doctor of the Church, hypothesized as possible in principle, to cite another “apocryphal” quotation:
He had given the FBI irrefutable evidence showing how contracts obtained from the same Russian energy company Tenex, were based on contract bribery and other nefarious actions, he said.
There are, like, “different levels” of gravity, you know?
Francis further appointed Cardinal Errázuriz to serve as his Special Envoy to World Apostolic Congress Of Mercy III meeting in Bogotá, Colombia in June 2014.
They have the same discipline and the same studies, they make good priests; I think they are good seminarians.
Victor said police found his client's name and address on a box that Paddock had -- a box that Haig gave him to carry the tracer rounds he had bought.
Only when the victims went public with their accusations in 2010 did the Vatican launch an investigation that led to Karadima being removed from ministry.
Did Campos call 911?
Trump berated the country both before and after taking office.
Barros was a student protégée of the charismatic homosexual/pederast predator Fernando Karadima, and went on to be ordained in 1984, made bishop in 1995 and appointed as bishop of the armed forces.
The imam, Maulana Shafayat Mohamed, is notorious for his unapologetic vilification of homosexuals.
I cannot subscribe to all of them.
And it isn’t that anyone is putting this past a government to lie for profits, but health officials have even warned tourists, a source of money, to stay away from Madagascar for their own health.
Gun control activists will hope the Florida measures will be a turning point in their battle with the powerful National Rifle Association and others who defend firearms ownership under the Second Amendment of the US constitution.
This persistence of Mary about the dangers which menace the Church is a divine warning against the suicide that would be represented by the alteration of the faith, in her liturgy, her theology and her soul….
Campus BDS groups held several meetings to formulate a response and founded the so-called “Democratize SSMU” movement.
It wasn’t just centralized around the Mandalay Hotel,” the witness claimed.
Prior to his 26 year tenure in the transportation industry – 20 of which have been with TLI, Mr. Lambert was an Arabic Linguist for the Navy for five years, and a Senior Intel Analyst for the Department of Defense (DoD) for three years.
Why didn't I pick this up?"
“The reluctance of some in the Vatican Curia to implement recommendations or cooperate with the work of a commission when the purpose is to improve the safety of children and vulnerable adults around the world is unacceptable,” Collins wrote.
Ex-Muslim Catholics to Pope Francis: “Naiveté in the face of Islam is suicidal and very dangerous”
“It’s good to be God-fearing no matter how you approach it,” said Mohammad Iqbal, head of the Islamic Society of the Appalachian Region.
Jesus Christ is the Son of God.
No problem here!
There are plenty of other partisan, conservative judges, and plenty of conservative judges who lean towards an expansive view of presidential powers.
While the content of the pope’s letter itself does not contain teachings on faith and morals, it does point toward the interpretations of the Argentine bishops and confirms them as authentically reflecting his own mind.
A popular public school Bible class in West Virginia faces legal challenge
Early on Friday, Trump also falsely claimed on Twitter that Garcia Zarate had previously committed violent crimes and had illegally entered the US six times due to lax border security under the Obama administration.
Instead, the question will be tried in the courtroom of Judge David A. Faber of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of West Virginia in Bluefield.
In his address Friday, Trump changed the policy dynamics that dictate US policy on Iran.
At a press conference immediately after the president died, two treating physicians stated that the other wound — the one in the front of Kennedy’s neck — was an entry wound, which implied that Kennedy had been hit by another shot fired from the front.
Officials have reported infections in 17 of the island nation’s 22 regions since the outbreak started in August.
Surgery performed with cellphones as flashlights in Puerto Rico today.
If such a law was instituted, I guarantee you that sexual harassment on Capitol Hill would come to a screeching halt.
St. Thomas Aquinas says in his Summa Theologiae: "If the faith were endangered, a subject ought to rebuke his prelate [pope] even publicly."
He faced a sixth deportation in 2015, and was in Justice Department (DOJ) custody that March after serving 46 months in prison for a felony re-entry into the US, but instead of transferring him into the custody of Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) for deportation, the department transferred him to the San Francisco County Jail for prosecution of a 1995 marijuana charge.
Iran is one of the only issues on which the U.S. president has remained relatively consistent.
But never, before Francis, has there been a Pope who dared to tyrannize the Magisterium itself by attempting to bend it to his errant personal opinions.
I’m not crazy, I’m not drunk, how long do you think a nation can do evil and not face the wrath of god?”
It just won't address left-wing anti-Semitism and racism.
This fosters within the faithful a growing unease ….
Gym is Trenton Tolliver’s favorite class.
Don't count on these comments by a Congressional Black Cacus member to get reported either.
“The first is whether you can have a Bible course at all.
Still, it’s one thing to form an alliance with conservatives; it’s another to turn the whole process over to them.
They gave the following timeline:
The Best of Jacob G. Hornberger
Tracer ammunition has a pyrotechnic charge that, when fired, leaves an illuminated trace that can help a shooter have a more precise idea of where the bullet is going.
We have had the Islamic State claim over and over that they were taking credit for the mass shooting that took place in Las Vegas on October 1, 2017, and that Stephen Paddock was a recent convert to Islam.
Over the past year, Cardinal Burke and a few other members of the hierarchy have called upon Francis to “clarify” his intention respecting AL.
After several paragraphs of platitudes about “community cohesion” and “diversity”, it says “this Council notes with shock and alarm the decision by Donald Trump, President of the United States, to ‘retweet’ Islamophobic propaganda from the Britain First Twitter account”.
The following image is taken from page 34 of the LVMPD preliminary report which shows the seven victims and their locations of death numbered in yellow.
Bishop Marian Eleganti’s public support of the Profession of Immutable Truths about Sacramental Marriage brings the number of signatories to nine.
That is a danger.
So, What the Pope Really Means® is: “what for now is the most generous offering which can be given to God.” So, it’s an offering to God, not a response to God.
This is a matter of life and death, and any complacency towards Islam is treasonous.
Australia is both a continent and a country.
In what is being considered a particularly rare event, scientists are projecting that the Sun will be an unusually cool customer by the year 2050.
But with over 2000 alread infected by pneumonic plague (and counting) health officials aren’t willing to quit sounding alarms just yet.
When it comes to Iran’s governing authorities, the Trump administration is under no illusions about the nefarious nature of this fascist theocracy.
And yet, nearly a month after the Las Vegas Strip experienced the worst mass shooting in modern American history, local and federal authorities are refusing to fill in the blanks.
In the six-year Syrian civil war, which may be about to enter a new phase, America faces a familiar situation.
The letter, addressed to the executive committee of the Chilean bishops’ conference, said, “Thank you for having openly demonstrated the concern that you have about the appointment of Monsignor Juan Barros.
That would enable the CIA to blame the assassination on a communist, which, not coincidentally, was the advice that the Pentagon and the CIA were doling out to Latin American military dictatorships at the School of the Americas.
A deadly outbreak of a rare and highly fatal virus has broken out in eastern Uganda and five cases have already been identified, the World Health Organization (WHO) has confirmed.
Raising a Common Voice
Keith Vaz, chairman of the Home Affairs Select Committee, who had called for the bloggers to be banned from the UK, said: "I welcome the home secretary's ban on Pamela Geller and Robert Spencer from entering the country.
Trump then turned his attention to Iran’s illicit ballistic missile program, its sponsorship of terrorism, including its links to al-Qaida, its aggression against its neighbors, its aggressive acts against maritime traffic in the Straits of Hormuz, and its bids to destabilize and control large swaths of the Middle East through its proxies.
In June 2016, Zakkout clicked ‘like’ under someone else’s Facebook posting (on Zakkout’s personal Facebook page) of a grotesque cartoon containing a worried-looking religious Jew hiding behind an animated tree with a bearded man brandishing a rifle coming towards them.
Each day, we see new evidence that this might have been a gross understatement.
For her "norm" Arnold picked social media use, and for her country she chose Australia.
Garcia Zarate confessed to firing the shot and had gunpowder residue on his hands.
The U.S. troop commitment to Syria, he said, is now open-ended.
(Consider the example of Catholic Answers, which “defends the Faith” while refusing to recognize that it is under ferocious attack from the very vertices of the Church.
Our Lady of Fatima, intercede for us!
And as I have visited my seminary here in Armada for the past five days, I can see it is the same here.
The “generous response” is not the situation that is at variance with the command of the Gospel but an offering that God is asking amid the mass of impediments even though it may not yet be the perfect objective model.
The Guardian said Manafort returned there in 2015 and 2016 and said its sources had “tentatively dated” the final visit to March.
The Italian Catholic daily La Nuova Bussola Quotidiana reports that not only did the pope see a letter from victims, but that the CDF, under Muller, “had already conducted an preliminary investigation into Barros and the other bishops close to Karadima which had led to the decision to relieve them of their duties.”
Well, that's a good name.
﻿Vatican Theologian Sacked for Questioning “Merciful” Pope’s Pontificate
America's Immigration Voice.
He starts by assuming, without any effort at defence or explanation, a point that concedes the whole issue.
As a result of the case, both the DOJ and the city of San Francisco have changed several policies.
The current outbreak is also highly unusual as it has affected urban areas increasing the risk of transmission, according to the World Health Organization.
This happened in broad daylight, but as in In the Heat of the Night, they had the body which was dead.
This MUST STOP!!!!
Mr. Farrakhan has denied that he is anti-Semitic and has even said that his father may have been Jewish.
He has rebuffed Brussels, which is largely Islamic, and told them that Hungary would defend its borders, and it has.
The first of a series of muzzles flashes can be seen coming from several different elevations, possibly from as many as 3 aircraft (helicopters).
In a statement, Manafort called the story “totally false and deliberately libelous” and said he was considering his legal options against the Guardian.
She will be tempted to believe that man has become God.
People can believe it or not.
With that grim prospect in mind, Secretary Rex Tillerson said Sunday , "Iranian militias that are in Iraq, now that the fight against ... ISIS is coming to a close ... need to go home.
But we are in the age of, "My truth".
And [the Secretary] said, “Yes, I am responsible for this change.” Brother, what did you do with the Social Kingship of Christ?
Many of the people you have rightly banned from entering the UK were guilty of less than this.”…
As The Hill pointed out earlier this morning, the latest development in this sordid tale revolves around a man that the FBI used as an informant back in 2009 and beyond to build a case against a Russian perpetrator who ultimately admitted to bribery, extortion and money laundering.
The anti-Israel leftists at the AJHS are clearly not leaving their politics at home.
“Perhaps it doesn’t bother the Belgian Prime Minister that there are no-go zones in many Western European cities, or that people with immigrant backgrounds have committed 27 major terrorist attacks in Europe recently, but this bothers the V4 because they do not want to live on a continent were the threat of terrorism becomes an everyday regularity," he continued.
Before the recordings were released, Danneels had also denied all knowledge of sexual abuse by clergy or cover-ups.
Both forms of the plague can be cured with antibiotics, but getting treatment quickly is the key to survival.
“In the case of Barros it’s been observed, it’s been studied; there’s no evidence.
“If someone wants to come to your house, he knocks on your door and asks: ‘Can we come in, can we stay?’ They [asylum seekers] didn’t do that, they crossed the border illegally,” he stated.
Speaking out against hate is easiest when it’s weakest.
Two white police officers were murdered when they went to a domestic violence call--someone had called 911, and the call had been cut off in the middle.
WHY IS MEDIA NOT REPORTING THIS?
We must not be deceived by the Quranic verses deemed tolerant, because they have all been repealed by the verse of the Sword (Quran 9.5).
This month Kerry has resorted to parsing words.
They don't like Farrakhan, so they call me Hitler.
Why is the U.S. singling out Iran, especially when the Houthi rebels are sworn enemies of al-Qaeda?
But don’t nobody ever ask what did they do to Hitler.”
Democratic party chairman Ken Martin said last week he expected the investigation to conclude soon.
Madagascar Outbreak: It Is ‘Inevitable’ The Plague Becomes Resistant To Drugs
While Muslims need the Gospel for sure, one cannot allow such an influx into the country, or all you are asking for is the judgments God warned about in Deuteronomy 28.
But this time, they may have gone too far.
Law enforcement and @FBI misled the public about #Paddock‘s check in date and also provided public & media w/ wrong license plate number.
As it happens, in Russian roulette a shooter loads one bullet into a six-shot revolver, spins the cylinder, then puts the gun to his own head and pulls the trigger.
“It’s an ongoing investigation, and unless there’s something to report, there will not be a briefing.” Calls to the national FBI office were forwarded back to Breault at the Las Vegas office.
AJHS and JVP members get discounted admission.
Police said officers arrived on the 32nd floor at 10:17 p.m., two minutes after Paddock had stopped firing.
Pneumonic plague is the most life-threatening form of the infection caused by the manifestation of a Yersinia pestis bacterial infection.
In a debate, Ross Douthat and Massimo Faggioli discussed Pope Francis’s legacy and its effect on internal Church controversies.
That means that you and I have been paying to cover up the epidemic of sexual harassment that has been taking place on Capitol Hill.
There was no detail on what might have been discussed.
How is it possible that Oswald could learn fluent Russian while serving in the U.S. military without having U.S. military tutors teaching him?
There Were “Active Shooters On The Runway” Bombshell Air Traffic Control Audio From The Night Of The Las Vegas Massacre Reveals
That is the school of our Faith.
The Hill's John Solomon reported on Wednesday:
The ammunition dealer who sold armor-piercing rounds to the Las Vegas gunman has been charged
(Among his more infamous comments is his 1984 description of Adolf Hitler as “a very great man.”)
But if a person, whether it be a lay person, a priest or a religious sister, commits a sin and then converts, the Lord forgives, and when the Lord forgives, the Lord forgets and this is very important for our lives.
Its purpose was to discuss information that Warren had received that Oswald was actually a U.S. intelligence agent or an informant for the FBI or both.
The Catechism of the Catholic Church teaches that “under no circumstances” can homosexual activity “be approved” as it is “intrinsically disordered.” Such acts are “contrary to the natural law.
Things obviously went dreadfully wrong with the Mexico City operation because the investigation into it after the assassination was quickly shut down.
" He collected over 5,000 documents and briefs over a six year period, some of which detail efforts by Moscow to route money to the Clinton Foundation
Then again, by framing the issue of Iran’s threat to America as he did, and by transferring responsibility for reinstating sanctions and passing further sanctions on Iran to Congress, Trump opened up the possibility that Congress will conduct substantive – rather than personal – debates on Iran.
Three separate journalists on the papal flight gave the pope opportunity to say why exactly he believed the bishop instead of the survivors accusing him.
And now that Pope Francis has inadvertently unmasked the true spirit of Vatican II, it becomes obvious how and why those who resisted that spirit were right to have done so and will certainly be hailed by history as the heroic band of Catholic brothers that mounted the twentieth century’s last stand for Christ the King and, while scorned and mocked at the time, were nevertheless totally vindicated fifty years later.
Next plague outbreak in Madagascar could be 'stronger': WHO
It is a great disservice to the Church to maintain the pretense that there is nothing problematical about AL.
So far, no one has ever managed to land on the far side of the moon, or near its shadowy poles.
https://t.co/L1caGn6uqw — Laura Loomer (@LauraLoomer) October 6, 2017
Gonzalez told the jury, according to the San Francisco Chronicle, that Garcia Zarate had never handled a firearm before, was frightened by the noise of the gunshot, then flung the weapon into the bay where it was later found by a diver.
Now, a congressman is saying there is "credible evidence" of "terrorist infiltration through the southern border" that is related to the Las Vegas shooting.
In a lecture at the Gregorian, one Father Maurizio Chiodi, a “moral theologian” of the post-Vatican II variety, proposed that “an artificial method for the regulation of births could be recognized as anact of responsibilitythat is carried out, not in order to radically reject the gift of a child, but because in those situationsresponsibility calls the couple and the family to other forms of welcome and hospitality.”
The research starter on the SNHU’s Shapiro library written by John Pearson (2013) states, that Australia is the 'sixth-largest country in the world' (n.p.).
I’m no longer afraid.
That is impossible.
Philadelphia Archbishop Charles Chaput has also spoken out against Marx’s proposal.
The Kurds have no friends but the mountains, is an old lament .
How is it we can receive two opposing theses?
San Francisco, meanwhile, has adjusted its policy to notify ICE if they are releasing suspected undocumented immigrants who face charges of serious or violent felonies.
Today is no different — he still rejects the harmful and divisive views Farrakhan continues to espouse.”
On Thursday, the deadline established by law for releasing the records, the CIA undoubtedly blinked and Trump presumably got what he wanted in return for granting the CIA request for continued secrecy.
#KatesLaw — Mike (@Bigly45) December 1, 2017
Rombot, part of a wave of Indonesian Christians who fled their country following deadly riots in 1998, learned of the policy change when he appeared for an Aug. 1 check-in with ICE and was arrested.
This news comes just one day after Puerto Rico’s Governor Ricardo Rossello asked the federal government for an additional $4.6 billion in funding beyond the Trump administration’s request last week for $29 billion from Congress for relief efforts.
“The shooter’s body was cremated Dec. 21," said Review-Journal Editor-in-Chief Keith Moyer added.
As if to confirm the validity of his own indictment of this pontificate, only a day after this letter was published, the USCCB demanded that Fr.
They said no.
On on the Jewish people: “You are wicked deceivers of the American people.
"I felt that they were hoping that they could find a connection between myself and Paddock, that would go back showing that I supplied him with most of his ammunition, possibly even some firearms," Haig said.
The Mexico City operation is a good example of that.
The felony firearms charge, the only charge on which Garcia Zarate was found guilty, carries a sentence of 16 months to 3 years.
As reported in The Dictator Pope—a remarkable new book which provides an inside look at the most tyrannical and unprincipled papacy of recent history—English Cardinal Cormac Murphy O’Connor who was largely responsible for the vote canvassing behind Francis' election told journalist Paul Valley in 2013, "Four years of Bergoglio would be enough to change things."
Without naming names, (or, frustratingly, giving dates[3]) Tosatti relates:
Ford has accused Kavanaugh of attempting to force himself onto her during a high school party nearly four decades ago.
Asteroids are made up of metals and rocky material, while comets are made up of ice, dust and rocky material.
Where is the outrage?
Moreover, this letter has not been made public so we don't know exactly what it says other than an expression of thanks.
It is in the masses.
A mysterious piece of paper discovered last week, when photos from the Las Vegas gunman’s hotel room were leaked to the media, is now back in the news cycle.
Hence Amoris Laetitia VIII, which proposes that people living in adultery can be guiltless and thus be admitted to the sacraments of Confession and Communion when "concrete circumstances" make it difficult to renounce their adulterous state, is now declared "magisterial" by the Holy See.
The understanding that Catholics believed what they believe about it came as a bit of a shock.
As part of the advance work, Trump commissioned a highly produced video meant to convince Kim to relinquish his weapons and open his country to outside investment.
That tells you everything.
On the day the vote passed, a 17-year-old woman student was killed in a suspected accidental shooting at a high school in Alabama.
Famadihana is the “dancing with the dead” ritual which sees locals dig up deceased relatives and dance with them before they are reburied.
The City of #Westerville suffered a tremendous loss today.
Location: Westerville, Ohio
There is no mistake in my mind about it,” he continued.
CNN affiliate KNXV caught up with Victor outside court, and the lawyer said he couldn't say anything because of the ongoing case.
In his opening remarks, Douthat laid out three criteria that can be used to evaluate Francis’s papacy thus far: his impact on the public’s perception of the Church (a success); his attempts at reforming the Vatican bureaucracy (a disappointment); and his position on “moral-theological controversies,” specifically, communion for the divorced and remarried (a problem).
Maybe we should be more like Sweden?
That was around the time that the Assassination Records Review Board, which was overseeing the mandatory release of JFK-related assassination records of the CIA and other federal agencies that had been kept secret from the American people since 1963.
Weinandy’s point once again.
© Getty Carl Sagan and the 'Pale Blue Dot' photograph
She wrote on Twitter that the massacre "is starting to look more and more like a gun running operation gone wrong every day."
However, I believe that Australia is a country.
On December 12, Trump’s ambassador to the U.N., Nikki Haley, gave a grandiose speech demonizing Iran that echoed Colin Powell’s infamous performance before the U.N. in 2003.
Processing Date: 06-22-2017
He did not comment on the 7.62mm rounds' packaging.
Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer
They also called me by phone in Melbourne to say I was on the list of the bishops [attending] the Eucharistic Congress.
The propaganda value of this system may be very high.
Experts say the epidemic could still worsen as the death tolls hit 124 and more than 1,300 are left infected.
The Iraqi army that ran them out was trained and armed by the United States.
It is time to take our government back because at this point it has become an absolutely disgusting cesspool of filth and corruption.
On the left, as Orwell had it in Animal Farm, rats are comrades, and criminals are victims of capitalist society.
“Realizing that I had given it up, I mean, it was sort of like a promise to keep the photograph secret,” Muhammad said.
They said that Econe is the only seminary where they seem to be able to find the True Faith.
“Our conscience as bishops calls to us to do this,” Schneider explained.
It's not just people harassing Haig at his home: Conspiracy theorists online have seized on Haig's engineering background to lob wild claims about the Las Vegas shooting.
More courses study ‘Islam' than ‘Christianity' (34).
Above the picture of Eizenkot, Zakkout wrote in Arabic, “You’re a Jew, the grandson of a monkey and a pig.” He signed it “Sofian.” This is one of many times Zakkout has referred to Jews as “monkeys and pigs.”
Is he happy about the fact that the child is sick?
This is devastating news for those living in Puerto Rico, as foreign ships can no longer bring aid to the hurricane-ravaged island from U.S. ports.
“For those who might criticize this verdict – there are a number of people who have commented on this case in the last couple of years,” Gonzalez said after the verdict, “the Attorney General of the United States and the President and Vice President of the United States.
If we don’t carry on doing stuff here, at one point something will happen and it will get out of our control and cause huge devastation all around the world.” There is always a risk with travel that the disease will spread globally, Hunter added.
When illegals have more rights and protection than American Citizens.
Katie Hill, a spokeswoman for Mr. Obama, said on Friday: “President Obama has denounced racism and anti-Semitism his entire life.
The Valais is Catholic.
“Removing foreign fugitives trying to escape law enforcement in their home countries is an ICE top priority,” said Ricardo Wong, field office director for ERO Chicago.
Pope Francis announced last week he was sending the Vatican's top expert on sexual abuse, Archbishop Charles Scicluna, to Chile to investigate the accusations against Bishop Barros.
Roche’s biography of Pius XII, Pie XII Devant L’Histoire (Paris: Editions Robert Laffont, 1972), an out-of-print French-language work I managed to obtain after an extensive search of used book seller inventory.
For 1800 sum odd years.
And illegal aliens are not a racial or ethnic group.
Again I mean no disrespect but my grade is affected by your assumption that Australia is not a country when it in fact is.
But while it yielded to Mr. Acosta — whose testy questions had touched off Mr. Trump’s ire — the administration used the occasion to lay down a set of formal rules governing reporters’ behavior at future White House news conferences, a highly unusual step.
The senator has not appeared to respond specifically to the allegation.
They have double and tripled down on their claim.
“Recently, I have been made aware of what i believe to be credible evidence, credible information, regarding potential terrorist infiltration, through the southern border, regarding this event,” Perry shockingly claimed.
In fact, DHS had denied Muslim terrorists were crossing the border, but a local investigator produced evidence to the contrary.
Having no clear idea what my own question meant, I just picked one at random.
He has served as the editor of Muhammad Speaks and as the head of the Washington office of The Final Call, the official newspapers of the Nation of Islam.
With the new uptick in those who died, the fear that the disease will spread to the United Kingdom has been confirmed as “100 percent likely.”
The places where Eucharistic adoration is still offered are places where at least some flicker of the true Faith survives.
Saris previously ordered a stay to the deportations.
I have decided not to block release of the CIA’s remaining JFK-assassination related records except for those records that directly implicate the CIA in the assassination, which will continue to remain secret.”
In fact, Garcia Zarate had never been convicted of a violent crime before Steinle's shooting — his previous convictions were for nonviolent drug crimes and illegal entry.
Worse, it emboldened the mullahs (appeasement tends to do that) who seemed to revel in Obama’s groveling.
We are trying to get further on the name,” dispatch frantically notes.
And so, we are Coming to Econe.”
Lawyer: Ammo dealer saw nothing suspicious in Vegas gunman
“Even before Hurricanes Irma and Maria hit the U.S. territories, the islands’ health care system was suffering from the ongoing economic crisis.
In case anyone thinks the Grassi-Gabriel case was not serious enough for the pope’s attention, Bishop Accountability summarises, “A year after Gabriel had filed criminal charges [2003] but before the start of Grassi’s trial, three men ransacked the survivor’s apartment and beat him.” These men threatened to kill him if he did not retract his testimony and quit the case.
Pope Pius IX called for the publishing of these Instructions in order to warn the bishops and priests of those times of the fight against the church.
CNN in turn dropped its lawsuit on the matter, which had ballooned into a test of press freedoms in the Trump era.
He wrote to the pope, “To teach with such an intentional lack of clarity inevitably risks sinning against the Holy Spirit, the Spirit of truth.” He added that Catholics are “disconcerted” by the appointment of bishops “who seem not merely open to those who hold views counter to Christian belief, but who support and even defend them.”
Signed this constitution?” I don’t know.
He has claimed that the "Jewish community gradually consolidated its power, wealth, and influence in all sectors of society" especially in "crucial sectors like banking, finance, media” where "their influence both as individuals and an organized community far exceeded their numbers" and that their power strengthens “conspiracy theories about ‘Jewish control’ that are reminiscent of the infamous “’Protocols of the Elders of Zion.’”
Madagascar has suffered bubonic plague outbreaks almost every year since 1980, often caused by rats fleeing forest fires.
While the indictment lists Lambert’s company as “Transportation Corporation A,” a simple search reveals that Lambert is the co-President of DAHER-TLI, “the leading front end freight forwarding company dedicated to Nuclear Cargo,” according to its website.
Which are, like, only a result of “human weakness,” right?
On Thursday, investigators revealed that the note in the photo was not, in fact, a suicide note but neglected to provide further details about the purpose of the note.
The moment, it would seem, has come.
A great deal of shocking behavior is taking place inside Jewish organizations whose inner workings most people in the Jewish community generally pay very little attention to.
[I]f one arrives at the recognition that, in a concrete case, there are limitations that diminish responsibility and culpability (cf.
How is it possible to compare Islamic violence with so-called Christian violence?
That means it is airborne and spread by sneezing and coughing.
Amazingly, the surveillance camera captured what seems to show a “large amount” of wind and debris being kicked up by a nearby helicopter hovering above the attack and or taking part in it.
Authorities have repeatedly said Paddock was the only shooter.
Take note that what he means here is that people were being shot at from ground level rather than the 32nd floor of the hotel.
Are you perfect?
But now that is disputed, in Version No.
By contrast, Barack Obama and his obsequious acolytes were besotted by the prospect of forging détente with the despotic mullahs of the Islamic Republic.
Chiodi’s sole “authority” for this lie from the pit of hell is nothing more than Chapter 8 of AL, the only document of its kind in the entire history of the Church.
Fifth – a combination of the above.”
But he also embraces the idea that the Bible offers irrefutable lessons in morality and teaches the difference between right and wrong.
Still, the guidelines are not far removed from the manner in which White House news conferences typically proceed.
The White House demanded a final up and down vote on Tuesday; by Wednesday, he was saying that the nomination would die if Kavanaugh didn’t do well before the Judiciary Committee on Thursday.
The pictures are often gorgeously detailed eye candy, but the latest batch of images from the space agency is remarkable for an entirely different reason.
Since Garcia Zarate has been languishing in jail, the authorities could commute any sentence to time served and he could walk free within weeks.
Thomas Weinandy has been squashed.
Let’s say, hypothetically, that I’m right: that the CIA agreed to use its assets in Congress to shut down the Russia investigation.
Thus, it is very important to know that they prepared for the beginning of the Second Vatican Council for a century, perhaps two centuries!
Pamela Geller's commitment to freedom from jihad and Shariah shines forth in her books
Lax border security, too, does not appear to be a factor since Garcia Zarate was caught by border patrol agents each time he entered the country under the Obama administration.
It is against this backdrop that U.S. ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley used her entire speech to the UN Security Council on Wednesday to denounce the Iranian regime on multiple grounds.
"He told me exactly what he wanted.
All those arrested were men between the ages of 20 and 53.
Associated Press writers Ken Ritter in Las Vegas and Anita Snow in Phoenix contributed to this report.
Published just three months before the close of Vatican II and just as Annibale Bugnini was cranking open the floodgates of his never-ending stream of liturgical alterations, Mysterium Fidei is now an important marker of a critical turning point in Catholic history, perhaps the most important of modern times.
They’re on the airport property” pic.twitter.com/HZf3LBeAgk — Mike Tokes (@MikeTokes) October 29, 2017
He stressed that his sale made "no contribution" to the killings since Paddock didn't appear to have fired tracer rounds.
Perhaps someone gave the pope an injection, a drug, and he is not responsible.
In fact, the downdraft appears to be constant from 10:13-10:16 p.m. and not intermittent as if several choppers had just passed overhead.
“We can’t talk about stability in the Middle East without talking about Iran,” Ambassador Haley said.
It illuminates just a small sliver of the public health crisis Puerto Rico is currently facing.
It should be clear by now that the entire official narrative surrounding the Las Vegas shooting that left 59 people dead and hundreds injured is falling apart.
So far, judges and prosecutors at all instances found him guilty.”
The exhibition is supposed to cover WWI, the Bolshevik Revolution, and the Balfour Declaration.
It also calls into question his stated empathy with abuse survivors, compounding the most serious crisis of his five-year papacy.
Not being a theologian I have no idea if this encyclical is, as so many of these seemingly orthodox documents of that period seem to be, rife with the usual “time bombs,” ambiguities, mushy language or even outright errors.
We shouldn't rule out the possibility that Francis may come forward one day and declare "ex-cathedra" that the interpretation of Amoris Laetitia VIII, as now taught by the Holy See, is promulgated as "extraordinary magisterium."
We can only hope that learned imams such as Pope Francis and H.R.
There are a lot of things that people have been saying that these documents simply don’t agree with.
Many times I think of Saint Peter.
One of the pope’s favourite rhetorical techniques is a combination of Begging the Question and conspiracy.
"It's been not a lot of fun, quite frankly."
This is important: a theology of sin.
Introduces a voluntary armed "guardian programme" for schools, named after Aaron Feis, a coach who died in the Parkland shooting.
(…) You are welcoming into your country an ever increasing number of Muslims.
By the way, the toxicology report was not mentioned in the preliminary report.
Hide Caption 20 of 30 Photos: Mass shooting at Las Vegas music festival An injured woman is helped at the Tropicana.
For if moral behavior is now to be viewed as merely “exemplary” rather than divinely mandated by the natural law that binds all men—including Thou Shalt Not Commit Adultery—then basic morality becomes a kind of heroic virtue.
Father Weinandy reveals that he decided to publicize this historic missive only after receiving an unmistakable sign from heaven.
Most of the cases in the past have been of the bubonic plague but if you look at this particular outbreak, 70 percent of the cases are pneumonic plague, which is the most deadly form of the disease.
The key passages (paragraph breaks added) rebuke Francis for his recklessness, his deliberate ambiguity, his fomenting of error, his sowing of disunity, his unheard-of calumnies of the faithful, and even his reduction of the faith to an ideology—precisely the wrong of which he accuses orthodox Catholics:
Subsequently, the Russian government sought to purchase Uranium One but required approval from the Obama administration given the strategic importance of the uranium assets.
One of the world’s most renowned theologians, Fr.
Research by the The Space and Science Research Center in Florida revealed a strong link between low solar activity and seismic events.
And now a call to ban the president of the nation that saved their nation from extinction not 70 years ago.
Patrick J. Buchanan needs no introduction to VDARE.COM readers; his books
He simply wished that it was so.
• In September, Paddock arrived at Haig's home, bought the tracer ammunition and drove away.
We are now expected to believe that the “authentic Magisterium”—meaning simply and only AL—teaches what the guidelines preposterously declare, solely in reliance on AL:
Here, again, is Blessed Paul VI, famously meeting for the first time ever with the heretic Archbishop of Canterbury in St. Peter's:
He was previously convicted in Cook County for felony aggravated criminal sexual assault and bodily harm.
Kritarch Patti Saris, who thinks it is the job of District Court judges to micromanage the deportation system of the United States, got her wish.
It's the only country that is both.
In yet another striking example of a widespread cover-up currently underway regarding the worst mass shooting in American history, new air traffic control audio has been released that details the fact that there were multiple active shooters on the airports property which is extremely close to the venue where at least part of the attack took place.
Unbeknownst to him, the court reporter inadvertently kept a recording of the meeting that ultimately came to light.
Myers is a symptom of the problem.
Comey was fired from the bureau in May 2017; McCabe was fired by Attorney General Jeff Sessions in March; Page left the bureau in May; and Strzok was fired last month.
It has become a superdogma in the Catholic Church: if you don’t believe that Islam is a Religion of Peace, you will be ruthlessly harassed and silenced by the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops and the hierarchy elsewhere as well.
Not only that, but the plague has a very short incubation time.
Chris Ferrara to Robert Fastiggi • 16 minutes ago
Eyewitness Confessional: There Was An Active Shooter Targeting The Bellagio Hotel During The Las Vegas Massacre
Taking the matter further, they warn, too, of the physical danger the pope’s disposition toward Islam invites, saying that it has resulted in Christians
Many other Democrats and progressives – who largely stayed silent after the accusations against Ellison emerged – came out in support of Ford, including Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders and Tom Perez, chairman of the DNC, who urged to investigate the claims and Kavanaugh.
Now, with regard to Saris, she has no authority to interfere with the pre-deportation custody of an illegal alien with a Final Order Of Removal.
God, however, is happy when people in such situations discern in conscience that He is asking them to make a choice that moves in the right direction—even if they still need to progress further toward a more complete fulfillment of His will.
“These remarks are at the least shameful.
The lawyer said the type and quantity of ammunition Paddock bought from his client wasn't unusual.
"Working together, we'll get it taken care of," Trump said.
She added: “Four people, including my supervisor at the time, stated that I came to them after and shared the exact story I shared publicly, I shared multiple text between me and Keith, where I discuss the abuse with him and much more.
"For us, Hungary is first.
Conway is saying it’s “only a matter of time” before the disease arrives on British soil.
The disease is known as the Marburg virus.
It was the first time it occurred to me to investigate, like an anthropologist, what the Church herself said about her teachings.
So what does the Latin say?
By inviting people like Shafayat Mohamed, an avowed enemy of the gay community, and Wilfredo Ruiz, whose group promotes white supremacists, to participate in its functions, the Democratic Party has effectively revealed its disregard for the concerns of those it disingenuously claims to advocate for and protect.
“We don’t want a situation where the disease spreads so fast it gets out of control.
To me, the fact that he has chosen to write to express his concern about the crisis in the church and the papacy is very significant.
Sadly, the picture emerging is one that includes a shocking amount of evidence pointing towards a classic deep state false flag operation.
I was taught that it was important to ask difficult questions, and that it was noble to stand up for what you believed in.
An old friend he had not seen in more than twenty years and would never have expected to meet in Rome, who is now an archbishop, appeared suddenly from between two parked cars, renewed acquaintances and, referring to one of Father Weinandy’s books, said: “Keep up the good writing.”
Rather than making a straightforward case for why Pope Francis has changed the Church for the better, Faggioli rejected the possibility of evaluating his papacy in terms of “continuity” with past popes, since doing so would assume that “Christianity at some point .
Time to buy old US gold coins
In response to a question from CNN in January, the Clark County sheriff, Joe Lombardo, said federal authorities are investigating a person in the case.
William Jacobson explains the latest “revise” by the authorities is the now infamously botched Vegas investigation:
This “contrite” papal apology didn’t fly well even with the regular news reporters.
The President said he is very, very anxious.
Billeaud reported from Phoenix.
In this manner, BDS/ Democratize SSMU activists managed to pick off their opponents one at a time.
Anyone who still thinks that political, intellectual, demographic and material factors are what really matter to history, and to society, ought to get with the multiculturalist/Identity Politics program – enroll in a history course at an Australian university today!
In their first in-depth interview, which will air on CBS Sunday evening, the officers who stormed Stephen Paddock’s hotel room revealed new details to 60 Minutes that finally explain what was written on the mysterious note.
“The insistence with which Francis defends Barros is mystifying.
But the Las Vegas Review-Journal reported it had a version of the search warrant that named, without redaction, Haig as that second person.
Indeed, statements and beliefs such as Anderson’s have provoked hatred and persecution of Jews.
For anyone who has a critical, analytical, independent mindset, the official story is filled with holes.
She entered a temporary order blocking the Indonesians’ deportation until she could decide whether to impose a preliminary injunction.
52-53 of Msgr.
APCO officials told The Hill that its support for the Clinton Global Initiative and its work with Russia were not connected in any way, and in fact involved different divisions of the firm.
In February 2005, an article written by Shafayat Mohamed was published on the Darul Uloom website, entitled ‘Tsunami: Wrath of God.’ In it, he claims that gay sex caused the 2004 Indonesian tsunami and that most Jews and Christians, whom he refers to as “People of the Book,” are “perverted transgressors.”
I remember my thoughts upon reading this shocking statement… “By doing what?
Article posted with permission from End of the American Dream
Are we not in a good position to talk to you about Islam?
In a radio address, he urged listeners to “make an example” of a Washington Post reporter who had reported that Mr. Jackson had used anti-Semitic terms in private.
The Supreme Pontiff decreed that the two preceding documents be promulgated through publication on the Vatican website and in Acta Apostolicae Sedis, as authentic Magisterium.
On Thursday evening, Representative Scott Perry (R-PA) appeared on Tucker Carlson tonight and said that he has evidence that the Islamic State may be telling the truth and that they may actually have been involved in the deadly attack.
"This was a routine transaction to purchase a routine type of ammunition that is available in many different retail outlets throughout the state of Arizona," Victor said.
On Hezbollah: “They call them terrorists, I call them freedom fighters.”
The Catholic Twitterverse is alive today with criticism of the USCCB’s decision to sack Fr.
Perry noted that all Americans are still lacking all the evidence.
Fishback is a BDS supporter and a member of the JVP Artists Council.
They have absolutely nothing in common.
As he explained, “I think I was a product of affirmative action,” and ethnic preferences doubtless played a role in admission to Stanford Law School.
Syed Muzaffar Shah Qadri’s preaching of hatred and jihad violence was so hardline that he was banned from preaching in Pakistan, but the UK Home Office welcomed him into Britain.
German cardinal: liturgical ‘blessing’ for gay unions is ‘truly…sacrilegious’
May Our Lady of Fatima intercede soon to thwart the designs of Francis and to rectify the grave harm he has already caused.
From the Vatican Palace, on the day of June 5 in the year 2017
Apparently His Holiness was informed that the “calumny” comment had caused some blow-back because a couple of days later we got something touted – though somewhat skeptically – as a “contrite” papal apology.
• 120 rounds of 5.56mm M196 tracer ammunition, manufactured by the same plant.
You have often spoken about the need for transparency within the Church.
Las Vegas mass shooting victim Rocky Palermo was shot in the pelvis during the horrific attack and is now speaking out about what he saw and believes happened, including the presence of multiple shooters as well as locked concert gates and police telling frantic civilians to go in the other direction.
It is up to members of Congress, and US allies like Israel and the Sunni Arab states to help Trump conceive and implement it.
And the Church of Christ.
They said they would bring a criminal case against him for violating an NDA,” she added.
In fact, the evidence shows that Ricca is completely in line with Bergoglio’s normal procedures.
If Iran insists it can do what it wants militarily in terms of missile launches, support of terrorist groups such as Hezbollah and Hamas, and arms transfers without violating the nuclear deal, then the United States can certainly act to curb such activities through financial pressure.
As Successors of the Apostles, Schneider said they “could not act in another way.”
Take this quotation of Pius XII, for example, speaking in 1931 when he was still Monsignor Pacelli, serving as Pius XI’s Secretary of State:
Campbell collected over 5,000 documents and briefs over a six year period
But today the principle, the democratic principle, is that the authority is in the people.
Appeasement through phony deals with a rogue dictatorship does not work, as proven by the infamous Munich Pact signed by British and French Prime Ministers Neville Chamberlain and Edouard Daladier with German Chancellor Adolf Hitler seventy-nine years ago.
Elnökségi ülés után Elnökségi ülés után // After the meeting of the presidency Posted by Orbán Viktor on Wednesday, February 7, 2018
The American Jewish Historical Society was caught collaborating with JVP; a radical anti-Israel hate group with links to anti-Semitism.
Cardinal O'Malley's disgraced predecessor, the late Cardinal Bernard Law, had moved paedophile priests between parishes rather than addressing victims' claims.
I talked to the guy three times."
The uncle had nine children.
And I am building a seminary in Switzerland.
The government has promised police an extra 7.1 billion crowns ($880 million) through 2020, toughened laws on gun crimes and made it easier for the police to monitor private phone calls and emails, among other measures.
Then I was in Bonn, near Cologne, Germany, three weeks ago, to speak at a conference.
Danneels’s prominence in the Bergoglian pontificate continues to be the most prominent indicator of the pope’s deprioritising of clerical sexual abuse.
The newspaper published the name online.
When Cardinal Muller was removed abruptly from his position as head of the CDF, the conservative Catholic world wailed that it was another case of a “good” prelate being got rid of.
Senator Jeanne Shaheen.
Sanctions were also imposed against the IRGC for supporting terrorism.
Meanwhile the Vatican operated a veritable swinging door where actual heretics and schismatics were concerned.
During a solar minimum, the Sun produces far fewer solar flares and sunspots, and as a result, much less ultraviolet radiation is shot out into space and towards Earth.
The CIA officials were secretly honored for protecting “national security” by removing President Arbenz from office and replacing him with a pro-U.S. military general.
Don’t deny it.
Additional sanctions were imposed against Iran for acting in defiance of UNSCR 2231.
Soviet and Cuban communists, to be more specific.
TVEL is a Russian nuclear fuel cycle company headquartered in Moscow.
“Any such ‘blessing rite’ would cooperate in a morally forbidden act, no matter how sincere the persons seeking the blessing,” wrote Chaput.
In another established fact, the bullet struck her in the lower back and tore through her abdominal aorta.
The CIA’s ground?
He held Friday's news conference to protect his reputation, he and his attorney said.
The first natural assumption is trust, at least at the basic level of expecting truth most of the time.
Here are the exact words that Comstock used as she described this incident…
After joining the militant group, he agreed to be a suicide bomber, prosecutors said….
Fifth – a combination of the above.”
They said that the nuclear deal with Iran was “the culmination of 13 years of diplomacy and was a major step towards ensuring that Iran’s nuclear programme is not diverted for military purposes.
They can't even agree on the means of proselytizing and of what real spiritual weapons are.
Fernando Karadima who has been found guilty of sexually abusing a slew of minors as a member of the Catholic Church.
They include being caught in flagrante in an elevator with a teenaged male prostitute, and his sexual relationship with a captain in the Swiss army.
Monahan said she had video footage of the incident and levied the allegation just days ahead of a crowded Democratic primary for Minnesota attorney general that Ellison went on to win.
How can they possibly hold those two contradictory ideas at the same time?
"Holy Father, I decided to write this letter to you because I'm tired of fighting, crying and suffering," Mr Cruz writes.
Much of Campos’s story and background remains a mystery.
“First of all, I think what needs to be said is that, from my perspective, there were multiple events that occurred around Las Vegas, up and down the Strip that night.
The aid announced on Friday provides just a fraction of the $94.4 billion Rossello has said the island needs to recover from cataclysmic damage to its infrastructure and housing stock, although Puerto Rico is eligible to participate in other programs that could increase the aid to $45 billion, according to Friday's statement.
Asteroid Will Skim By Earth Days Before Christmas: It Is ‘Potentially Hazardous’
"Thank you for this web-address," they wrote.
“If you possess it just to dispose of it or abandon it, it wouldn’t be a crime,” Gonzalez told reporters.
CBS News reports that though the Osorno group had tried to obtain a meeting during the trip they were refused.
Obedience is relative.
As to the JCPOA’s sunset provisions, the Obama administration lied about that too.
The President, Vice President and all civil Officers of the United States, shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors.
has been the mantra of the neo-Catholic establishment for nearly half a century of ecclesial auto-demolition.
The vitriolic BDS campaign immediately sparked outrage among watchdog groups and politicians prompting McGill principal, Suzanne Fortier, to announce that the school would be conducting an investigation into the matter.
JOHN SOLOMON, THE HILL: You know, Sara just said something about the importance of the dominance of the uranium market.
From dozens of eyewitness reports, including Suchomel’s, that clearly indicate the presence of multiple shooters, to the possibility of helicopters being used in the attack, the American people are clearly not being told the truth.
That’s what the mainstream media, forever wedded to the official story no matter how ridiculous and illogical it is, simply cannot bring themselves to confront.
The targeting of marriage, through the instruments of creatures like the myopic and theologically tunnel-visioned Cardinal Kasper, is demonically brilliant.
The following comes from an article in which Tweeden shared her story…
When it emerged that Campbell had evidence against the Clinton Foundation, a Yahoo News article by Michael Isikoff (of FISA warrant application fame) slammed Campbell as a "disaster" potential witness
Or at least to stop attacking them.
Thus, Francis thanked the Maltese bishops for their AL guidelines, which literally mandate admission to the sacraments of divorced and “remarried” people who believe themselves to be “at peace with God.” And, as he told the bishops of Buenos Aires in writing, “there is no other interpretation.”
And I know that in Spain, for example, the situation in the Church is very bad.
It is as if everyone were permitted to consign to oblivion doctrine already defined by the Church, or else to interpret it in such a way as to weaken the genuine meaning of the words or the recognized force of the concepts involved.
The radio in the region is filled with gospel stations, Bible talk shows and Christian rock.
HANNITY: All right.
And now this is public.
During the clip, Farrakhan repeatedly labels the Jewish people “Satan.” He states, “Really, they’re not Jews.
Attorney David Wohl told Fox News that with negligent discharge of a firearm, the defendant’s action met every standard for involuntary manslaughter.
“I had no way to see into his mind.
Against our faith.
If Trump had extended the secrecy for 25 years, he would have lost leverage to ensure that the CIA complied with its part of the bargain.
But there’s an art to minimizing damage.
When I am elected to Congress, I am going to make fighting this sort of predatory behavior a top priority.
Indeed, it has been pointed out that Francis has gone to considerable lengths to dismantle the efforts of his predecessor at “safeguarding” young people, punishing abusers and removing bishops who cover it up.
the welcoming of migrants regardless of the fact that they are Muslims, something forbidden by Apostolic command: “If anyone comes to you but refuses this Gospel, do not receive him among you nor greet him.
Meanwhile DREAMERs continue violating the law.
The state's Democratic party launched an investigation into the claim, retaining a local attorney with links to the state party to determine whether the alleged incident took place.
They say there are some there.
In July 2010, the Anti-Defamation League (ADL) condemned Ruiz’s AMANA for posting what the ADL called a “venomous” anti-Semitic Duke video onto the group’s official website.
He cited the cases of two U.S. far-right bloggers, Pamela Geller and Robert Spencer, who were banned by May in 2013 from entering the U.K.
Keep in mind something important: After he was arrested, Oswald claimed his innocence.
The outbreak is thought to have begun in September when a man in his 30s, who worked as a game hunter and lived near a cave with a heavy presence of bats, was admitted to a local health center with a high fever, vomiting, and diarrhea.
“Realizing that I had given it up, I mean, it was sort of like a promise to keep the photograph secret,” Muhammad said.
The images, as seen above (Kuiper Belt objects) and below (Wishing Well cluster), are somewhat grainy and not the most detailed we’ve seen from NASA, but that doesn’t make the feat any less remarkable.
Do we accept that outcome, pack up and go home?
Of course she does.
On the video, Farrakhan repeatedly refers to Jews as “Satan.” He states to his audience: “Really, they’re not Jews.
Sweden's murder rate is relatively low in international terms, but gang violence has surged in recent years and Swedes are worried that the police are unable to cope.
The Bishop said to the new priest, “Now you can say Mass for your uncle.
Given that Pope Francis has, since that interview took place, attempted to make the Argentine bishops’ interpretation of AL 'magisterial'--an interpretation that allows public adulterers to receive Holy Communion--Cardinal Burke’s reply to my question on January 9th of this year would seem to take on new relevancy.
Both these kritarchs are part of illegal and unconstitutional #Resistance to the lawful immigration policies of President Trump.
What we need today is a new Athanasius, a new Basil, bishops like those who in the fourth century fought courageously against Arianism when almost the whole of Christendom had succumbed to heresy.
But no government operation ever goes perfectly.
He has a lot of enemies, and the nuclear deal has a lot of supporters on Capitol Hill.
Therefore, we earnestly hope that the restored sacred liturgy will bring forth abundant fruits of eucharistic devotion, so that the Holy Church, under this saving sign of piety, may make daily progress toward perfect unity and may invite all Christians to a unity of faith and of love, drawing them gently, thanks to the action of divine grace.
It’s critical that the international community do the same.
You should learn to call them by their real name, ‘Satan.’ You’re coming face to face with Satan, the Arch Deceiver, the enemy of God, and the enemy of the righteous.”
“The evidence is undeniable.
But Ricca’s activities, for which the pope claimed there was no evidence, were notorious.
Thank you for your response.
For years under Pope Benedict, Muller was engaged in an open war with the German episcopate who insisted that they were going to allow Communion for the divorced and remarried, no matter what Rome said, even threatening to go into schism if they didn’t get their way[2].
The rounds he sold are called "tracer ammunition" – bullets that leave a visible trail when fired.
She resigned in 2017, citing “Vatican officials’ reluctance to cooperate with its work to protect children.” Collins released a damning statement, indicating that the commission had never seriously intended to change or reform anything.
But… what many [bishops] have learned from your pontificate is not that you are open to criticism, but that you resent it… Many fear that if they speak their mind, they will be marginalized or worse.
As a proper Antichrist, Islam exists only as an enemy of all: “Between us and you there is enmity and hatred forever, until you believe in Allah alone!” (Qur’an 60.4) For the Qur’an, Christians “are only impurity” (Quran 9.28),” “the worst of Creation” (Qur’an 98.6), all condemned to Hell (Qur’an 4.48), so Allah must exterminate them (Quran 9.30).
Sitting down with The Hill earlier, Toensing said that the last time her client tried to speak out “both his reputation and liberty” were “threatened” by the Obama administration in a effort to force his silence.
He is due in court again February 15 for a preliminary hearing.
Filed in January and amended last month by the Freedom From Religion Foundation, the suit charges that the Bible class “advances and endorses one religion, improperly entangles public schools in religious affairs, and violates the personal consciences of nonreligious and non-Christian parents and students.”
“[H]is ambassador in Chile had tried to find a way to contain the damage well before the case made headlines.”
It will halt the revival of eucharistic piety among seminarians; in fact, it will reverse the general reforming trend of “conservative” seminaries that was such a feature under John Paul II and has for 30 years been the hook upon which all hopes of restoration have hung.
The ever-changing narrative now though, seems to swirl around this unknown mystery security guard.
Kritarch Patti Saris
While there, however, he grew displeased with how that country treated Muslims.
But even if communications were working, residents can’t get to the port, as many of the island’s roads are impassable and most are without gasoline to power a car.
“I didn’t agree with their ideology.
It moves the minds of the faithful in a Protestant [direction].
There is not a single piece of proof against him.
We don’t know to what extent Kavanaugh was Trump’s choice and to what extent he was manipulated into choosing him.
My therapist released records stating I have been dealing and healing from the abuse.”
The answer: Helms lied.
The script is all too familiar: Discredit the survivors’ testimony, support the prelate in question, and bank on public attention moving on to something else.
Instead, through a combination of rhetorical tricks and soft-peddled Hegelianism, he would completely redefine the role and nature of the Catholic Church.
The state's House of Representatives passed a bill raising the age to buy a gun from 18 to 21 and imposing a three-day waiting period on all gun sales.
notes 336 and 351).
Weinandy, a former chief of staff for the U.S. Bishops’ Committee on Doctrine and a member of the Vatican’s International Theological Commission, warned Pope Francis that he has caused “chronic confusion” among the faithful and bishops.
He says that Dr. Goldstein and I are “foot soldiers of a Leviathan Church” because we defend the Roman Pontiff.
Ed Pentin has a long file of interviews and articles about Muller that clearly show his complete inability to make up his mind whose side he’s on.
The time limit of the Commission’s members was allowed to lapse without renewal and though it was not dissolved formally the Commission has ceased to function with no word of any plan to revive it.
The report’s visual representation of the results (right) shows how race, gender and ethnicity (or their variants) stand out as the history chart-toppers at Australian universities.
The site says that “in addition to Bergoglio’s failure to respond to victims, the public record contains no evidence that he released any information about abusers.”
But in the instant case, McGill’s BDS campaigners dispensed with their traditional charade and overtly launched their attack against Jews.
The American Jewish Historical Society was founded to study and preserve Jewish history.
For us, Hungary is first."
The JCPOA’s fundamental flaws that President Trump wants fixed include Iran’s ability to block unfettered international inspections, the wiggle room that Iran is exploiting to continue developing and testing ballistic missiles capable of delivering nuclear weapons, and the sunset clause on nuclear enrichment that would provide Iran a clear path to becoming a nuclear armed state after the current restrictions are lifted.
At least, Israel has a more sympathetic ear in the Trump administration than it did in the Obama administration for raising its concerns about Iran’s growing threat, not only to Israel but to U.S. interests in the region and beyond.
He still has fever but has stopped vomiting; the child manages to keep in his stomach what he eats and has started a therapy that seems to work.
So flagrant was Ricca’s behaviour that it took intervention by Uruguay’s nuncio to have him removed.
The priest is only the president, and sometimes another man can take the role of the president of the meal.
There is no way to spin this, there is no defense, today the mask came off.
And the story about how their son Cain killed his brother, Abel.
And sure enough, within hours of making his letter public, we learned that Fr.
Thousands were attending the music festival, Route 91 Harvest, when the shooting started.
“That was not an apology and was an insufficient response to serious allegations,” Cecil tweeted.
Instead it seeks to normalize the furthest extremes of anti-Israel hatred.
Richard Conroy, the founder of Sick Holiday, has sent a chilling warning to UK authorities.
While I emphatically disagree with this argument, I have to hand it to Faggioli: From the outset, he made clear that he was not planning to debate Douthat on the implications of the Francis papacy.
He also pedals much bigotry coming from others, including himself.
As is AJHS’s partnership with JVP.
In an environment with “so many young women,” said one ex-House aide, the men “have no self-control.” “Amongst ourselves, we know,” a former Senate staffer said of the lawmakers with the worst reputations.
We chose this example deliberately to demonstrate that “the generous response” could be the ending of a particular sin.
McMaster said that the “so called liberation of areas by Assad’s forces and Iranian proxies could actually accelerate the cycle of violence and perpetuate conflict rather than get us to a sustainable outcome.” He claimed that the Trump administration’s “objectives are to weaken Iranian influence across the region broadly,” without discussing the means to accomplish those objectives.
LAS VEGAS (INTELLIHUB) — The Coroner finally released the autopsy for the 58 victims but not for the alleged shooter Stephen Paddock after a judge ruled that the coroner release all the documents and pay $32,000 in legal fees.
official and former Chief Counsel to the Senate Intelligence Committee Victoria Toensing.
He has done so.
Later in the day, advisers joined the talks for a larger bilateral session and a working lunch.
“Puerto Rico has experienced a natural disaster of a magnitude not seen in over a century, and we are doing everything possible to address the needs of the American citizens of Puerto Rico during this time of crisis,” Rosselló wrote.
Mr. Obama often chastised reporters, including Mr. Acosta on one occasion, for questions he deemed overly aggressive or grandstanding.
“The report does not present a full or accurate picture of the hostile atmosphere facing Jewish students at McGill,” he said in a statement.
In their minds, the assassination was committed by a lone nut former U.S. Marine communist, one who had no motive to kill the president.
Last week, it must have been very much on Kurdish minds.
In my article yesterday, I discussed how one Secret Service agent is charging former Vice-President Joe Biden of engaging in “Weinstein-level” behavior, and I also talked about how 15 million dollars in settlements have been secretly paid out to victims of sexual harassment in the House of Representatives in recent years.
ICE deportation officers carry out targeted enforcement operations daily nationwide as part of the agency’s ongoing efforts to protect the nation, uphold public safety, and protect the integrity of our immigration laws and border controls.
His employer arranged for Patel to fly back to Virginia on Aug. 23, 2016, but instead Patel chose to travel to Jordan, a statement of facts filed with his plea agreement said.
He paid me, put it in his car, and left."
This of course means that a person whose “orientation,” as we might say, is towards falsehood, even when he is at any given moment saying something true, is still servicing his lies.
... At this time, I will be focusing on the issues of this important election."
Originally, as highlighted by The Daily Sheeple, the security guard was hailed as being responsible for preventing the shooter from continuing his massacre because he interrupted him in the middle of the attack.
At a Friday hearing, Saris expressed concern that ICE had broken its word with Rombot after telling him in 2015 that he would "be given an opportunity to prepare for an orderly departure" before being deported.
Moreover, the New Yorker confirmed that Bill Clinton received $500,000 in speaking fees from a Russian investment bank, with ties to the Kremlin, around the same time.
As we pointed out last summer when Peter Schweizer first released his feature documentary Clinton Cash, the Uranium One deal at the center of this scandal is believed to have netted the Clintons and their Clinton Foundation millions of dollars in donations and ‘speaking fees’ from Uranium One shareholders and other Russian entities.
Tea With the Curate: The Attack on Marriage is an Attack on Christ in the Eucharist
Are we prepared for a shooting war with a Syrian army, backed by Russia, Iran, Hezbollah and Shiite militias from Iraq, Afghanistan and Pakistan, to hold onto a fourth of Syria's territory in alliance with Kurds?
A team of experts have warned that huge seismic events, including volcanic eruptions, plunging global temperatures and destabilization of the Earth’s crust will become more common after worrying changes to the surface of the Sun were recorded.
Weinandy a voice raised up by heaven itself to say, from deep within the post-conciliar ecclesial establishment, things that exceed in their candor what even certain traditionalist commentators have ventured to state?
The latest incident at the Canadian university comes with a rather blatant agenda.
That is a fundamental truth of our Faith.
The anti-Trump motion, proposed by Councillor Ohid Ahmed and Councillor Oliur Rahman, passed by a majority vote this week.
It first became prominent after a man named Malcolm Little joined the organization.
No, in his speech decertifying Iran’s compliance with the nuclear accord it struck with his predecessor Barack Obama, Trump didn’t announce a new strategy for preventing Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons, or stemming its hegemonic rise in the Middle East, or limiting its ability to sponsor terrorism.
And they don’t contain any reference to assassinating Kennedy.
It is notable that these remarks preceded Trump’s discussion of the nuclear deal – which was the ostensible subject of his speech.
After 4,500 U.S. dead, scores of thousands wounded and a trillion dollars sunk, our 15-year war in Iraq could end with a Shiite-dominated Baghdad aligned with Tehran.
The UK Home Office also admitted Shaykh Hamza Sodagar into the country, despite the fact that he has said: “If there’s homosexual men, the punishment is one of five things.
And it is everywhere.
He was one of my professors in Patristics at Oxford and he was one of the most mild-mannered, least confrontational, kindest academics one could have hoped to meet.
Ambassador Haley proceeded to list various violations by the Iranian regime of Security Council resolutions pertaining to the transfer of conventional weapons from Iran and the arming of terrorist groups, including the Houthi rebels in Yemen and Hezbollah.
He said he wanted to replace his neighbor’s American flag with it.
“When something is wrong,” she said, “you have to stand up against it.”
I have done nothing.
The recent wave of refugees reaching Europe is merely an invasion, according to Orban.
He walked out of the U.S. District Court in Boston in his blue jail scrubs, without a chance to change into street clothes.
His attempt to debunk the quotation involved nit-picking about what he claimed were factual errors elsewhere in the Roche biography.
Bagheri is quoted as saying that his visit’s purpose was to “put a joint strategy on continuing co-ordination and co-operation at the military level.” Some experts on Iran believe that Bagheri’s visit to Damascus at this time is intended to reinforce a message that Iran will continue to supply weaponry to Syria and to reinforce the presence of its terrorist proxy Hezbollah in Syria.
Believing Catholics have watched aghast as this pope has habitually trampled on every aspect of Catholic teaching.
Death often occurs within 12-24 hours of becoming infected.
Judging Iran by the narrow confines of the nuclear deal misses the true nature of the threat.
(Don’t forget, no question is asked in a papal interview without being thoroughly vetted ahead of time.
Every American owes it to himself to read that manual.
Lead attorney Matt Gonzalez has argued that the weapon was a SIG Sauer with a "hair trigger in single-action mode" — a model well-known for accidental discharges even among experienced shooters.
Since it’s airborne, anyone coming close to the corpse of a person who has died of the black death could themselves, catch the infection.
With Cardinal Marx and others promoting “blessings” for “same-sex unions” are we going to be seeing an escalation of it?
Pamela Geller and Robert Spencer co-founded anti-Muslim group Stop Islamization of America.
It would be safe to assume that the CIA continued developing and expanding on the assassination principles enunciated in that early assassination manual.
Many noted that, at the time, it was only of Archbishop Lefebvre that these conditions were demanded.
Of course, this leads many to believe that Campos didn’t even exist, to begin with.
“I have to ask forgiveness because the word ‘proof’ wounded,” he said.
Boudreau interviewed 38 students over his three-and-a-half week investigation.
The concern over persecution overseas is reviewed by the Executive Branch, and that decision was entered--there is no "bad situation" for her to be concerned about.
In a response to the verdict, Attorney General Jeff Sessions released a statement saying that despite California’s attempt at a murder conviction, Zarate was able to walk away with only a firearm possession conviction because he was not turned over by San Francisco to ICE.
Maybe because the gangs in question are immigrant gangs.
“It doesn’t matter,” FBI spokeswoman Sandra Breault told the Las Vegas Review-Journal on Thursday, when asked why there had been no significant updates in two weeks.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions originally tried to claim that there was no connection between Uranium One and the nuclear transport bribery case, however several congressional republicans pushed back:
I have yet to meet a Catholic prelate who believes that the requirement to treat all charitably applies to those who hold opinions that have been deemed unacceptable.
It’s like the Geller ban on ads on buses and subways in every major American city: the Catholic Church just tried to run ads on buses in Washington, D.C., and discovered that it couldn’t because of the ban on all political ads that was enacted in order to prevent my ads from running.
Lew shared the experience on Facebook.
I do not know, but it is the pope himself who said that.
Thomas Weinandy, the former head of their doctrinal office.
“When a rogue regime starts down the path of ballistic missiles, it tells us that we will soon have another North Korea on our hands,” Ambassador Haley said.
BDS provocateurs at McGill had relentlessly tried and failed to pass boycott resolutions against Israel.
“All I can say is that people who had a lot of hope in this particular pope, and I am talking about just ordinary Catholics that I know in my own parish, would find it very difficult now…and cannot understand and cannot believe that this particular pope has said the things he has said in the last few weeks,” she told the National Catholic Reporter.
We must ask God to put an end to this crisis of the Church.
"This tragedy could have been prevented if San Francisco had simply turned the alien over to ICE as we requested, instead of releasing him back onto the streets," ICE Director Thomas Homan said in a statement on Thursday.
In 2,000, after a decade as a public defender, Gonzalez gained election to the San Francisco Board of Supervisors.
On Friday, US President Donald Trump initiated an important change in US policy toward Iran.
“No evidence…” Lie big, lie often, and when caught, keep lying.
Last Friday, President Trump made the following announcement:
"[Trump] has decided to intervene in a pending law enforcement investigation by ordering the selective release of materials he believes are helpful to his defense team and thinks will advance a false narrative," Schiff said.
It speaks to how deeply and far and widely sharia has been normed and accepted by Western elites.
Anti-Israel activists like Dan Fishback are entitled to exploit Jewish spaces for their propoaganda... even while they advocate a boycott of the Jews of Israel.
A 15-YEAR long mini ice age could be due to hit the Northern hemisphere in just four years as the sun prepares for “hibernation” – triggering a barrage of cataclysmic events, says The Express UK in 2016.
His first-grade school year ends next month.
The media gave scant coverage to Obama’s close relationship with radical Reverend Jeremiah “God damn America) Wright who blamed the US for 9/11.
“When the President issues such an order, it triggers a declassification review process that is conducted by various agencies within the intelligence community, in conjunction with the White House Counsel, to seek to ensure the safety of America’s national security interests,” a Justice Department spokesperson said in a statement to Fox News.
SPECIAL REPORT: Pope Francis Accused of Inaction in Notorious Sex Abuse Cases
Sign up here to get INSIDER's favorite stories straight to your inbox.
He had also heard from various personalities of the curia, and none of them had raised objections.”
Though more details are being released each day, Paddock’s motives remain unclear.
Beila Rabinowitz, Director of Militant Islam Monitor, contributed to this report.
Bishop Marian Eleganti
“At the time of this tribulation a man, not canonically elected, will be raised to the Pontificate, who, by his cunning, will endeavour to draw many into error and death.
Indeed, he has done so for years.
Cook County Sheriff’s Office did not honor the ICE detainer that was placed.
On Friday, former Puerto Rican Governor Alejandro García Padilla tweeted a photo from inside a hospital, in which scrubbed-up doctors leaned over an operating table performing surgery lit only by a flashlight.
Arizona and Nevada do not have such a requirement, nor do they mandate that dealers keep a record of ammunition transactions.
The professor, according to BuzzFeed News, failed Arnolds because "Australia is a continent; not a country," which, again, is incorrect, just so we're clear here.
This is a fact.
She also said it was untrue that children who didn’t take the class weren’t made to “feel different or ostracized.”
As part of her final class, for which she paid almost $1,000, students were required to complete a project outline last month in which they would compare a social norm in the US and another country.
On average, between 300 and 600 infections are recorded every year among a population approaching 25 million people, according to a UN estimate.
They needed to frame someone for the crime.
One of the principles of modern man, as they say now, “modern man,” is democracy.
Second, there is no truth, no real mercy, and no authentic compassion, in blessing a course of action that leads persons away from God.”
But the Fastiggi-Goldstein interpretation is precisely the contrary of the interpretation Francis has assiduously promoted and which Fastiggi and Goldstein just as assiduously ignore: i.e., that people in “second marriages” do not have to live in continence, but rather—in “certain cases”—may continue their adulterous relations while receiving absolution and Holy Communion during a “process of discernment.” As we know, in his letter to the bishops of Buenos Aires, published on the Vatican website (in response to a query he himself may have solicited), Bergoglio informed them “there is no other interpretation.”
Haig added, "I had no contribution to what Paddock did.
Just one of those Danish gangs led by a fellow named Khan.
Now, some say the Council is (was) good, but only the reforms were bad.
Would Saint Francis have been horrified by the words and deeds of the Pope who has presumed to take his name?
Trump Effect: Islamic Republic Ceases Naval Provocations in Arabian Gulf
“Pope Francis fully recognizes the egregious failures of the Church and its clergy who abused children and the devastating impact those crimes have had on survivors and their loved ones,” O’Malley said.
The source added that the Justice Department is working on a "compressed timeline" and they expect the first release of records in days or sooner.
But, he said, he was afraid of making his parents sad.
But in the midst of that “final battle” over marriage and family of which Sister Lucia warned the late Cardinal Caffarra in light of the Third Secret of Fatima, within the human element of the Church only the cardinals and the bishops possess the divinely bestowed power to repel an assault on marriage, family and the very integrity of the Faith that is now, for the first time in Church history, being led by a Roman Pontiff.
Trump’s address has the potential to serve as the foundation of a major, positive shift in US policy toward Iran.
I certainly agree that the Latin text is the normative text even if it comes later.
Unfortunately, Mr. Ferrara provides no real evidence for his claim that Pope Francis “wishes the bishops to admit public adulterers in 'second marriages' to the sacraments while continuing their adulterous relations.”
According to Ritter, the entire debacle has shown that if Saudi Arabia cannot contain the Houthi’s missile capabilities, it cannot possibly hope to take on Iran, which possesses a significantly more advanced military than the Houthis do on their own.
If the treatment is not given in a very short period of time these people will end up dying.”
Would President Trump be willing to fight a new war to keep Iran from consolidating its position in Iraq and Syria?
So, Rome is responsible [for the situation of the Church in Spain] because it is Rome who approves the nominations for bishops.
Wouldn’t it be more logical to either have the shots fired from the rear, where Oswald was, or, alternatively, place Oswald in the front, where the shots were fired?
As defense attorney Francisco Ugarte said, the verdict was a “vindication for the rights of immigrants.”
This kind of calumny is alien to the nature of the Petrine ministry….
Hide Caption 27 of 30 Photos: Mass shooting at Las Vegas music festival A woman sits on a curb at the scene of the shooting.
It was at exactly this time, however, that victims from Argentina were attempting to get the new pope’s attention.
Moreover, did he stop shooting because he was planning his escape from the 32nd floor?
By placing the nuclear deal in the context of Iran’s consistent, overarching hostility and aggression, Trump made it self-evident that no US interest is served in continuing to give Iran a free pass from congressional sanctions.
“Well, they could be–lets face it, ISIS twice before the attack, ISIS warned the United States that they would attack Las Vegas in June and August after the attack claimed responsibility four times.
Police say Paddock, 64, opened fire on October 1 from his 32nd-floor room at Las Vegas' Mandalay Bay hotel onto a crowd attending a music festival, killing 58 people and shooting and injuring 422 others.
When White posted the article on Facebook, she heard from some supporters, but many others questioned her faith.
As for Ratzinger/Benedict’s procedural reforms, rumours continue to circulate that the pope intends to reverse them as well, placing competence back into the hands of the same dicastery that held it when the scandals broke in 2001.
Among the guidelines was a restriction of one question per reporter, with follow-ups allowed at the discretion of the president or the White House official at the lectern.
Please keep our first responders and the officers’ families in your thoughts and prayers.
But unfortunately we can’t get a high-resolution image of this thing to see what kind of crater is on it that might be attributed to the collision that caused it to start tumbling."
A quick review of flight records during that time reveals that a squadron of EC-130 Eurocopters departed from Maverick Leasing LLC at 10:12 p.m., several of which appear to have overflown the parking lot where the victim and debris were seen.
To do otherwise would be foolish.”
So, as Fastiggi and Goldstein would have it, all the tumult triggered by AL is just a misunderstanding caused by uninformed people who haven’t consulted the Latin text—including those ignorant Vatican translators.
But they will not be any less difficult.
"It makes me feel horrible," he said at a news conference Friday morning.
Considering how much trust the Catholic faithful had in the papacy until about 1965, how much un-earned trust Francis started with just by being elected, this pontificate should be remembered as one of the great confidence scams in history.
Rombot was taken into custody because he had an outstanding Final Order Of Removal; that's a big difference and symptomatic of the lies from reporters like Raymond.
The bubonic form of the plague, responsible for the “Black Death” in the 14th century strikes the country each year and infects around 600 people.
Though the website Bishop Accountability is blatantly anti-clerical, their data is unassailable since most of it comes from information that is already public.
He asked the following, “Did you hear what President Obama said?… Do you know what a sad situation we are in this country?...
Police and hotel still don’t agree on some details.
When that happens, the killer’s public defender will call it a “vindication for the rights of immigrants.”
By merging Iran’s external aggression with its internal repression, Trump signaled a readiness to drive a wedge – or expand the wedge – between the authoritarian theocrats that rule Iran and the largely secular, multiethnic and pro-Western people of Iran.
While Israel chose not to take sides in Syria's civil war with military intervention of its own, it has bombed weapons storage facilities and convoys inside Syria for its own protection.
Interestingly, there are also reports that Stephen Paddock’s girlfriend actually deleted her Facebook page an hour before police released her boyfriends name.
Authorities released incident reports showing police had been to his home or had dealings with him several times since 2017.
“It’s not teaching religion, but it teaches character and respect and how important it is to tell the truth,” she said.
Promising criminal investigations targeting Iran’s chief terror proxy, Hezbollah, were shut down.
Some Farrakhan quotes:
I was raised to believe we were a people of dissent and argument.
Who would those confederates be?
IAEA inspectors have avoided examining military sites it knows exists and has no reliable way of tracking undeclared sites.
From Rome we expect only the good.
That the neo-Catholic establishment refuses to recognize the grim reality of this unprecedented pontificate is but another page in the long annals of its shameful defense of the indefensible to the detriment of Holy Mother Church.
The meaningless slogan “journey of discernment” cloaks a naked authorization for the official toleration of adulterous sexual relations in the Church’s sacramental life.
Inzoli had even abused boys in the confessional, convincing them that the abuse was approved by God.
TPM has published the photo above with Muhammad’s permission.
Jean Benoit Manhes, the deputy representative of Unicef, told the Irish Times: “Some escaped because they’re afraid of needles.
For the record, our group refused to vote in this farce.” “Tower Hamlets is home to one of the country’s most diverse communities,” the motion begins, adding that it “has the highest percentage of Muslim residents in England – 35 per cent compared with the national average of 5 per cent”.
As for my metaphorical reference to a “Leviathan Church,” I am afraid Dr. Fastiggi has succumbed to an unfortunate literal-mindedness.
It also bemoans that he has allegedly “bigoted attitude towards women, ethnic minorities and Muslims which has resulted in examples of division and hatred within the USA and beyond” and attacks his “illogical” decision to move the U.S. embassy in Israel to Jerusalem.
One of the many things these secular reporters seem not to be paying attention to is that “no evidence” is in fact a well-rehearsed, stock response for Bergoglio.
The pattern of silence and, when pressed, flat-out denial has been Bergoglio’s policy since long before he came on the international scene.
I cannot condemn him if I don’t have – I don’t say proof – but evidence.
It’s fair to say that we’re very confident on the first issue.
"We will do it as fast as it can mechanically and physically be done," he said.
Lambert and others also allegedly used code words like “lucky figures,” “LF,” “lucky numbers,” and “cake” to describe the payments in emails to the Russian official at his personal email account.
“They (TVEL) continue to assist with construction consult and fabricated assemblies to supply the reactor.
Victor, at the same news conference at his Phoenix-area office, said the tracer ammunition that Haig sold Paddock "was not modified in any way ... from manufacturer's specs."
On Friday, Lombardo effectively agreed with the company’s statement, though he argued that the 9:59 p.m. time he had offered four days earlier “wasn’t inaccurate when I provided it.” Lombardo said he was told this time had been written by someone in a security log.
“Police only arrive in this area for the first time around ten-forty-five p.m. when the body is still there.” The victim’s body was eventually was loaded into the back of a Ford Raptor pickup truck at 11:50 p.m. and taken away.
The accusations that stood against Karadima come from the same sources as those against Barros, who the victims said was in the room watching at the time.
“Whether it’s the Bible, whether it’s Koran, whether it’s Torah, whether it’s some other book.
His goal is to “normalize Jewish anti-Zionism”.
The exact same aircraft and apparent muzzles flashes can also be seen in the Arch Angel Studios “First Shots” video which was posted to YouTube on Oct. 2, just one day after the shooting.
"People need to do their research and think rather than just react viscerally.”
Just contact with a corpse who’s death was because they contracted the plague could sicken a person.
Yes, a spy, the type of people that work for the CIA.
Here’s my next prediction: the congressional investigations into Trump’s supposed “collusion” with Russia are about to fizzle out.
A new, open letter to the pope is making the rounds on the Internet, and it has gathered over 2,600 signatures so far.
The new timeline has left investigators and researchers with new questions, two of which are extremely important:
Kerry claimed on September 2, 2015 that the JCPOA “never sunsets.
He was ordained a bishop on Jan. 31, 2010.
This means that his use of this language was a conspiratorial wink and nod to his immediate audience, a sly message to say, “People talk all the time about a gay lobby, but you and I both know this is mostly nonsense, propaganda from those people… those conservatives…We cool and hip people don’t hate gays, do we?”
The problem, as any clear-eyed observer of the process recognizes, is that the IAEA relies on Iran for self-inspection of certain sites that the regime does not want the IAEA to inspect freely on its own.
The malevolent BDS campaign at McGill had belatedly come to an ignominious end; or so we thought.
It appears that a further cover-up is underway in regards to the 1 October massacre in which 58 people were killed
They and the illegal immigrants they were trying to smuggle are all being processed for deportation, CBP said.
Why would a genuine communist want to join an organization in which he could be ordered, on a moment’s notice, to return to Korea or be sent to Vietnam, Laos, China, the Soviet Union, or Europe to kill communists?
Most recently, on October 30th, Crux quoted him under the headline, “Cardinal Muller backs Pope Francis against critics of ‘Amoris Laetitia’” in which the former head of the CDF has at last climbed on board the Kasperian train on reception of Communion for unrepentant adulterers.
©2018 The Virginian-Pilot (Norfolk, Va.)
Alex Bastian of the San Francisco prosecutor’s office told reporters the verdict “was not the one we were hoping for,” but the Steinle family could be forgiven for any reasonable doubts about the prosecution.
“There are two principles we need to remember,” Chaput wrote.
I visit many countries.
But I would like to warn of the third, whom I know well, since he was a seminarian, and who presents problems both on the level of doctrine and morality.
Apparently, they think they can fool us in the next phase of the program of moral subversion that this incredible Pope seriously expects us to believe is an imperative of “mercy”: the justification of contraception in “complex cases” to which “discernment” must be applied.
Causing faithful Catholics to “lose confidence in their supreme shepherd.”
“The essential question is whether the Obama Justice Department provided notice of the criminal activity of certain officials before the CFIUS approval of the Uranium One deal and other government decisions that enabled the Russians to trade nuclear materials in the U.S,” Grassley scolded.”
More recently, he let the abuse commission lapse at the end of last year.
Kritarch Saris has apparently seen the SCOTUS writing on the wall, and perhaps had an attack of her legal conscience and decided that she will acquiesce on the major issue, but fight on a minor issue.
I provided medical records from 2017, stating on two different Dr.
"I want to get our soldiers out.
Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trade Péter Szijjártó said on Tuesday,“Hungary will not become an immigrant country, it has never admitted and will never admit illegal immigrants."
This month has been quite a spectacle, even for this pontificate; an apparently unending stream of outrages and embarrassments, with the pope and his Vatican media support jumping from one scandal to the next.
The Balfour event was not AJHS’ only partnership with JVP.
While the mainstream media was announcing for the past two weeks that President Trump was going to release the CIA’s long-secret records on the JFK assassination, I took a different position.
“There’s no other way you can coin it.
The authorities recorded more than 2 000 cases, and Tedros said Wednesday the death toll stood at 207.
“I would like to take this opportunity to make it clear that there is absolutely no place for anti-Semitism at McGill University and that, as principal and vice-chancellor, I will remain vigilant to ensure that all members of our community feel safe, welcomed and respected on our campuses.”
To date, in addition to the three original signatories from Kazakstan, the following prelates have signed the profession: Cardinal Janis Pujats, Emeritus Archbishop Metropolitan of Riga, Latvia; Archbishop Carlo Maria Viganò, former apostolic nuncio to the United States; His Excellency Luigi Negri, Archbishop emeritus of Ferrara-Comacchio, Italy; Bishop Andreas Laun, Emeritus Auxiliary of Salzburg, Austria; and His Excellency Rene Gracida, Bishop emeritus of Corpus Christi, Texas, USA.
“We are grateful for the public health emergency declaration in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, but more can and should be done to help Americans impacted by these disasters.”
Our friend Edward Pentin has reproduced the full text of the letter at the National Catholic Register which is definitely worth a read.
Denunciations of “gun violence” were nowhere in evidence and expressions of sympathy for the Steinle family proved pathetically weak.
John Kerry has obviously learned nothing from the North Korean fiasco, which resulted from years of phony agreements with the rogue regime and so-called “strategic patience.” The United States clearly does not have the same military options today to deal with a nuclear armed North Korea as it did 23 years ago when former President Bill Clinton decided not to use military force to stamp out North Korea’s nuclear program at its inception.
By removing criminal aliens from the streets, our ICE officers provide an invaluable community service by improving public safety.”
The Pope later apologised for hurting victims' feelings "without meaning to" but continued to insist there was "no evidence" against the bishop.
The talks were quickly revived, leading to the highly choreographed event that unfolded Tuesday.
He has publicly told the Muslim invaders to leave Hungary and never come back.
Lyndon Johnson gets Earl Warren and Sen. Richard Russel to join the Warren Commission by telling them that the assassination could lead to World War III.
Haley’s essential claim was that Saudi Arabia is under attack by missiles supplied to Yemen by the Iranian government and that the world should not sit idly by as this goes on.
His response was a smile and shoulder shrug.” But Campbell had provided the FBI with evidence of the criminal network and delivered the information to the FBI, which was monitoring his work as an informant and approving his transfer of bribery money to the Russians.
No, we & are families are trying to heal.”
The President of AMANA, Sofian Zakkout, has referred to Duke as “David Duke, a man to believe in!”
She also created a Task Force on Respect and Inclusion in Campus Life and a support line to report incidents of intolerance.
#LasVagasShooting pic.twitter.com/U9tULYsk2R — Michael 🇺🇸 (@trendy) October 3, 2017
That raised a number of question, including why no one called 911 after what must have been a loud volley of shots in a hotel hallway.
They spent several minutes answering specific questions.
Since 2001, Cardinal Ratzinger and later as Pope Benedict installed effective procedural reforms on clerical sexual abuse; Francis in his short five years has all but completely dismantled or reversed those changes.
President Trump’s sharp denunciation of the Iranian regime during his address to the UN General Assembly represented a welcome departure from the Obama administration’s milquetoast approach to Iran.
Contrary to what the mainstream press is asserting, the records undoubtedly contain more incriminating circumstantial evidence that fills in the mosaic of a U.S. national-security regime-change operation on November 22, 1963.
“I have never been contacted by anyone connected to WikiLeaks, either directly or indirectly.
The fact is that the CIA put in its request to Trump for continued secrecy of its JFK records long before yesterday.
As part of the Guatemala regime-change operation, the CIA prepared a list of Guatemalan officials to be assassinated.
This necessarily meant that Kennedy had been shot from the front, not the rear, where accused assassin Lee Harvey Oswald was situated.
Meanwhile the Grenade Amnesty doesn't seem to have worked.
Marie Collins, the Irish abuse survivor and Commission member who resigned, citing the Vatican’s refusal to take meaningful action, told AP, “When we gave him [O’Malley] the letter for the pope, he assured us he would give it to the pope and speak of the concerns.
Among the signs held by protesters in Chile last week were those reading, “Ni zurdos, ni tontos,” (Neither lefties nor stupid).
Aides to Mr. Trump say that the president does not mind answering questions, pointing to his numerous impromptu sessions with reporters during White House photo-ops and Marine One departures.
Travelers are being warned to keep their distance from areas of Madagascar affected by the bubonic plague.
Lindsay Menz says Franken grabbed her buttocks when the pair posed for a photo at the Minnesota State Fair in 2010.
According to the Daily Mail, Madagascar’s healthcare system will be unable to cope if the deadly plague outbreak continues to escalate, a scientist has warned.
The backlash to his release into the community crescendoed when Donald Trump invoked Ms. Steinle’s killing as he campaigned for president.
Historically dubbed the “black death” the bubonic plague has been responsible for several worldwide pandemics in the past.
I was in Spain during the Christmas Holy Days.
Boudreau made his clarification after it was pointed out the anti-Semitic language was published prior to the vote.
“I guess you could say, in a very generalistic sense…and I mean, this is as vanilla as you can possibly make it…that as the sun gets quieter so does our magnetic field get weaker or so it appears to be,” says Joseph.
ISIS terrorists, he said, infiltrated the U.S. via the southern border prior to the attack blamed on alleged lone gunman Stephen Paddock.
Haig said he's received death threats since the search warrant documents were released Tuesday.
For decades, the county’s public schools have offered a weekly Bible class during the school day — 30 minutes at the elementary level and 45 minutes in middle school.
This was a critical point because for the past two years, US discourse on Iran has focused solely on whether or not Iran was complying with Obama’s nuclear pact.
If the Iran deal and sanctions are two components to a larger strategy rather than the entire strategy, they can be helpful.
There are a couple of Catholic churches, a synagogue and a mosque, but the vast majority of houses of worship are Baptist, Methodist or Pentecostal.
Rombot was taken into custody because he was soon to be deported.
When Khweis was first captured in Iraq in March 2016, he told the FBI that he was following a young woman.
Nevada Sheriff Joe Lombardo said police were investigating who leaked the crime scene photos.
"I think our whole relationship with North Korea and the Korean Peninsula is going to be a very much different situation than it has in the past," Trump said during the summit.
Even so, the politically correct jury found the career criminal not guilty of murder and manslaughter.
The complaint does not name Haig's associate.
His administration remained largely silent when Iranians took to the streets in 2009 to protest a rigged election.
Coroner Defies Court Order: Won't Release Las Vegas Shooter's Autopsy Report
Douglas Haig’s @LinkedIn Account says he also has “DOD Top secret clearance” on top of specializing in military ammunition.
His goal is to “normalize Jewish anti-Zionism”.
Court documents say Patel lied about his travel history, saying his only time out of the country in the past seven years was a family trip to India in 2011 and 2012.
More straightforward questions also remain unanswered, including whether the 32nd floor of Mandalay Bay — where the gunman was staying — has surveillance cameras, and what exactly investigators collected in the gunman’s hotel room and homes.
Lombardo didn't disclose the person's name, saying those details were "under federal grand jury disclosure" rules.
But in 1967, it became outspokenly and flagrantly anti-Zionist, in an expression of solidarity with Palestinians.
They are not crimes, right?
Keep in mind that at least four videos from the scene of the shooting have already been released that indicate there were multiple shooters.
The issue was so sensitive that Warren ordered the members of the commission to never reveal the meeting to the American people.
“I didn’t agree with their ideology,” Khweis said in an interview with Kurdistan24 in 2016.
He said McGill is not alone in this respect, as this is a continent-wide phenomenon within student politics.
To understand what must be done we must return to Trump’s speech and its strategic significance.
Because when the reforms come, Rome always says the reforms are being done in the name of the Council.
One can imagine that said terrorists either helped Paddock or were actually some of the many other shooters reported that night.
Paddock then turned his fire into the hallway, firing some 200 bullets, and after that the shooting stopped as police arrived.
One of them was welcomed by the Archbishop of Canterbury.
To date, in addition to the three original signatories from Kazakstan, the following prelates have signed the profession:
The Indonesians are part of an ethnic community of about 2,000 people clustered around the city of Dover in New Hampshire’s seacoast region.
The Nation of Islam had gained followers around the nation in the 1940s and ’50s by providing something of a religious answer to antiblack racism.
And Darul Uloom Arabic teacher Imran Mandhai, along with mosque goers Hakki Aksoy and Shueyb Mossa Jokhan, hatched a plot at the mosque to blow up different South Florida structures, including area power stations, Jewish businesses, and a National Guard armory.
We need a bishop who’s credible.”
For many in Congress, having so many attractive young women around is one of the key benefits of the job.
The American people are not going to put up with this any longer.
As The New York Times reports, Ms. Steinle’s death in July 2015 fed into a fierce debate over whether immigrants without legal status should be deported more aggressively, and over the role local law enforcement should play.
When he tried to bring some of the allegations to light in the lawsuit last year, “the Obama Justice Department threatened him with loss of freedom.
​Despite suffering several public and humiliating reversals in various forums and venues, those pushing for boycotts, divestment and sanctions (BDS) against Israel have not dispensed with their pernicious campaign of hate.
Its website said that “outbreaks of plague tend to be seasonal and occur mainly during the rainy season.” The African island’s wet season officially began today and will last until the end of April, meaning the downward trend the plague had seen over the past few days, will likely turn upward again.
Would Congress, apparently clueless to the presence of 800 U.S. troops in Niger, authorize a new U.S. war in Syria or Iraq?
In light of intelligence reports that Assad may be ready to invite Iran to set up military bases in Syria, Israeli leaders have concluded that they cannot wait until the Trump administration decides to deal more forcefully with Iran's growing use of Syria as a staging area for carrying out its expansionist Shiite Crescent strategy.
A draft report obtained by the AP noted Monahan's shifting rationale for refusing to produce the video footage, including that it was lost, was on a USB drive in storage and would be too embarrassing and traumatic to release it.
One of the immigrants, Terry Helmuth Rombot, has been in federal custody since appearing for an August check-in.
But if our victory in the war against ISIS leaves Iran in the catbird seat in Baghdad and Damascus, and its corridor from Tehran to Baghdad, Damascus and Beirut secure, is that really a victory?
Sofian Abdelaziz Zakkout is the President of the American Muslim Association of North America (AMANA).
This is not, therefore, merely a matter of a bishop or colleague discovering the abuse after the fact, but of being a voyeuristic participant.
The text messages are expected to take longer because of the sheer number involved and the fact that Trump ordered their release without redactions.
The sum of all this has been, as in many other episodes, that Trump and his White House are a gang that can’t shoot straight and that he’s eager to blame his allies and lash out at his enemies in ugly ways when things go wrong.
Kerry declared, “15 or 25 years from now, we still have the same military options we have today.”
A similar judgment might well befall this Pope, but it is not for us to level it.
Indeed, Francis claim that he met with and heard the “pain” of the victims is untrue in the specific case in hand.
“It is hard to fathom how such a transaction could have been approved without the existence of the underlying corruption being disclosed.
You can find the Church of God here.
Several hundred people have been exposed to the virus as officials worry this outbreak could spread rapidly into regions already devastated by the ongoing black death outbreak.
The CIA published that secret assassination manual as part of its preparations for a U.S. regime-change operation in Guatemala, one that was designed to violently remove the nation’s democratically elected socialist president, Jacobo Arbenz, from office and replace him with an unelected, right-wing, pro-U.S. military general.
As their U.S. allies watched, the Kurdish peshmerga fighters were run out of Kirkuk and all the territory they had captured fighting ISIS alongside the Americans.
Its presence in Syria could now be permanent.
Sometimes the choices are murky.
At the time of Steinle's death, Garcia Zarate had been convicted of nonviolent drug crimes and deported five times since the early 1990s.
It would take just one infected traveler who made it to Africa’s mainland or even nearby British honeymoon paradises like Mauritius, the Maldives or the Seychelles to spread the disease globally.
In an interview with Crux, Weinandy said he is not afraid of reprisals but “more concerned about the good that my letter might do.” The letter “expresses the concerns of many more people than just me, ordinary people who’ve come to me with their questions and apprehensions.
The bill, already passed by the Senate, now goes to the state governor.
If Oswald was a genuine communist, why would he have joined the Marines in the 1950s, given that the Marines hated communists and had just helped kill millions of them in the Korean War?
Hide Caption 8 of 30 Photos: Mass shooting at Las Vegas music festival A man lays on top of a woman as others flee the festival grounds.
“I thought this acknowledgement was very important and I really did appreciate that he clarified the matter,” he said.
They can see what the priest does at the adoration of the Body and the Blood of Jesus Christ.
That was more than two weeks before the bishop's ordination in the south Chilean city of Osorno, an event dramatically disrupted by hundreds of protesters accusing Bishop Barros of covering up Karadima's sex attacks on young boys.
“This is the new Sweden; the new, exciting dynamic, multicultural paradise that so many here in this assembly ... have fought to create for so many years,” he said sarcastically.
This article was originally published by Tyler Durden at Zero Hedge
It would also explain why the CIA was closely monitoring Oswald’s movements prior to the assassination, something else that the CIA kept secret for decades.
San Francisco Sheriff Ross Mirkarimi chose to defy the feds and release the Mexican national.
This troubling issue arose again yesterday, November 2, in the Washington Post in an article entitled “Tantalizing Mystery of JFK Assassination Files Solved – 23 Years Ago.” In the article, author Ian Shapira points out that among the long-secret CIA records that were recently released was a deposition of former CIA Director Richard Helms taken in 1975 before the President’s Commission on CIA Activities, which stated as follows:
Kuttab has defended Islamic anti-Semitism by claiming that the “distrust Moslems feel towards Jews” is due to “two acts of betrayal by Jewish tribes against the Prophet.” And that Jews suffer from a “Holocaust Syndrome” of entitlement.
Why not extend the secrecy for another 25 years, which is undoubtedly what the CIA wanted?
The latest outbreak of #BDStears comes from Dan Fishback and his supporters.
Kate Steinle's death at the hands of a Mexican national became a flashpoint in the immigration debate — here's the story behind her killing
Democrats, weeks later, released their own version of the memo.
A wider strategy would target Iran’s regional aggression by weakening its proxies and clients from Hezbollah and Hamas to the regimes in Iraq, Yemen, Syria and Lebanon.
The modification kits, on the other hand, appear to be of Iranian origin, and were transported to Yemen via Oman.
The grand minimum will be an exaggerated version of the typical solar minimum, and could produce some very noticeable effects.
Ambellas claims helicopters provided an "air assault" during the massacre, a ludicrous theory he's expounded upon on InfoWars with the internet's conspiracy-theorist-in-chief Alex Jones.
Defense attorney Matt Gonzalez said Garcia Zarate found the gun at the pier… but the stories of what happened copntradicted one another…
Do you believe in the Quran?
Commonly this the pattern of Judges who don't want to be overruled as frequently as 9th Circuit Judges do.
Hanging in the balance of the court case is what he will learn in the Bible course in second grade.
But Francis, as any reasonable observer can see, has no intention of offering any such correction.
And slowly, slowly, this new Mass equivocates.
I don't think it's me at all," Haig said.
Still, the delay prompted critics to speculate that the delay signaled the White House was having second thoughts about the nomination.
The knowledge of key administration officials will be the next thing proven by both of you, and the links to the Clinton foundation.
A pattern or model to follow is an ideal, as a standard Latin dictionary confirms with its definition of exemplar: “(1) copy/reproduction, (2) model, pattern, example, original, ideal.
If you agree, I hope that you will support my campaign and the campaigns of other anti-establishment candidates that want to clean up the halls of Congress.
She accused her husband of threatening to kill her, their daughter and himself.
Now, more than a year after the investigations began, it’s looking less likely than ever that President Trump did anything wrong… but the investigations seem to be zeroing in on key Clinton team members (including the Clintons themselves).
Any financial support would be appreciated for the time he would need to recover.”
We need this adoration.
Whether the Trump administration follows through remains to be seen.
“I was blocked from being able to participate in my student government because I am Jewish, because I have been affiliated with Jewish organizations, and because I believe in the right to Jewish self-determination.” Lew added that the experience shows the inherent anti-Semitism in the BDS movement.
During the crux of the debate — the discussion of communion for the divorced and remarried — Faggioli raised his most theologically unsettling point.
What is in the new law?
In a statement, Ellison thanked Ellingstad for conducting a "thorough, independent, and fair review."
The true liturgy is hierarchical.
He is a mysterious man.
Time for Congress to impeach Saris and to remove authority from lesser courts to review immigration law enforcement, detention, and deportation decisions.
He was providing himself and his services to the organization.”
Concerned clergy and laity throughout the Catholic world are doing what they can according to their stations.
Nothing has changed, and his plea for forgiveness is empty.”
“Fascism.” By that Bryant means “defending British values.”
The Las Vegas Security Guard Credited With Finding Shooter, Mysteriously Vanished Into Thin Air
The research team watched 'Oumuamua’s brightness change over time to model exactly how it was spinning.
Some have speculated that his administration missed out on a prime opportunity for regime change.
Trump’s move was not operational.
DOJ Unseals Indictment Involving Uranium One Scandal
Lombardo also said police had hunted for the source of the gunfire and that officers responding to the gunman’s floor were unaware that a guard was shot until they arrived there, at which point the shooting rampage had ended.
If the CIA fails to fulfill its part of the bargain, Trump releases the records in April.
It was also why he was sent to Mexico City, where he would be ordered to visit the Cuban and Soviet Embassies, no doubt being told that he was being prepared for an important mission, maybe to enter Cuba to assassinate Castro.
Ten African nations have already been put on alert that the plague could easily spread to their region of the globe.
Juan Barros witnessed all of this on countless occasions, not just in my case but in the case of others as well."
Benelli told me he visits the pope every day.
A Nevada judge on Tuesday unsealed police search warrant records -- prepared shortly after the shooting -- that mentioned two persons of interest in the case.
And, like, it depends on the type of sin, right?
However, one individual who represents the Muslim community of South Florida, Sofian Zakkout, is enamored with Duke and has been promoting Duke’s bigoted work for many years.
“I’m waiting and all of a sudden we hear a little whizzing going by us, all of a sudden bullets are just flying by,” he continued.
“He has a great, steadfast commitment to justice,” Nader told reporters.
I have heard this (personally) twice.
They cannot agree on the Scriptures.
Iran’s mischief-making extends far and wide but it is in the Arabian Gulf where friction between the IRGC and the United States Navy remains constant.
An Anti-Semitic Purge At McGill University
It’s really just the opposite.
Cardinal Burke to Michael Matt: "Amoris Not An Exercise of Magisterium" (Now what?)
Before the sale, Paddock told him "that he was going to go out to the desert and put on a light show" with the ammunition -- that he was "going to go out and shoot it at night with friends."
But the deterrent effect of the Navy’s 5th Fleet, and for that matter America’s military might, is only as effective as the political leadership that commands it, and Barack Obama as Commander in Chief of the armed forces did little to instill fear or project deterrence.
If you recall, we reported on Islamic terrorists settling into Mexico and crossing the border some years back and that came out as the infamous "Gang of Eight" were working on an immigration deal and had rejected building the 700 miles of double-tier border fencing Congress authorized just seven years ago, with a majority of the Senate saying they didn't want to delay granting illegal immigrants legal status while the fence was being built.
A more simple question to him would be this: “Are you refusing submission to the Roman Pontiff or communion with the members subject to him?”
And it looks extremely bad.
And I can't remember whether he said for or with his friends, but that's what he did say," Haig said.
“God decides the time, and the time will come when the Pope and the episcopacy again will proclaim, with all clarity, unambiguity and beauty, the sanctity of marriage, and of the family, and of the Eucharist,” Schneider told LifesiteNews in an exclusive Jan. 15 interview.
The JVP events have been canceled That includes Fishback's Rubble and Rubble.
But even before this was the sinister appearance of Godfried Cardinal Danneels on the loggia on the night of Francis’s election to the papacy.
AL will doubtless be providing cover for a whole new line of Authentic Magisterium® products, all of which will be utter fakes, including some form of “pastoral integration” of homosexual unions.
A disgraceful verdict in the Kate Steinle case!
In 2015 the Italian newspaper Il Fatto Quotidiano published a video of him scolding two women who spoke with him in St. Peter’s Piazza, asking that he reconsider the appointment, citing the “suffering” of the Church in Chile over the issue.
I believe that when you are dealing with such a person, you must distinguish between the fact of a person being gay and the fact of someone forming a lobby, because not all lobbies are good.
pic.twitter.com/z3JRAE80z6 — RAMZPAUL (@ramzpaul) October 3, 2017
But the real question is will anyone be able to see the asteroid’s close approach to our planet.
So long as the US continues to maintain a policy based on the false view that all that is necessary to destroy the threat of a nuclear armed Iran is a combination of the nuclear deal and economic sanctions, it will continue to ensure that Iran and its nuclear program remain a major threat.
The Latest: Police identify suspect in 2 officers' shootings By The Associated Press WESTERVILLE, Ohio — Feb 10, 2018 Police in Ohio have identified a 30-year-old man as a suspect in the fatal shooting of two police officers in a Columbus suburb, and released reports showing authorities have had several dealings with him, some involving alleged domestic violence.
The men position the victim behind a Ford pickup truck, presumably to shield themselves and the victim from taking any further incoming rounds as they attempted to give the victim medical assistance.
Haig did not describe the ammunition as armor-piercing.
Patrick J. Buchanan needs no introduction to VDARE.COM readers; his books
The president also ordered the release of unredacted text messages from fired FBI Special Agent Peter Strzok, former FBI counsel Lisa Page, former FBI Director James Comey and former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe.
We planned to pay our respects to Lee Rigby by placing a wreath at his memorial, in his memory and in memory of his service.
In the meantime, Kerry advises us not to worry.
The informant, who is so far only known as “Confidential Source 1,” says that when he attempted to come forward last year with information that linked the Clinton Foundation directly to the scandal he was promptly silenced by the FBI and the Obama administration.
Patel's crime was failing to disclose his trips to Jordan when he was trying to join the Army and Air Force in December 2016 and January 2017.
They believe he may have had an accomplice based on the elaborate planning needed to undertake such a massacre and the fact that some ammunition was purchased under someone else’s name.
Muhammad said he gave away “the disk” from his camera but “copied the photograph from that day onto a file” on his computer.
Lawyers for Assange and Manafort denounced the report as false.
It will replace the aging SORCE spacecraft.
Needless to say, the State Department approved the deal giving Russia ownership of 20% of U.S. uranium assets.
Today, it remains shrouded in mystery.
Refugees in Europe are just “Muslim invaders” and economic migrants seeking better lives, Hungarian PM Viktor Orban has said, adding that the large number of Muslims in the EU had led to the appearance of ‘parallel societies.’ Asked in an interview with the German Bild newspaper why Budapest does not want to accept any refugees, Orban replied: “We don’t consider these people to be Muslim refugees.” Instead, the tough-talking politician said they were regarded as “Muslim invaders.” Asylum seekers must cross four countries to reach Hungary from Syria, all of which are not as rich as Germany but are economically stable, the PM said.
You must affirm the Real Presence in the Mass - in the Sacrifice of the Mass,” then perhaps it is possible that the Pope will change his mind.
According to the Hungarian Government's website, posted about the ultimatum that was given over the weekend.
A valid annulment of a truly invalid marriage, the sine qua non for entering into marital relations with another purported spouse, is now dispensed with in “more complex circumstances… when it is not possible to obtain a declaration of nullity,” the way thus being opened to de facto divorce in the Catholic Church.
This was not the first time Zakkout has promoted David Duke.
(@Steffs_tweets) December 1, 2017
Mr Cruz told the BBC that Cardinal O'Malley had called him later in 2015 to say he had given the letter to the Pope.
But Jewish groups on and off campus have denounced the report as flawed, saying it missed the significance of an anti-Semitic text circulated online before Noah Lew was removed from the board last fall.
A dark, impenetrable and “irreversible” winter of persecution of the faithful by their own shepherds will fall.
About 30 Senate Democrats, starting with women, have urged the Minnesota Democrat to step down.
Why wouldn’t they indict him or at least haul him before a federal grand jury to testify as to what secrets he gave the Russians?
In the book, Colonna asks the question, “What happened to ‘Zero Tolerance’ for clerical sexual offenders?” He wrote that data presented by the Vatican the UN Human Rights Commission in January 2014 showed that Benedict XVI “had defrocked or suspended more than 800 priests for past sexual abuse between 2009 and 2012,” including the notorious Fr.
Because we know the liturgy teaches us hierarchy.
Lambert, 54, was charged with one count of conspiracy to violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and to commit wire fraud, seven counts of violating the FCPA, two counts of wire fraud and one count of international promotion money laundering.
He had been set free from jail only months before the shooting, in defiance of requests by federal immigration authorities, who had asked that he be held longer so he could be deported again.
Robert Fastiggi • 13 hours ago
It’s a brilliant strategy, the magic bullet that will revert the Church to the 1976 model on every front, and very likely keep it there forever.
Prior to the speakers, there was a joint invocation performed by a rabbi, two pastors and an imam.
Pope Pius VI said during the French Revolution that if the Church continues to remain under the influence of the prince of the revolution, then, in the future a crisis will come upon the Church.
Cardinal Knox, who was the man responsible for the Eucharistic Congress, is now the Prefect of the Congregation for Divine Worship.
Democratize SSMU was able to pass a motion that required each board member to be voted upon separately under the grounds that they weren’t a fan of the names.
• Bishop Andreas Laun, Emeritus Auxiliary of Salzburg, Austria
One person of interest, whom police had named previously, was the killer's girlfriend, Marilou Danley.
From Reuters:Wikipedia has a page devoted to “ List of Grenade Attacks in Sweden ,” which lists 80 different attacks beginning in 2014.
Habitual lying in effect changes you into a different kind of being, one that is by nature an opponent of Truth, ordered against Truth.
The White House sought to blame Mr. Acosta for behaving disrespectfully, although Mr. Trump often lobs insults at journalists and encourages a free-for-all format when taking questions from reporters.
Then keep all the records secret for decades, when many people won’t care anymore who killed President Kennedy.
But we do not change.
Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller.
Students at that age really aren’t prepared to tell the difference between what is history and what is religious conviction.”
Barros claimed in court that the first he knew of Karadima’s offenses was on a Chilean television programme in 2010.
You must sign in writing that you [accept] the Council and all the reforms before I will receive you in audience.” But I cannot do that.
During one alleged incident in 2009, Biden cupped the breast of a Secret Service agent’s girlfriend during a photo, prompting the agent to shove Biden and almost hit him.
NewsCatholic Church, Family, Marriage
But he is also a master of judging an audience and telling them what they expect to hear; a key skill for all grifters and confidence tricksters.
A cardinal, head of the dicastery, perhaps the same holder of the Congregation for Bishops, during the ordinary assembly took the floor, saying: ‘The first candidate indicated is excellent, the second is good.
Indeed, on the subject of priests sexually abusing young people, it could only be measured in the negative numbers.
One of those likings is an unlimited number of hearings as to previously denied asylum claims.
Beyond the shooting itself, perhaps the most controversial aspect of Garcia Zarate's case involves his previous criminal activity and history of deportations, and how San Francisco and federal authorities handled his custody before he ever picked up the gun and shot Steinle.
“We’re just shocked — saddened and shocked ... that’s about it,” Jim Steinle, Kate’s father, told the San Francisco Chronicle.
“The Jews don’t like Farrakhan, so they call me Hitler.
Speaking to the Montreal Gazette on Friday, Lew, the SSMU’s vice-president of finance for the Arts, said he was initially upset with the report, but felt vindicated by Boudreau’s clarification.
It will automatically become law within 15 days unless he vetoes it.
"Today, we had a historic meeting and decided to leave the past behind," Kim said through a translator.
He responds little to the necessary criteria.
[Indonesian Immigrant Finds Sanctuary In N.J. Church, by Steph Solis, USA Today, January 16, 2018]
The mosque has been a haven for terror-related individuals and activity.
If you recall, the Islamic State has never claimed responsibility for attacks they were not involved in.
But his depiction by conservative writers as a beleaguered champion of Catholic orthodoxy persecuted by the regime for his faithfulness betrays a somewhat selective memory and short attention span.
Daniel Greenfield, a Shillman Journalism Fellow at the Freedom Center, is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical left and Islamic terrorism.
That is, Saint Francis did not suffer from the currently reigning papolatry, which holds that the indefectibility of the Church depends upon defending every word and deed of a given Pope as somehow consistent with Tradition and declares absolutely inadmissible the idea that the holder of the Petrine office could be a threat to the integrity of the Faith.
The #KateSteinle verdict is an endorsement of murder.
Let’s give our neo-Catholic friends another “apocryphal” quotation to dismiss out of hand.
We have to think a great deal about that.
This is refuted by Karadima’s victims – deemed credible both by the secular courts and the Vatican tribunal – who testified that he personally witnessed the abuse at Sacred Heart of Jesus church in Santiago.
Impeachment for her and Watson is the solution.
It is not superficial.
As ABC reported Friday evening:
Are the 2,000 U.S. troops in Syria really up to that task, should the Turks decide to cleanse the Syrian border of Kurds, or should the Syrian regime decide to take back territory occupied by the Kurds?
When the story initially broke, Franken rushed to issue an apology…
It begins to make sense.
In the days after Oct. 1, when Stephen Paddock opened fire on the Route 91 Harvest festival crowd from his Mandalay Bay corner suite, Las Vegas police were hosting multiple news conferences a day.
It calls for President Trump’s planned state visit to the United Kingdom to be cancelled, adding: “Should the Government still choose to go ahead with State Visit, this Council makes clear that President Trump would not be welcome in our Borough.” The area in East London includes the famous Tower Bridge and Canary Wharf, but the ban does not appear to be enforceable.
British Prime Minister Theresa May, French President Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Angela Merkel issued a joint statement last Friday praising the JCPOA and its implementation.
America's Immigration Voice.
It is incredible.
“No, they don't,” Monahan tweeted in response to a question of whether the party believes women’s stories.
The fact that Francis received the eight-page letter, obtained by the AP, challenges his insistence that he has “zero tolerance” for sex abuse and cover-ups.
The group was urging students to vote against Lew, and two other board members who were deemed to be pro-Israel, alleging “layers of corruption” within the student government and favouritism in appointing board members, then singled out three members of the board “who are all either fellows at the Canadian Jewish Political Affairs Committee, an organization whose explicit mandate is to promote pro-Israel discourse in Canadian politics, or primary organizers for the anti-BDS initiative at McGill.”
I have never reached out to Assange or WikiLeaks on any matter.”
Those of us writing similar jeremiads now have been working to clarify that the attack from Rome on the moral doctrine of the Church isn’t about marriage.
No amount of chest-thumping and empty rhetoric by American political and/or military leaders can offset this harsh reality.
O God, in Your infinite mercy, forgive and have mercy on Pope Paul VI Montini for whatever neglect or damage of which he may have been guilty.
Its new extended mission will wrap up in early 2021 after it performs a number of flybys of large objects in the Kuiper Belt that scientists want to learn more about.
Lagging well in the rear were such staples, now mere historiographical curiosities, as ‘Liberalism’ (7), ‘Capitalism’ (8), ‘Industrial’ (11), ‘Communism’ (15) and ‘Democracy’ (21).
I explain this in my most recent response to Prof. E. Christian Brugger, which can serve as my response to Mr. Ferrara:
He reaffirmed that he admired Mr. Farrakhan in an interview on Friday, though he said that the things the minister says about Jewish people “sometimes make me shudder.”)
It would seem the Latin version has graver implications than the English because it suggests that falling short of what the moral law requires is an oblation pleasing to God if one’s “limits” make obedience to the moral law difficult.
Congress is in possession of ‘secret intel’ that exposes an ISIS connection to the horrific Las Vegas Massacre, according to a surprising claim made by Pennsylvania Congressman Scott Perry.
"I put it in a box for him.
It is potentially detectable for three weeks but will be at its brightest between December 11 and 21.
That’s why they had shots fired from the front and placed Oswald in the rear.
is hiding from us.
I read in the newspaper about a Mass Cardinal Knox celebrated during the Eucharistic Congress where sensual dancing was performed at the same time the words of the Consecration were pronounced.
Pope Paul VI’s 1965 encyclical on the Eucharist, “Mysterium Fidei,” was the first place I saw anyone say that the body and blood, soul and complete divinity of Christ was actually present in the consecrated species.
It’s essentially an admission of guilt, given that it is absolutely ludicrous to think that “national security” would be threatened by the release of the CIA’s long-secret JFK-assassination-related records.
Now that ISIS has been driven out of Raqqa and Syria, by what authority do U.S. forces remain to arm troops to keep the Damascus government from reimposing its authority on its own territory?
While cases of bubonic plague occur in Madagascar nearly every year, the much more dangerous and deadly pneumonic plague has never been so prevalent.
No wonder the people of our Country are so angry with Illegal Immigration.
Logistical issues, including an FBI background check that took longer than expected, was to blame, according to a U.S. official, who was not authorized to discuss the issue and spoke only on condition of anonymity.
He was just saying what most of them think.
Irony of ironies, the latter-day Pharisees and legalists Francis sees around every corner are hard at work defending Amoris Laetitia at the very moment it is being cited by bishop after bishop as their sole authority for admitting public adulterers to Holy Communion---while Francis does nothing but approve.
There appears to be an ongoing pattern of behavior, and Fox News has documented some of the other incidents that have come up in the past…
And I have no doubt at all that there are better, more venerable, even more sublime and poignant works on the Eucharist in the canon of “official” things.
This is essential.
And if Paddock really did act alone and this evidence is some sort of mistake, there is surely video footage proving so.
Notable in his critique is its distinct pastoral flavour, his concern on the effect the situation is having on ordinary people.
Whether in the Church or in the academy, we must resist this dangerous historicist impulse.
We only had one exit to go out of…..everyone was just kinda following the sheep.”
Then there is the endlessly double-talking Cardinal Müller.
Signaling furiously with the trendy FrancisChurch buzzwords and even trendier blithering incoherence, Muller writes that “mitigating factors in guilt,” can lead, couples in “an uncertain marital situation” through a “path of repentance” – always “accompanied” by an exquisitely sensitive confessor – to a point where the reception of Communion is no longer sinful.
For Trump, that amounted to a triumphant outcome in his extraordinary gamble with the rogue kingdom's despotic leader.
The normalist narrative has just been stripped of any colorable argument that nothing is too terribly amiss with this pontificate.
“Marx does not even mention that homosexuality always contradicts the Will of God,” citing church teaching through the centuries.
As I said before, I knew I wouldn't be believed.”
Farrakhan’s history of racially extreme comments includes blaming Jews for the September 11 attacks, saying white people “deserve to die” and praising Adolf Hitler as a “very great man.” “I personally know [Farrakhan], I’ve been to his home, done meetings, participated in events with him,” Davis told TheDC.
But the president had not sent the formal paperwork to Capitol Hill.
The CIA desperately does not want to show the American people its long-secret JFK-related records.
When I was the apostolic delegate to Pius XII, I was going to Rome every year.
Once exposed, some people will die within 24 hours.
Anti-Gay Imam Featured Yet Again at Florida Democrat Gala
The conservatives and the liberals.
“Ah, but now the Pope cannot write an encyclical like Quas Primas.”
The time is long overdue that these groups maintain their credibility and remain true to their stated missions of protecting and safeguarding the American public.
Tracer bullets contain a pyrotechnic charge that illuminates the path of fired bullets so shooters can see whether their aim is correct.
“Do you think a person who has dealt with any form of abuse by politicians is thinking about politics?
As of December last year, the commission has been allowed to lapse, and no longer functions, though it has not been definitively dissolved.
On both of their blogs the pair called their bans from entering the UK "a striking blow against freedom" and said the "the nation that gave the world the Magna Carta is dead".
And the Church of Jesus.
They cannot go into the church.
In January of this year, a panel of U.N. experts stated:
“Most Holy Father,” it begins, “‬Many of us ‬have tried to contact you, ‬on many occasions ‬and for several years, ‬and we have never received the slightest acknowledgement of our letters or requests for meetings.”
He has ordered all illegal Muslim invaders to get out of Hungary and never come back.
Internationally, this outbreak is also being taken seriously.
He exclaimed, “Here the President says a man can marry a man, but you can’t say a man can have four wives…!”
A few health experts have warned that there is no threat to the UK, however, some have warned the plague outbreak will certainly spread to the region.
I don’t know,” he said.
Even so, the imam has been unrepentant.
De Controversiis on the Roman Pontiff, trans.
She left, she found another job.
“I sort of understood what was going on,” Muhammad told TPM.
All of the targets in this operation were amenable to arrest and removal under the U.S. Immigration and Nationality Act.
During the Myers controversy, defenders of his appointment, including some figures named here, claimed that it was an issue of apolitical scholarship.
It has been previously reported that Bill Clinton accepted $500,000 in Russian speaking fees in 2010 and collected millions more in donations for his foundation from parties with a stake in the Uranium One deal, transactions that both the Clintons and the Obama administration denied had any influence on the approval.
The documents Trump ordered declassified involve a renewed Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act warrant against former campaign aide Carter Page and text messages from disgraced former FBI officials Peter Strzok and Lisa Page.
"They're not here to contribute to good community relations.
That was all part of the plan.
The bubonic strain of the disease is spread through the bites of infected fleas, whereas the more contagious and deadly pneumonic type is spread through the coughing or sneezing of an infected person.
Closing its Sunday editorial the Post instructed the president:The interventionist Post is saying: The situation is intolerable.
The US Is Blatantly Telling Lies
Assange’s Ecuadorean lawyer, Carlos Poveda, said the Guardian report was false.
#BuildtheWall #KatesLaw — ???Steff???
The article, along with a 2000 Playboy column in which Franken talked about fantasizing a machine would perform oral sex on him, was used to attack Franken during his 2008 Senate campaign in Minnesota.
With few exceptions, every person said they have personally experienced sexual harassment on the Hill or know of others who have.
The local tradition is said to be one of the major causes of the spread of this disease.
As my article shows, Francis has made it quite clear that he approves of admitting to the sacraments divorced and “remarried” people who will continue to live as if they were married, including sexual relations, while “discerning” their situation, this “discernment” being a mere fig leaf to conceal the proposed toleration of public adultery in the Church.
I wanted to shout my story to the world with a megaphone to anyone who would listen, but even as angry as I was, I was worried about the potential backlash and damage going public might have on my career as a broadcaster.
That’s because he failed to conclude his article with one great big important point about former CIA Director Richard Helms.
New Footage From Las Vegas Massacre Reveals Possible Muzzle Flashes From Helicopters That May Have Conducted “Air Assault”
Conservative Ben Shapiro told Fox news the verdict was “horrifying.
How can they do that?
"It is unconscionable that politicians across this country continue to endanger the lives of Americans with sanctuary policies while ignoring the harm inflicted on their constituents."
In an essay posted Wednesday, she said that she had been attending Saviour’s Day celebrations for over 30 years.
As Arthur Koestler said, on the left the truth is spoken with loathing and falsehood with love.
Dr. Maike Hickson translated it at One Peter Five.
The outbreak has been fueled by performing the ancient practice of Famadihana.
Tuesday's meeting, convened at a luxury hotel on the island of Sentosa, came just three months after Trump accepted North Korea's invitation for talks on the spot.
Now-deceased al-Qaeda Global Operations Chief, Adnan el-Shukrijumah, was a prayer leader at Darul Uloom.
Paddock showed up to buy ammunition at Haig's home after meeting him at a gun show in Phoenix.
protect national security by sending more troops to Vietnam.
So have Obama’s former Secretaries of State Hillary Clinton and John Kerry.
For decades, Americans have known that very sick things happen behind the scenes in Washington D.C., but the mainstream media nearly really talks about any of it.
“I certainly don’t remember the rehearsal for the skit in the same way, but I send my sincerest apologies to Leeann,” said Franken.
Rombot’s lawyers said he was arrested despite a 2015 letter from ICE saying he would have a chance to prepare for an “orderly” departure.
The official spoke anonymously because they weren't authorized to disclose case information.
Malcolm X wasn’t adequately afraid of them.
Trump showed Kim the movie on an iPad during their talks.
The notion is nonsensical.
Because of kind-heartedness.
I still haven’t found anyone with an identity card in the Vatican with “gay” on it.
In December, the AJHS will feature “Rubble Rubble”, a play by Dan Fishback based on his trip to Israel.
While the mainstream media has largely ignored it, the scandal surrounding Russian efforts to acquire 20% of America’s uranium reserves, a deal which was ultimately approved by the Obama administration, and more specifically the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) which included Hillary Clinton and Eric Holder, is becoming more problematic for Democrats by the hour.
But what if the Baghdad regime of Haider al-Abadi does not agree?
In fact, as long as Islam wants us to be its enemy, we are, and all our protestations of friendship cannot change anything.
And, just for good measure he accused the people accusing him – victims of sexual abuse by Barros’ mentor, the convicted sex-predator Karadima – of committing “calumny”?
The fact that Francis orchestrated the Synods to undermine him was certainly not his fault.
In the event, that's not what's causing the trouble, but still it's an example of Trump taking needless risks.
"With respect to some of these materials, I have been previously informed by the FBI and Justice Department that they would consider their release a red line that must not be crossed as they may compromise sources and methods.
Over the last month multiple videos have been released that many believe show helicopters either conducting an attack on the Vegas Strip or attempting to stop those that were and now, with this latest evidence release, that possibility seems all the more plausible.
We must tolerate - have tolerance for the error - but never give the same right to error and truth.
Mohamad Khweis, unlike the dozens of other people in the United States who failed to join ISIS and were subsequently charged, actually made it to Syria, but after just three months tried to escape and was captured by Kurdish forces, The Washington Post reports.
It just shows what sort of a two-tier system we have here."
And smear anyone who questions the official narrative as a “communist sympathizer” or a “conspiracy theorist.”
It wasn't unusual for a customer to buy over 700 rounds, he said.
Of Madagascar’s 114 districts, 35 have reported cases of plague, including at least 10 cities.
It’s no secret that the Trump administration has a strong distaste for Iran.
One day a student saw her daughter reading a “Harry Potter” novel and told her, according to the mother: “You don’t need to be reading this.
The Church is tradition.
So she seem to have acted to encourage the illegal aliens in the case she is managing to see the writing on the wall, and use her order prohibiting their arrest and deportation to flee the authorities.Even the illegal aliens know that minor kritarchs have no authority over deportations, especially those that have been fully adjudicated and any claim of asylum found to be without any basis so they are taking up other options to fight deportation, like fleeing and hiding.
In July 1999, the monks of St. Otmarsberg Abbey (the youngest abbey in Switzerland) elected Eleganti the second abbot of the monastery.
[…] The Karadima scandal dominated Francis’ visit to Chile and the overall issue of sex abuse and church cover-up was likely to factor into his three-day trip to Peru that began late Thursday.
A few months ago in a piece for the Remnant, I talked about why the Church (and nearly all human societies) regard lying as a sin:
"After that transaction, Doug had absolutely no further contact with Mr.
During the time of the Warren Commission, you were Deputy Director of Plans, is that correct?
In the midst of the new discoveries revealed yesterday about the Uranium One case (see: FBI Uncovered Russian Bribery Plot Before Obama Approved Uranium One Deal, Netting Clintons Millions), “Confidential Source 1” has once again hired an attorney, Victoria Toensing, a former Reagan Justice Department official and former chief counsel of the Senate Intelligence Committee, to get his story out.
Well, there they are.
He is the third Indonesian Christian who claimed sanctuary within the church in fear of deportation.
The Review-Journal also specifically asked about the more than 50,000 hours of overtime that Metro officers have logged since Oct. 1 on work directly related to the shooting investigation.
"He is very talented," Trump said, citing Kim's ability to "take over a situation like he did at 26 years of age and run it, and run it tough."
No, no, no, no.
This change is not accidental.
Martin said they planned to turn over the report to local law enforcement.
On January 23rd, an unsigned NCR editorial opined, “Within the space of four days, Pope Francis twice slandered abuse survivors.”
Men would often stand in front of female agents and Navy women or create false pretenses to have them leave the room just to get them away from Biden, according to the agent.
As though the fog of irony weren’t thick enough, in response to the outrage from Catholics, the USCCB has done what all the other members of Pope Francis’ cabal have done and started blocking critics from its Twitter account.
But Democrats,including the committee’s ranking member, Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., are blasting the declassification order as a “clear abuse of power.”
Ostensibly, the next six months are needed to carefully review the records to determine whether the records really to relate to “national security.” Regime Change: The JFK... Jacob Hornberger Check Amazon for Pricing.
In 2016, the latest year for which official statistics are available, 106 people were murdered in Sweden, a country of 10 million.
They include probable and suspected cases as well those that have been confirmed by laboratory tests.
Whereas, the majority of the bishops [from Spain] during the Council were conservative.
At the time everyone was concerned about Russia’s ties to Iran, we still are.
One of the women says Franken suggested that he and she should go to the bathroom together.
NASA releases images captured at a record-breaking 3.79 billion miles from Earth
The only answer that comes to mind is that Jesus wants to manifest just how weak is the faith of many within the Church, even among too many of her bishops.
The French original text confirms the accuracy of the English translation I had seen before I cited the statement.
Pope Francis: Ross Douthat & Massimo Faggioli Debate Catholic Church’s Future
And if it wasn’t for the international aid coming in things would definitely be much worse for them.”
Keep in mind that this was the height of the Cold War between the United States and that the Cuban Missile Crisis, which brought the world to the brink of nuclear war, had taken place the previous year.
NASA’s own data is showing that the star our globe revolves around is dimming.
This form of the pneumonic plague is airborne, easily spread by a cough or a sneeze, and has been responsible for two-thirds of all infections this year.
The CIA’s practice from the very beginning has been to not put any reference to a state-sponsored assassination into writing.
Secretary of State Tillerson gave Syria the news Wednesday.
Neither was involved in my writing the letter, and its publication will be news to them.”
Zarate has admitted to shooting Steinle, but says it was an accident.
The priest would kiss the boys and grope them, he said, all while the Rev.
That is not true.
And we have allowed them to get away with it.
“I have never met Julian Assange or anyone connected to him,” Manafort said.
Until now, the pope's letter to the Argentinian bishops had been considered a private letter with no binding force, whereas AAS has now elevated Pope Francis' letter to the official magisterial status of an "Apostolic Letter," while including a special rescript as an addendum by Cardinal Pietro Parolin, Secretary of State.
The islands are grappling with physician shortages, Medicaid programs facing an impending funding cliff, and widespread disparities in Federal health programs—and that was before hurricane season,” the lawmakers stated in a letter.
The professor did not acknowledge their error.
Iranian Aggression Intensifies
Trump is hurting himself right now, and will have hurt himself more if Kavanaugh is not confirmed.
Emails obtained by The Hill show that a civil attorney working with the former undercover witness described the pressure the Justice Department exerted to keep the client from disclosing to a federal court what he knew last summer.
I believe he was asked to testify.
Are you sure?
We are under the impression that you do not take your brother Bishop Nona Amel, Chaldean-Catholic Archbishop of Mosul in exile, seriously, when he tells us: “Our present sufferings are the prelude to those that you, Europeans and Western Christians, will suffer in the near future.
And the matter didn’t end in 2010.
We finally have the official numbers, and they aren’t pretty.
@WestervillePD Officer Anthony Morelli and Officer Eric Joering were killed in the line of duty.
Not of Jewish nationhood itself.
Like Mary Magdalene, weeping before the empty tomb, they will ask, “Where have they taken Him?”
And sometimes, the sexual advances from members of Congress or senior aides are reciprocated in the hopes of advancing one’s career — what one political veteran bluntly referred to as a “sex trade on Capitol Hill.”
President Barack Obama’s aides preselected the news outlets that were allowed to ask questions at his news conferences.
Why are we now in this very sad situation with Rome?
Las Vegas police officials told CNN the department couldn't comment on Haig or any names, and referred questions to federal authorities.
Ninety-two percent of individuals removed from the interior of the United States had previously been convicted of a criminal offense.
Dr. Zabulon Yoti, a Technical Coordinator for Emergencies at the World Health Organization (WHO) Regional Office for Africa, said: “Community engagement is the cornerstone of emergency response.” He urged health officials to “work with the communities to build their capacity for success and sustainability” and develop a better understanding of the local customs and traditions.
Had Paddock fired these rounds during the nighttime massacre at the concert, they would have been visible.
That it does not and cannot exist is precisely my point.
Is that clear?”
Does anybody with a modicum of sense really believe that such collaboration between the two rogue nations is not going on today?
Clark County Nevada Coroner John Fudenberg has determined to defy a court order from a district court judge to release the autopsy report of Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock.
A professor at Southern New Hampshire University failed one of her student's assignments because the professor incorrectly thought Australia "is not a country," according to a report in BuzzFeed News.
In that letter, Mr Cruz accuses Bishop Barros of "doing all the dirty work of Fernando Karadima", and describes the abuse he suffered and which Bishop Barros allegedly witnessed.
But other sources say it’s more than possible that we will see a mini ice age in the next three years due to the dimming of our sun.
Hide Caption 15 of 30 Photos: Mass shooting at Las Vegas music festival A man in a wheelchair is evacuated from the festival after gunfire was heard.
It is possible that the penitent may be convinced in conscience, and with good reasons, of the invalidity of the first marriage even though they cannot offer canonical proof.
A well-coordinated, meticulously planned attack on concertgoers leads to the murder of 58 Americans at a country music festival in Las Vegas, with over 500 injured, and they have no explanation or motive.
While we may never know what actually happened during the Las Vegas Massacre, the fact remains that the official story has been proven, time and time again, to be absolutely false and in fact nothing more than a pathetic attempt at a cover-up.
This botched investigation is a stunning indictment of the FBI.
“The same exits we had came in and left Friday and Saturday night were definitely closed.
“There wasn’t anything that would lead me to believe that this was, like, on the radar, that he was just going to go join ISIS.”
India wants to tackle both those firsts in one fell swoop this year, with its Chandrayaan-2 mission, a trio of orbiter, lander and rover that would represent the country's second visit to the moon.
For Faggioli, the implication is that at least 50 percent of German Catholic children never see their parents receive communion and lose their faith because of it.
And even though Islamic jihadis have been apprehended on our border in 2014, the Homeland Security waved their hand and said, "There's no threat."
Because, according to the teacher, "Australia is a continent; not a country."
And even politically-correct politicians piped in…
Hide Caption 17 of 30 Photos: Mass shooting at Las Vegas music festival Concertgoers help an injured person at the scene.
"And at a later date, he assured us that that had been done."
However, she has been told by Las Vegas Metro Police Department attornies that they can't release that information until they finalize their investigation into other suspects which may also produce charges in the case.
Franken, at the time a writer for “SNL,” suggested one skit should play out with “60 Minutes” commentator Andy Rooney finding an empty pill bottle on his desk.
Francis said that until he sees proof that Bishop Juan Barros was complicit in covering up the sex crimes of the Rev.
Anderson is notorious for calling for the killing of gays to end AIDS.
Ms. Mallory, who declined to comment for this article, did not respond to calls to condemn Mr. Farrakhan, for whom she had expressed admiration in the past.
Immediately upon the arrest of Lee Harvey Oswald, the official account was that this was just a lone nut, former U.S. Marine communist who decided, for no apparent reason, to assassinate Kennedy.
Ambassador Haley accused the Iranian regime of continuing to “play” the Security Council.
Juan Carlos Cruz, a victim of cleric Fernando Karadima in the 1980s, accused fellow priest Juan Barros of witnessing the abuse and doing nothing.
No, this change in the Church began one century before [the Council].
“So, obviously more than one member of Congress.”
I’m not sure we’re doing just fine, but Trump is right that the real problem is jihad terror and Sharia supremacism, and British authorities want to ignore that and shoot the messenger.
While Democratize SSMU later apologized for the language and deleted it from its site, the damage had already been done, Boudreau concluded.
New gun control measures for Florida have passed another legal hurdle, weeks after one of the worst school shootings in US history.
Other European allies have voiced similar concerns.
“He got into the Islamic State.
The additional portion would be used to help local businesses and repair and build new homes, they said.
This is the way societies disintegrate.
See all of the best photos of the week in these slideshows
Supporters are adamant that the weekly class is an elective meant to explore the history and literature of the Bible, not to promote religious belief.
The bubonic plague outbreak that is taking Madagascar to its knees will more than likely last another six months.
But the Iraqi Kurds went ahead.
Hide Caption 19 of 30 Photos: Mass shooting at Las Vegas music festival A couple huddles after shots rang out at the festival.
In fact, he went so far as to flatly deny there had been any instances of abuse in his archdiocese.
Since there are regular flights in and out of Madagascar and this outbreak has so far, been impossible to contain, other nations are now at risk.
"When the shepherd becomes a wolf, the first duty of the flock is to defend itself.
Weinandy has bolstered my own “Great Clarifier” theory, saying that this pontificate, and the lack of response to it from priests and bishops, is being allowed by God in order to reveal “just how weak is the faith of many within the Church,” He added that Francis has revealed that many in the Church “hold harmful theological and pastoral views.”
I grieve from the bottom of my heart for the Steinle family who must be personally suffering from this injustice.
By Oct. 13 — the last time the Metropolitan Police Department or the FBI addressed the media or public — something had changed.
Adam and Eve and the garden of Eden, of course.
Journalists must submit their questions well in advance.)
In a misguided effort to secure Iran’s willingness to sign the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, Obama sold everything including the kitchen sink.
On Wednesday night, New York Times columnist Ross Douthat and Villanova professor of theology Massimo Faggioli came together for a debate entitled “Francis @ Five: Assessing the Legacy of Pope Francis Five Years after His Election.” As I made my way up to Fordham University, I was excited.
AJHS is a component of the Center for Jewish History.
The guidelines have been published in the AAS along with Francis’s private missive, which is suddenly declared to be “an apostolic letter.”
Emergency screening has begun at the Kenya-Uganda border in Turkana after all three members of the same family died of the disease in Uganda.
This article is featured in the new Print/E-edition of The Remnant.
In a lengthy report by Award-winning National Security/War Correspondent Sara Carter, she pointed out that following:
However, other parts of the planet heated up, including Alaska and Greenland, to far above their normal highs.
Because the disease can be spread easily through a cough or sneeze, experts are fearful.
Those asylum applications were reviewed by the Executive Office for Immigration Review (EOIR), the immigration courts.
and LVMPD please explain what in the Hell is going on here?
What do you say when you say “thy kingdom come” in your prayer, the Our Father?
This throws their entire narrative into question and makes one wonder what else is being hidden from the public?
Haig was contacted one day after the attack, after investigators found an Amazon box with his address on it inside Paddock's hotel room, reports CBS News correspondent Mireya Villarreal.
Presumably because adultery itself is no longer sinful.
In a recent interview (http://www.lastampa.it/2017..., the Italian philosopher, Rocco Buttiglione, provides this example for AL 303: “Imagine a father who has a sick son and the child improves.
“The problem is not having this tendency.” Well, actually, your holiness, yes it is, particularly in the case of priests.
“There is no legally permissible way for Mercer County Schools to continue with any type of program like this.”
People are going to be very happy."
This is outrageous!
What happened during those six minutes?
Mac Slavo recently reported for SHTFplan:
Could we possibly say, for instance, that it’s impossible to judge the presidency of Donald Trump relative to past presidents?
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.
Australia is, in fact, a country.
Then again, the Pharisees are precisely the ones Our Lord condemned for accommodating divorce and remarriage in violation of the natural law.
It’s still not clear that Kavanaugh’s nomination is doomed, but it’s certainly in severe trouble.
It is arguable that even the members of the so-called “San Gallen Mafia” who apparently conspired to put him on Peter’s throne were used by him.
In the meantime, Israel will have to deal with the fallout of Iran’s ambitions in Syria itself.
“The fact that both parties only care if it scores political points is hypocritical,” she added.
However, the official report failed to catalogue the dead woman who was shot in the parking lot of a Haven Street business.
Once and for all, these groups need to divorce themselves from Zakkout and repudiate what he stands for.
I couldn’t believe it.
That person cannot be from the United States, Canada or Great Britain.
More history courses study ‘Sexuality' than either ‘Enlightenment' (20) or ‘Reformation' (12).
She told police he had a gun.
Saris thinks she can usurp the Constitution of the United States based on her whims regarding immigration policy.
As part of the constantly changing story, officials are now saying that police officers who rushed to the hotel room when the shooting began didn’t know a hotel security guard had been shot “until they met him in the hallway after exiting the elevator,” Lombardo said.
America's Immigration Voice.
The public defender wasted no time in focusing his thoughts on President Trump and his administration…saying Zarate was “extremely relieved” by the outcome and that while Steinle’s death “was a horrible tragedy,” it was used as “political fodder for then candidate Donald Trump’s anti-immigration agenda.”
“But to me this seems a pretty clear violation of the Constitution.”
Some experts fear the disease (which is so deadly because it is airborne) could mutate and become untreatable during this year’s outbreak – which is expected to blight Madagascar until April.
I have read the Cardinal's exposition in both Italian and English, and I only find mention of the help of the sacraments in certain cases.
Billboards tout the Ten Commandments or offer stern messages on abortion and eternal salvation.
But he acknowledged the effort to rid North Korea of its nuclear arsenal was in its early stages.
This turned out to be a lie.
Many of their theories lean heavily on Haig's LinkedIn profile, which says that Haig previously worked for Boeing and Northrop Grumman.
Isn't it time for you to subscribe?
As a result, Haig said that he has received death threats and people have pounded on his door to tell him that he deserves to die.
He also told police that he stepped on the gun, causing it to fire.
Donald Trump won the presidency on a promise of no more unnecessary wars.
Officials warn that it’s inevitable that this bacterial infection that’s infected over 2000 people will become resistant to antibiotics.
"A failure by the United States to defend its allies or promote new political arrangements for (Syria and Iraq) will lead only to more war, the rise of new terrorist threats, and, ultimately, the necessity of more U.S.
They say Boudreau’s report “insinuates that Jewish students who engage with mainstream Jewish community organizations are permitted to be precluded from holding political office.”
Number Of Puerto Rico Residents Without Clean Water And Electricity Keeps Rising
For one thing, the president has made this an extremely high-profile episode by stringing out the process as the accusations against Kavanaugh gained credibility and even multiplied.
He has a criminal conviction for possessing cocaine.
Elizabeth Deal, who describes herself as agnostic, is one of the plaintiffs in the case.
He stated in his brief that while spending time with the Russian executives from both Rosatom and Tenex, that any mention of “TVEL is a subject that is serious to all when mentioned.
For me, this is the greater problem.
Meanwhile, journalists John Solomon and journalist Sara Carter claim to have copies of the FBI informant’s evidence, while Carter issued an explosive report in late November laying out the players, the timeline, and the evidence at hand.
“These people are truly crazy, and the pontiff talks about atonement to the victims.
“There is a great deal of not just poetry and prose in the Bible, but from what I’ve read almost every piece of history that’s in the Bible has eventually been proven,” he said.
Marx, one of the pope’s nine main advisors, said in 2016 that same-sex relationships have “worth” which must be recognized by the Church.
And what better person to frame than a communist or an intelligence agent who the public would believe was a communist?
There is something important to note: Neither Arbenz nor any other Guatemalan official had ever attacked the United States or even threatened to do so.
The legislation does not include a ban on the sale of assault-style weapons like the AR-15, despite it being a key demand of Parkland students and their parents.
McMaster will go to Virginia forthwith and explain to Mohamad Jamal Khweis the proper understanding of the Religion of Peace.
In the months leading up to the vote, there had been other anti-Semitic incidents, including a tweet by Igor Sadikov, an elected representative of students in McGill’s faculty of arts, saying: “punch a zionist.”
The lawmaker said he wants the nation’s counterterror agencies involved in the investigation.
"Many, all too many, of them want to overwhelm German values, and European values in general, with sharia values.
He has criminal convictions for DUI, domestic assault and assault.
Some lawmakers and human rights groups oppose Haspel’s nomination because of her role in the CIA’s detention and harsh interrogation of terror suspects after 9/11.
One man died after picking up a hand grenade outside a subway station in a suburb of Stockholm.
This must stop.”
Because we have God, the priest, and then the people.
Here too Fastiggi and Goldsetein only worsen the problem they try to explain away.
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) sent a similar rebuke last week to Rosenstein, saying the deputy attorney general’s first response to the committee “largely missed the point” of the congressional investigations.
Some 33 days after Hurricane Maria made landfall on Puerto Rico, only 23 percent of residents have electricity, according to Status.pr, which provides daily updates on basic services on the island.
But Mr. Trump, a devoted news consumer who relishes his coverage, plays up his conflicts with reporters in part to excite his supporters.
James Hamilton, 49 and now a doctor, was one of the Barros accusers.
She says she avoided the kiss, then heard Franken say "it's my right as an entertainer."
This may seem an innocent mistake on the imam’s part, but his actions against the gay community and sinister views are anything but.
This shouldn’t surprise anyone, given that practically from its inception in 1947 the CIA was specializing in the arts of assassination, regime change, and cover-up.
Of course, they won't.
“I had no contribution to what Paddock did,” Haig said at the news conference.
When asked about the threats, Haig said, “I’ve had people screaming they want me to die through my front door."
While terrorism plays a huge role in his mosque’s history – and he has been around for all of it – Shafayat Mohamed’s personal history deals much more in bigotry than terror.
Okay, he didn’t really put it like that.
The Trump administration stood down on Monday from its nearly two-week-long dispute with CNN over the White House credentials of Mr. Acosta, informing the correspondent that his badge was formally restored.
According to Lew, “historically, the Board of Directors had been ratified as a bloc, all 12 at a time.” But BDS activists who showed up for the General Assembly ratification forced the voting to occur on an individual basis rather than a block as was the accepted protocol.
Because the Israelis see the outcome of the six-year Syrian civil war as a strategic disaster.
Pope Francis' praise of the episcopal guidelines clearly answers the cardinals' query concerning his intention in Amoris Laetitia VIII, so will Cardinals Brandmuller and Burke now proceed to issue the formal correction of it?
And it’s no mystery why.
Again and again, the American people have said they do not want to be dragged into Syria's civil war.
“We have a firefighter’s wife at this event who is pinned down behind the bar at Mandalay Bay.
She chose to compare social media use in the US to what it's like in Australia.
But still, after six days of deliberation, the illegal Mexcian immigrant was acquitted of murder and manslaughter charges and also found not guilty of assault with a firearm.
How many communists do you know who like to kill fellow communists?
But now, questions have been raised after Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo revised the timeline and said Campos had actually been shot about 9:59 p.m. a (full six minutes before the mass shooting began at 10:05 p.m.) which means the guard could have instead led Paddock to start opening fire on the crowd for fear of being caught.
This, despite the fact that the report does state that recovered bullet fragments were turned over to the police.
Have the American people been had again?
Congress should also consider whether time limits on Iran’s commitments continue to make sense in light of what we are now experiencing with Iran’s nuclear technology collaborator, North Korea.
She signed a petition in support of BDS activists being allowed to enter Israel.
It shocked me out of a kind of swamp of intellectual worldliness; presenting the idea to my thirsty mind that there could indeed be fantastic realities far more wonderful than the banal and painfully uninteresting secularist worldview I had been taught to accept.
Although health officials have said that internationally, the threat is still fairly low, they’ve also said no one in Madagascar is safe, including travelers, spiking concerns over a possible global pandemic.
Since Oct. 1, 2009, ERO has removed more than 1,700 foreign fugitives from the United States who were sought in their native countries for serious crimes, including kidnapping, rape and murder.
The African island’s government has told citizens to pause the tradition for fear the plague bacteria is still active in the corpses and can be spread to the living.
Last week, a San Francisco jury acquitted seven-time felon Jose Ines Garcia Zarate, a repeatedly deported Mexican national, of all murder and manslaughter charges in the July 1, 2015, fatal shooting of Kate Steinle as she walked with her father and a friend on Pier 14.
In my opinion, that’s the price the CIA had to pay in return for its continued cover-up of its U.S. regime-change operation in November 1963.
The following are criminal summaries of the offenders arrested in Illinois during this operation:
Whatever the details of these strange incidents, what is clear in Chile is that no amount of eyewitness testimony was going to make the slightest difference.
While Judge Jessica Gonzalez was forced to drop criminal charges because the statute of limitations had expired, she affirmed that testimony by Cruz and other victims was credible.
“He had no objection.” … During Obama’s presidential campaign, conservatives pushed multiple apparently racially motivated conspiracy theories about Obama’s religion and supposed ties to Islam.
“ICE decided that the most orderly way for him to depart was for us to remove him,” Stevens said.
In a tweet, it said it refunded Arnold's tuition for the class and "replaced the instructor."
With a diameter of about 3 miles, the asteroid named 3200 Phaethon (after the Greek demi-god who, according to legend, nearly set the Earth on fire) is classified as “potentially hazardous” by the Minor Planet Center.
The CIA’s cunning cover-up in the JFK assassination worked brilliantly.
Not from the masses.
But, at least for the next few billion years, the space invader is destined to continue its topsy-turvy spin.
Even the National Catholic Reporter in 2014 pointed to the cover up and the relationship between the new pope and the accused cardinals,
“’I give the pills to Lesley Stahl.
He is King because he is God.
There, he met an FBI source and started talking about the Islamic State.
Hide Caption 6 of 30 Photos: Mass shooting at Las Vegas music festival Concertgoers dive over a fence to take cover from gunfire on Sunday night.
It is impossible to admit me.
Senate Republicans dealt with that problem by deciding to not bother with any Kavanaugh documents that couldn’t be produced rapidly, which further riled up the Democrats and gave that party some good talking points.
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 30, 2017
On the other hand, it knows that by seeking continued secrecy, it’s essentially an implicit acknowledgment of guilt.
Oswald traveled to Mexico City where he purportedly visited the Soviet and Cuban embassies and where he supposedly met with a premier assassin for the Soviet Union.
“Right now I’m just concerned where my member is, and what his condition is.
Those who have been paying attention to this conflict have been well aware that the U.S. has had little material evidence to link Yemen’s Houthis to Iranian arms suppliers.
The photo even has a handwritten note that was reportedly written by an FBI agent – proving that the FBI specifically lied to the country.
He had been in ICE custody since his June arrest.
"My first obligation and only obligation is to my client," he told KNXV.
It wants to build out its missile and nuclear enrichment capabilities.
Later they were seen smiling and laughing over lunch.
I also have some Americans in my seminary in Econe.
New Horizons flew past Pluto in July 2015, taking pictures which revealed an even more diverse landscape than scientists had previously imagined.
[U.S. Judge May Extend Freeze On Indonesian Immigrants' Deportation, by Nate Raymond, Reuters, January 17, 2018]
“And so my client, the same part of my client that made him go into the FBI in the first place, says, ‘This is wrong.
Here is more from Paul Joseph Watson…
He says there is a correlation between major changes on the sun and the behavior of the Earth, especially now as it reaches its 11-year-cycle’s solar minimum.
Moreover, in 1882 there could hardly have been any “radical traditionalist” motive to circulate phony quotations of the saint.
The information the client possesses includes specific allegations that Russian executives made to him about how they facilitated the Obama administration’s 2010 approval of the Uranium One deal and sent millions of dollars in Russian nuclear funds to the U.S. to an entity assisting Bill Clinton’s foundation.
Turkey is moving armor and troops south to Syria's border enclave of Afrin, occupied by Kurds, to drive them out, and then drive the Syrian Kurds out of Manbij further south as well.
Read his full answer carefully:
Obama's meeting with Farrakhan was part of a CBC event.
When we are in Church we know God is on the altar; the priest is between God and the people; and the people receive God at the hand of the priest.
“From day one this case was used as a means to foment hate, to foment division and to foment a program of mass deportation,” added defense attorney Francisco Ugarte.
According to data from NASA’s Spaceweather, so far in 2017, 96 days (27%) of the days observing the sun have been without sunspots.
But we know that the FBI’s confidential informant was actively compiling incriminating evidence as far back as 2009,” Rep. Ron DeSantis, (R-Fla.) told The Hill.
Once certain announcements are published in parish bulletins, laity will have to consider whether they can, in conscience, continue to assist at Masses where systematic sacrilege has been formally adopted as the rule.
What do you think?
In fact, he has been involved in many, including giving the invocations at the Florida Democratic Party’s annual Leadership Blue Gala in 2014 (featuring Bill Clinton), 2015 and 2016.
In the name of the Council!
Indeed, according to eyewitnesses, one of the members of the mob that removed the three directors was Igor Sadikov.
“That one was a little bit of a surprise,” Trenton said as he sat with his parents, Brett and Courtney Tolliver, one day this month watching his little sister’s soccer practice on a lush field in this small town in the mountains of southern West Virginia.
And it’s not an exaggeration to say that this is a real threat – a ticking time bomb that’s waiting to decimate the world,” Conroy continued.
Part of the scheme, obviously, would be to establish Oswald’s communist bona fides.
SO MUCH FOR MERCY & DIALOGUE: Member of Vatican International Theological Commission Sacked for Questioning Pope of Mercy & Dialogue
Although the claims are intriguing, it is important to remember that after virtually every terror attack and mass shooting, friends and neighbors express shock that the culprit would be capable of carrying out such horrors, with some outright denying it to be possible.
(Mr. Muhammad, in a 2012 blog post, said that he was an admirer of Mr. Farrakhan and that the minister was not an anti-Semite.
Thus, continence cannot realistically be expected, at least “for now” (AL 303), of the average Joe or Jane with an “ex” who has “remarried” and is now mired in the “concrete complexity one’s limits.”
And if the reforms are bad, then it is impossible that the Council is good and all the reforms are bad, because that is the authentic interpretation of the Council by Rome.
This report was originally published by Tyler Durden at Zero Hedge
We can also assume that the CIA continued to refine the ways to avoid detection when assassinating someone.
You need to be reading the Bible.”
Weinandy to the International Theological Commission and awarded him the Pro Pontifice et Ecclesiae medal, the ecclesial equivalent of the Congressional Medal of Honor, for his work on behalf of the Pope and the Church.
Further, the FBI insists there is no jihad motive, while saying they don’t know his motive.
COPYRIGHT 2018 CREATORS.COM
The White House belongs to the public, not the president, and the job of the press is to ask hard questions, not to be polite company.”
Although the issue came to the attention of a much broader audience during the most recent papal trip, the outcry has been ongoing since his appointment to the southern Chilean diocese of Osorno in 2015.
“I have no doubt from the information circulated about me and campaign run against me prior to this vote that this was about my Jewish identity, and nothing more,” wrote Lew.
Therefore, these sections of the rubric should be amended.
In these words are highlighted both the sacrifice, which pertains to the essence of the Mass which is celebrated daily, and the sacrament in which the faithful participate in Holy Communion by eating the Flesh of Christ and drinking His Blood, receiving both grace, the beginning of eternal life, and the medicine of immortality.
“However, the unprecedented level of destruction, coupled with the almost complete shut-down of business in Puerto Rico, have made it impossible for us to meet the considerable human needs without the measures proposed above,” he added.
In that first meeting they were joined only by translators, a break from standard practice of having at least one aide present for high-stakes huddles.
It is sad that this beautiful and compassionate message of AL 303 has been so completely misunderstood by scholars who have failed to grasp its true meaning.
"He is as connected (to Paddock) as the guy who sold him a hamburger for lunch," Victor said.
He received me twice during the Council, for a private audience with the pope.
Deal said she joined the suit because she believes strongly in the separation of church and state.
There were people that went over there and tried to leave and there were cops that were telling them no, you can’t go out here, you have to go the other way,” he shockingly concluded.
The increased fuel supply permits a longer engine burn, which in turn increases the range of the missile.
In her latest excursion into immigration enforcement policy, she decided that illegal aliens can't be held in custody for their return to their home country.
I think, however, they are very well prepared to deal with these difficulties and worries.
Hide Caption 21 of 30 Photos: Mass shooting at Las Vegas music festival Police and emergency responders gather at the intersection of Las Vegas Boulevard and Tropicana Avenue.
How would we know this?
The hospitals have also begun implementing preventative measures with attempts to stall the spread of the bacterial infection.
That is very bad.
Paul VI received all kinds of people (abortionists, freemasons, etc.
On Sept. 2, 2016, he boarded a flight to Chicago, and the next day, he flew to Detroit.
Rossello said on Wednesday that Puerto Rico would get $4.9 billion to shore up its near-insolvent Medicaid system and another $2 billion or so under the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program to repair its destroyed electric grid.
In addition to ordering the report, Fortier set up a hotline to report incidents of of intolerance and a task force to investigate incidents of academic freedom and equity.
My clients… victims, all 22,000 people have been waiting and waiting and waiting for evidence.”
Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller
“We regard this whole thing as unacceptable and we reject it," he added.
We must take care, because this change in the church is a liberal change.
In other more complex circumstances, and when it is not possible to obtain a declaration of nullity, the aforementioned option may not, in fact, be viable.
Although the plague is responding well to antibiotics right now, drug resistance is also an increasing concern amongst experts who predict it will vastly accelerate the disease’s death toll.
J.B. Hurt, is also a minister in the Church of God and a member of the county school board, says he would oppose the program if he thought it was being used to teach religion or if students were required to take the class.
"They're not gonna find it.
Illegal aliens get only one hearing and one set of appeals to deportation.
Without electricity, most cell phone towers are down.
Why were Tamika Mallory and Danny Davis reluctant to denounce him?
Search warrant records showed that Haig was a person of interest in the investigation of the mass shooting.
The pope claimed “I am the first to judge and punish those accused of similar crimes,” but this claim is not supported by the reality.
The second name was redacted.
In the end, the CIA blinked, just as Trump knew it would.
The Westerville city manager said Joering, 39, spent 17 years on the force.
All of this then goes back to things we have pointed out with ranchers in the western united States and how this impacts them, as well as the land grabs that are unconstitutionally orchestrated by the DC government and the Bureau of Land Management.
AMANA is currently promoting another anti-Semitic Duke-produced video, on the AMANA site.
You can have hospitals but if people don’t come it isn’t enough.” Such incidents have prompted fears that the plague could spread even further with each confirmed case requiring 20 people have been in contact with to be treated as a precaution.
Jeff then describes a scene in which he and his wife were walking through the main lobby when screams and gunfire erupted.
Despite Israel's repeated warnings, Barack Obama's reckless appeasement of the Iranian regime has enabled its rise as a hegemonic threat in the Middle East region as well as a threat to international peace and security.
He was promoted to campaign chairman in May 2016.
They cannot agree on God's law, which most Western societies were base on, including the united States.
Many people came.
Tell that to the four cardinals, the 800,000 faithful, the 45 theologians and the 61 other original signers of the correctio, all of whom you insult with your superficial and I must say entirely sophistical attempt to explain away what Francis is clearly doing.
Wouldn’t officials conduct a thorough search of the area?
Here are the eight accusations he faces:
A Jewish student at McGill University has been kicked off the student government board for having “conflicts of interest” due to his pro-Israel activism.
Human beings are naturally ordered towards the truth, and we have to work at assuming a lie.
No, you cannot say that.
“Any time God’s word can be proclaimed is beneficial and is a good thing.”
The left-wing enemedia worked as furiously to cover up, censor and sanction Barack Hussein Obama’s jihad and violent left-wing connections as they do to manufacture and make up lies to destroy President Trump.
… “People are shot to death in pizza restaurants, people are killed by hand grenades they find on the street,” Sweden Democrat leader Jimmie Akesson said in parliament on Wednesday.
They were due to attend a march planned by the far-right EDL to mark Armed Forces Day on 29 June, ending in Woolwich, south east London, where soldier Drummer Rigby was murdered last month.
At times Iranian naval vessels closed to within 600 to 150 yards of American warships.
That explains the effort of “The Great Left Hope” to have his client’s felony gun possession conviction tossed.
Bible classes on school time are a rarity in public education, but here they are a long-standing tradition.
The plan that ultimately must fail may well fail even while Francis is attempting to carry it out.
To make certain that the CIA fulfills its part of the bargain, Trump would need the April deadline so that the threat of the records release would continue hanging over the CIA.
While the Kurds were our most effective allies against ISIS in Syria, Turkey views them as a mortal peril and intends to deal with that threat.
Las Vegas Metro Police Undersheriff Kevin McMahill explained more about Campos’s actions the night of the shooting, helping fill in some of what happened ahead of the attack, but unfortunately, it only added more questions and gave little in the way of answers.
Shaw maintains that AL can be “bent into some kind of orthodoxy.” Perhaps.
In 2008 Green Party presidential candidate Ralph Nader tapped Gonzalez for vice president.
Rather, as I show in my article, it only intensifies them.
In other words, unlike Lee Harvey Oswald, who had absolutely no motive to kill President Kennedy, the national security establishment did have motive, a powerful motive, the same motive that motivated the CIA and Pentagon to target other political leaders for regime change or assassination around that time, such as Mohamad Mossadegh, Jacobo Arbenz, Patrice Lumumba (who Kennedy admired), Fidel Castro, and Salvador Allende.
He tells the truth only to continue to control and manipulate reality.
In the clip, Anderson states the following: “And the Jews were scattered into all nations for literally 2000 years, right?
The Sun goes through regular cycles of solar minimums and solar maximums, which are periods where the Sun is either quite calm (the minimum) or incredibly active (the maximum).
These days it’s instead partnering with Jewish Voice for Peace: an anti-Israel BDS hate group that defends anti-Semitism and which sponsored talks by an anti-Semite who accused Jews of drinking blood.
“Islamic Converts Ask Pope in Open Letter To Change His Teaching on Islam,” by Steve Skojec, OnePeterFive.com, January 11, 2018:
The pictures were published by numerous news outlets and shared by millions of people on social media.
There already was a blackout on the worst mass murder in modern American history.
In April 2016, Zakkout promoted a report discussing the absurd notion of Jewish involvement in the September 11th attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon.
Dawn Eden Goldstein, S.T.D., professor of Dogmatic Theology at Holy Apostles College and Seminary.
When I posted it, this assessment was backed up by Joseph Shaw, the head of the UK’s Latin Mass Society and the spokesman for the Filial Correction, who wrote, “This is absolutely right.
We both are going to do something.
Pope Francis accused victims of Chile’s most notorious pedophile of slander Thursday, an astonishing end to a visit meant to help heal the wounds of a sex abuse scandal that has cost the Catholic Church its credibility in the country.
And then did nothing but weep as the inevitable disaster unfolded.
And even if he didn’t then, he certainly knows now, and yet Errazuriz continues in that advisory role.
The JCPOA’s supporters, including Kerry, have made much of the fact that the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has on several occasions verified Iran’s compliance with its commitments under the JCPOA, keeping its stock of low-enriched uranium below the limit set forth in the JCPOA and not pursuing further construction of the Arak reactor.
It’s very important for him to avoid a “cheap adaptation to the relativistic Zeitgeist,” on one side, and a “cold application of the dogmatic commandments and the canonical rules,” on the other.
First he said that Brasey had to be heard; then he attacked her in terms that were a slur on all women who have been assaulted without immediately reporting it to the police, and he also blamed the Senate for not voting before she came forward.
“Bishops are quick learners,” he wrote in his letter, “and what many have learned from your pontificate is not that you are open to criticism, but that you resent it,” claiming that many bishops don’t speak out publicly for fear they will be “marginalized or worse.”
He was spotted taking a moonlit stroll around the high-end Marina Bay Sands hotel and casino, owned by GOP mega-donor Sheldon Adelson, the type of glitzy development few North Koreans could ever imagine coming to their country.
The Obama administration chose to look the other way.
Ilze Scamparini asked the pope about Ricca, saying, “What you intend to do about this?
The death toll in Madagascar due to the plague has jumped for the first time since health officials claimed the infection was in the beginning stages of control.
It’s about the Eucharist and to a lesser extent the priesthood.
“If a person dies of pneumonic plague and is then interred in a tomb that is subsequently opened for [the ritual], the bacteria can still be transmitted and contaminate whoever handles the body,” said Willy Randriamarotia, Madagascar’s health ministry chief of staff.
“I see that Fr.
The letters, both dated Tuesday, claim that both activists have fallen within the scope of a list of unacceptable behaviours by making statements which may "foster hatred" and lead to "inter-community violence" in the UK.
Anyway, the result of this is a “marriage-like relationship” about which confessors have to be very careful not to say mean things.
Some have speculated that Kavanaugh would be especially likely to rule in Trump's favor if any cases stemming from the Robert Mueller investigation wind up at the high court.
And so, we cannot accept this Council and this reform and this orientation even though it comes from Rome.
The Red Cross has released more than $1 million to deploy a treatment center and has mobilized more than 1,000 volunteers and is upgrading their skills on community surveillance, finding and monitoring people who have been in contact with infected patients and insightful messaging to stop the spread of this disease.
True to form, judge Samuel Feng sealed the identities of the jurors.
Then, there are those who clearly come to the country to Islamasize the country because they have an Islamic dominionist attitude borne of the teachings of the Koran and Muhammad .
“Batallion 6, be advised that we are getting reports on Mandalay Bay, at the bar, we currently have, another active shooter up there.”
Mass repression and police powers that don't actually address the cause of the problem.
"However, don’t be fooled," Intellihub writes.
Yet, the party keeps on inviting an imam, who has a long record of hostility toward homosexuals, to participate at its annual functions.
Wouldn’t that be so wild!”
Sweden’s murder rate is relatively low in international terms, but gang violence has surged in recent years and Swedes are worried that the police are unable to cope.
He texted the source on Sept. 23, 2016, and expressed support for Maj. Nidal Hasan, who killed 13 soldiers in 2009 while serving at Fort Hood.
This “encouragement” from priests which he called for might include some sort of “liturgical” recognition of their union.
Apparently, Solomon has learned that the FBI informant “has evidence, was on the inside, directly from Putin’s Russia, the push for nuclear fuel deals, and all the crimes we talked about, bribery, kickback, extortion, money laundering, racketeering, all knelt corroborating and will be corroborated even further.
“I sent him a copy of the manuscript suggesting that, showing him the picture, and saying to him, if he did not object, I was going to publish it,” Muhammad said.
Conspiracy Theorists Seize on Mesa Man Who Sold Ammo to Las Vegas Shooter
He also sounded the alarm to neighboring countries.
Zakkout is also an ardent supporter of the terrorist organization Hamas, if not a member himself.
(@Cernovich) December 1, 2017
Why were people getting haircuts at the crime scene?
Things are a bit different now.
And the other is whether you can have the Bible course as it is presently constituted.
[3] This is common in Italian journalism that has somewhat different standards from that of the Anglo world… and drives the rest of us spare.
After the JCPOA was finalized, with no such prohibition included, Iran continued to test such missiles.
This is why confidence tricksters can be successful, why lying works for getting what you want; people don’t see it coming.
I told my husband everything that happened and showed him the picture.
Of course, the Twitterverse is busy commenting on the irony: how a man expressing grave concerns that there is an atmosphere of fear of being punished for expressing grave concerns, was immediately fired.
When the concrete circumstances of a couple make it feasible, especially when both are Christians with a journey of faith, one may propose that they commit to living in continence….
Here are all the sexual misconduct accusations against Sen. Al Franken
Hide Caption 3 of 30 Photos: Mass shooting at Las Vegas music festival People embrace outside the Thomas & Mack Center after the shooting.
Haig describes himself as a senior engineer for Honeywell Aerospace in his biography on the professional and social media platform LinkedIn.
“By the time the sale of Uranium One was approved by the Obama Administration, the FBI’s investigators had already gathered substantial evidence and the bureau was also aware of Russia’s intentions to enter the U.S. energy market and its desire to purchase a stake in American uranium,” Carter writes.
Similarly, very little media attention was paid to the close relationship between Obama’s fundraiser and private mentor Tony Rezko and the Nation of Islam, even though Rezko’s role was business manager for Nation of Islam assets, such as the career of Muhammad Ali.
This was, remember, 1965, four years before the New Mass was issued and before Cardinal Ottaviani warned the pope that it was precisely this sacramental reality that was about to be catastrophically obscured.
What could conceivably be the reason to say anything as wild as this if it weren’t true?
Visits, I told them about the abuse and who did it.
FBI mole William Campbell was a highly valued FBI asset – paid $51,000 by FBI officials at a celebration dinner in Chrystal City, VA, where Campbell’s attorney says they thanked him for his service.
That’s why the CIA targeted Guatemala for regime change and why it targeted Arbenz and other Guatemalan officials for assassination.
Blaming Jews for the extreme torment they endured for so long, which includes a Nazi Holocaust that took the lives of six million innocent Jews and so many others, is incredibly offensive.
WHO delivered more than 1.2 million doses of antibiotics and released $1.5 million in emergency funds earlier this month.
Symptoms can include painful, swollen lymph nodes, called buboes, as well as fever, chills, and coughing.
Do you want to stop this from happening?
Latest LV Sheriff: Saying they still don’t know why he stopped shooting.
Minutes before the historic handshake, Trump tweeted that his top economic adviser Larry Kudlow had suffered a heart attack.
Florida shooting: Gun control law moves step closer
One would think that they would find Zakkout’s actions and bigotry unacceptable, as well, yet Zakkout continues to serve unchallenged.
This spring, Bible classes such as Trenton’s are on the minds of many here in Mercer County.
By the time I read it, I had been through a long, slow transition from a childhood devoted to Our Lady and confirmed in my belief in wonders, to a kind of disappointed practical atheism after three years in a diocesan Catholic parochial school.
I hope Mr. Ferrara can clarify what he means by the “Leviathan Church” under Pope Francis.
Since then, five cases have been identified as international aid agencies, stretched thin by Madagascar’s black death outbreak, have rushed to deploy teams on the ground to control the recent outbreak.
And God will not be mocked.
Security Guard Jesus Campos Shot During The Vegas Massacre Raises New Questions About Official Narrative
New Horizons is only the fifth man-made spacecraft to ever travel beyond the outer planets, and many of its activities are setting distance records, according to NASA.
Who is Barros?
Bryant, a former Foreign Office minister, said the prime minister should issue a prohibition order against the president like those that apply to other far right figures from the US.
In the case of Barros, the Associated Press obtained a confidential letter from Pope Francis dated 2015 that “reveals the [Chilean] bishops’ concern about Francis naming a Karadima protégé, Bishop Juan Barros.” Just days before the pope’s “calumny” comment, January 11, AP reported that Francis had full knowledge of the controversy he risked in appointing Barros to Osorno.
The full story of my being banned from the UK for standing against jihad, and much more, is in my new book, FATWA: Hunted in America .
Sofian Zakkout’s bigoted and radical agenda is antithetical to this and is a documented threat to national security.
In fact, Campbell had been told by his FBI handlers that his work had made it at least twice into President Obama’s classified presidential daily briefings.
Prosecutors, however, alleged that Garcia Zarate brought the weapon to the pier deliberately to do harm, and intentionally aimed and shot Steinle after firmly pulling the trigger.
She is currently weighing whether she can order a longer delay to give the affected people time to renew their efforts to gain legal status.
On January 25th, Zakkout posted onto his personal Facebook page a video clip of a speech made by Steve Anderson, the pastor of the Faithful Word Baptist Church in Tempe, Arizona.
All is done as all the seminaries before the Second Vatican Council.
What association between the faithful and the unfaithful?” (2 Cor 6: 14-17)In accordance with His teaching (Lk 14:26), we preferred Him, the Christ, to our own life.
A law enforcement official told The Associated Press in October that Paddock bought 1,000 rounds of tracer ammunition from a private seller he met at a Phoenix gun show three weeks before the shooting.
"Australia is a continent; it is not a country.
In fact, a former student of his wrote to me today saying,
Slowly but surely we are starting to see the official narrative regarding the Las Vegas Massacre be completely destroyed.
When we think about Nazi Germany, we remember those who spoke out.
New Virus With NO CURE Spreading: This Is WORSE Than The ‘Black Death’
There can also be little doubt the new pope was fully aware of the record of his close friend Cardinal Errázuriz in ignoring complaints of Karadima’s victims when he appointed him to the C9 council.
There are lessons here for all of us.
— Senator Jim Nielsen (@CASenatorJim) December 1, 2017
Swedish PM does not rule out use of army to end gang violence JANUARY 17, 2018 / 9:06 AM / A DAY AGO Reuters Staff STOCKHOLM (Reuters) – Sweden will do whatever it takes, including sending in the army, to end a wave of gang violence that has seen a string of deadly shootings, Prime Minister Stefan Lofven said in Wednesday.
Since that day, the only person who has shed more light on the investigation is Mandalay Bay security guard Jesus Campos, who was shot in the leg while approaching the gunman’s room.
“Everything depends now on the Americans’ willingness to stop this,” said an Iraqi Kurdish official who was quoted in a New Yorker article.
And Campos did not summon police to the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel, according to the timeline recently updated by the authorities.
The most recent grand minimum is thought to have occurred back in the mid 1600s.
The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces, largely Kurdish, just annihilated ISIS in Raqqa and drove 60 miles to seize Syria's largest oil field, al-Omar, from ISIS.
This undeniably apocalyptic development imposes upon the hierarchs—first and foremost in the Church—the duty to act.
But Swedish TV reported there were over 300 shootings, mostly in turf battles between gangs over drugs, protection rackets and prostitution.
That means nuclear war is about to break out because there is no way that the United States is going to sit idly by when the Reds have just assassinated America’s president.
Hamilton confirmed this saying, “I saw how Barros watched it all.”
In fact, unless Cardinal O’Malley – who has, as of this writing, remained silent – comes forward and says that he didn’t hand the letter over pope, there is really only one; that the pope lied.
In order to properly and thoroughly condemn the Church, with convincing due diligence, I had to read something about it that didn’t come from her enemies.
“According to their plan, this will happen in June at the summit of the prime ministers in Brussels," he added.
Trump told reporters he would "absolutely" extend an invitation to the White House to Kim, who also heralded a new era.
Kerry On Edge As Legacy Crumbles
The verdict, Wohl said, was “an utter and complete and total failure by the prosecutor.”
In a classic power move, he has just given a sop to Cardinal Burke, the perceived leader of the opposition, by appointing him to a minor position on the Apostolic Signatura—the same tribunal from which Bergoglio brutally removed him as Prefect.
The Sun might look the same to you today as it has since the first time you laid eyes on it, but our star actually displays plenty of changes.
This Pope’s plan of promulgating a deliberately ambiguous document whose heterodox interpretation and application he would later approve with a series of sub-magisterial winks and nods, both oral and written, is the reason I signed onto the Correctio Filialis.
What allegations does the letter make?
But they don’t want it to stop.
The DOJ announced in 2016 it would no longer release potentially deportable detainees to local jails without first allowing ICE to take custody.
Jordanian officials moved for Patel's deportation.
In a speech he gave at Darul Uloom, in August 2015, titled ‘Quraan Torah Bible Forbid Man Marrying Man,’ he admitted that he “got sacked from many [county] boards, because there were a lot of gay people who said, ‘We don’t want him on that board.’” He said he had a choice, to “sit in Paradise or… sit on the board and go to Hell.”
The Cardinal knows this is moral and canonical nonsense.
Obama recollects Farrakhan’s black nationalist capitalist campaign to get black people to use toothpaste manufactured by black-owned businesses.
That clarification has now been given: Francis intends, if it were possible, to change the unchangeable teaching of the Church regarding an irrevocable moral norm rooted in divine law.
His latest book, published May 9, is
Bryant, a former Foreign Office minister, supported this madness by pointing to…me.
Hide Caption 11 of 30 Photos: Mass shooting at Las Vegas music festival People run from the festival grounds.
The Department of Justice unsealed an 11-count indictment on Friday to a former DoD intelligence analyst-turned uranium transportation executive who stands accused of a bribery and money laundering scheme involving a Russian nuclear official connected to the Uranium One deal.
The Heritage Foundation noted in its recent report on the JCPOA, for example, that Iran was “caught red-handed trying to purchase nuclear technology and restricted ballistic missile technology from German companies.”
A report made public this week by Spencer Boudreau concluded he could not determine if students who organized against the three board members had anti-Semitic intentions.
If the Daily is committed to systematically excluding the voices of an ethno-religious community on campus, then it cannot continue to receive automatic student funding, as it does now.
"People are going to be very impressed.
Over 200 of Paddock’s foreign financial transactions were flagged for possible covert terrorism financing.
Even so, Morphonious still parlayed an innocent-until-proven-guilty stance into a 30-minute dissertation where he discussed a "shadow government in the United States" in the context of Haig's work for companies like Northrop Grumman.
To make it clear for him, I am contending that he and his co-author treat the Pope as if he were the absolute ruler of Hobbes’s Leviathan.
Two other students who had criticized BDS, Alexander Scheffel and Josephine Wright O’Manique, were also voted down.
“15 million dollars has been paid out over sexual harassment claims,” Todd replied, somewhat shocked.
The eyewitness then goes on to directly say that he and his wife were involved in an active shooter situation at a different hotel that authorities have so far done everything in their power to cover-up.
Mandalay Bay hotel staff had numerous run-ins with Vegas gunman: companyLas Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock had lost money, been depressed, sheriff says
Hungary's Prime Minister Viktor Orban has been somewhat of a lone voice in Europe against the Muslim invasion, and on Wednesday he gave a "Hungary First" speech in which he declared that he would "fight those who want to change the Christian Identity of Europe."
They would have posed real genuine questions of Sheriff Lombardo and forced him to stumble all over himself in answering them.
Stephanie Kemplin, an Army veteran, says Franken put his hand on her breast during a USO tour in 2003.
ICE removes Guatemalan national wanted for murder
In October 2015, the dinner invocation was performed by Wilfredo Amr Ruiz, the legal adviser of the American Muslim Association of North America (AMANA), a group that actively promotes former KKK leader and white supremacist David Duke.
The toxic environment is due almost exclusively to an active and vocal presence of BDS agitators on campus.
He has ties to two dozen mosques stretching from Palm Beach County down to Miami-Dade.
301-302), particularly when a person judges that he would fall into a subsequent fault by damaging the children of the new union, Amoris Laetitia opens up the possibility of access to the Sacraments of Reconciliation and the Eucharist (cf.
At the same time, he'd admitted he didn't believe he required extensive preparation to take stock of Kim.
America's Immigration Voice.
Name: Quentin Lamar Smith
And employ Operation Mockingbird-like journalistic assets in the private sector to flood the market with alternative “conspiracy theories” to confound and confuse the public.
Public figures or guarded officials may be killed with great reliability and some safety if a firing point can be established prior to an official occasion.
Reid Wilson, a correspondent for the Hill, has posted to Twitter a year by year breakdown of sexual harassment settlements and awards that he received from the Congressional Office of Compliance.
With regard to the letter thanking the Bishops of Malta, it should be noted that Edward Pentin mentions a letter of Cardinal Baldiserri not a letter of Pope Francis.
After the fly-by, the spacecraft continued into the Kuiper Belt - similar to the asteroid belt but further out from the Sun and composed of dwarf planets and frozen ice, rather than rocky bodies.
Court documents show Patel began saying in late 2016 that he did not actually support the Islamic State.
First, let's deal with the misleading reporting.
The description of the Holy Eucharist as the supreme Centre from which all our life as Catholics flow, and from which all other doctrines radiated, was something that was not going to come into my head for another eight years of reading.
As LifeSiteNews previously reported, Marx also said “yes,” he could imagine the creation of a rite for homosexual couples to be blessed in the Church.
Then suddenly, those illegal aliens claimed they were being denied an opportunity to file for asylum or were not receiving due process.
San Francisco Show Trial Sequel
Edward E. Curtis IV, the author of “Black Muslim Religion in the Nation of Islam,” said that while estimates ranged wildly about how many bona fide members belonged to the Nation, he believes that there were tens of thousands of members in the 1960s and early 1970s.
Social media erupted with outrage at the verdict (with very few – if any attempting to defend the verdict)…
They do not express this truth clearly and perfectly.
“If ISIS warns about an attack and then an attack occurs and claims responsibility after the fact, it seems to me that at a minimum, they should have some portion of the investigation to clearly debunk that claim and, yet, it hasn’t happened,” he said.
Official figures reveal 165 people have now lost their lives in Madagascar’s “worst outbreak in 50 years.” Recent data shows a 15 percent jump in fatalities over just three days, coupled with scientists concerned that the black death has reached a “crisis” point.
Authorities also have not said how long the gunman had a “do not disturb” sign on his hotel door, and whether hotel staff saw something suspicious in his room but failed to report it.
The man’s condition deteriorated quickly and he failed to respond to antimalarial treatments.
After Catholic News Agency’s initial report on Marx’s comments, his office contacted the outlet and said they had mistranslated part of what he said.
As my friend said, maybe “it’s going to become harder and harder for men of conscience and position to sit on the fence,” assuming there are any left.
The Iranian regime does not see it that way, however.
— Mike Cernovich ??
Meanwhile, the coroner in Las Vegas started releasing redacted autopsy records about the 58 people killed in the mass shooting at an outdoor concert.
This report was originally published by Paul Joseph Watson at Infowars.com
Appearing on Fox News Tucker Carlson Tonight, Perry described evidence he had personally seen that suggested that some sort of terrorist infiltration aided the Las Vegas Massacre.
U.S. intelligence had discovered North Korea’s transfer of missile parts to Iran at the very same time that Iran was negotiating the nuclear deal, in clear violation of UN Security Council resolutions then in effect.
There were some seventy cardinals, twenty bishops, and four super-authorities of the religious orders, among others.
Immigration detainers request that ICE be notified before the individual is released from local custody for any reason.
JUST WATCHED Man who sold Vegas shooter ammo speaks out Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Man who sold Vegas shooter ammo speaks out 01:00
The weapons might as well have had ‘Made in Iran’ stickers all over it.”
Deal said other students told her daughter that she was going to hell.
Who then enforces Tillerson's demands?
Time for US to do same."
Dozens of people were killed and hundreds were injured Sunday when a gunman opened fire on the crowd.
He was charged shortly before holding a news conference Friday.
After the men shook hands, they repaired inside for one-on-one talks.
Moreover, the Maltese bishops' “guidelines” for implementing AL, published in L’Osservatore Romano—for which Bergoglio thanked them—declare thus:
Where are the bishops courageous enough to cut out the cancerous growth of modernist theology that has implanted itself and is festering within the celebration of even the most sacred mysteries, before the cancer spreads and causes even greater damage?
Vote targeting Jewish student politician was not anti-Semitic: McGill report
David Duke Exposes the Real Racist Jewish Supremacists Who Orchestrate the Destruction of European Mankind…’ Above the posting, Zakkout wrote of Duke, “I respect him for his honesty!”
There are lessons here for the Center for Jewish History and the American Jewish Historical Society, for those on the inside who see the corruption of their organizations every day and for those on the outside who are worried about speaking up.
Being Jewish is highly identified with being white because of Zionism."
“More importantly, I don’t know who it harms.
Raising objections to a papal document because it appears to depart from sound orthodoxy is hardly “refusing submission to the Roman Pontiff,” who has not, at any rate, actually commanded anyone to “submit” to anything via AL.
It had to do with Oswald’s trip to Mexico City, where he visited the Cuban and Soviet embassies.
As the political scientist Richard Neustadt said, political elites are constantly evaluating and re-evaluating the president.
Fortunately for Trump, however, he is not alone in his bid to isolate and demonize Iran at all costs.
Don’t make me laugh.
They gated them all closed with chain-link fences, 10:08 the shooting started and we were pigs sitting in a corral.
It was also true, as Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell reportedly warned, that normal disclosure of Kavanaugh’s record, especially his service during the George W. Bush administration, was going to delay confirmation even more.
“Our dedicated officers strive to make our communities safer by arresting convicted criminal aliens and removing them from the United States despite the reckless sanctuary policies that are currently in place in Cook County that put our communities at risk,” said Ricardo Wong, field office director of ERO Chicago.
But things obviously went dreadfully wrong in Mexico City, which is why the CIA had to shut down that part of the post-assassination investigation.
Ellison’s ex-girlfriend, Karen Monahan, alleged in August that Ellison dragged her off a bed by her feet while screaming obscenities at her in 2016.
In 2009, Obama turned his back on millions of dissidents in the streets of Tehran and other Iranian cities, who were peacefully protesting the rigged election of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as president.
Franken on Thursday denied most of the allegations, which started to surface last month.
“Later at ten-twenty-four p.m., one of the men places his shirt across the victim’s face and then at ten-thirty-two a man places what appears to be a blanket or towel over the body after they had given up hope,” Tucker Carlson said.
If it were simply a popularity contest, Bible in the Schools would be allowed to continue as is.
Obama would have never been able to implement his nuclear deal if Senator Bob Corker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Affairs Committee, hadn’t agreed to cast the Constitution aside and ignore Obama’s constitutional duty to present the nuclear deal to the Senate for ratification as a treaty.
Haig said he's been legally selling ammunition as as a hobby since 1991, but after the massacre, he has stopped his side business.
The Seychelles is currently putting anyone traveling from Madagascar into quarantine on arrival as a precaution.
And this is what is now being said quite openly by a vast array of voices, secular and Catholic, left and right.
In [1844], Pope Pius IX ordered Cardinal Rigoli to publish the Instructions of the Carbonari.
These seminaries are the same as seminaries were before the Second Vatican Council.
The claims were rejected as unsubstantiated and the illegal aliens ordered deported.
Feb 9 (Reuters) - Puerto Rico said on Friday it will receive $16 billion in federal aid under a disaster recovery package signed on Friday by U.S. President Donald Trump.
In short, the JCPOA did not cover the missile tests and the replacement UN Security Council resolution that did mention the missiles is toothless.
Now, you cannot say that Archbishop Lefebvre said the pope gave his name to Freemasonry.
The remarks that the Pope had made in January that caused such offence were: "The day they bring me proof against Bishop Barros, then I will speak.
Supporters of a group called Democratize SSMU, formed to fight a decision of the board of directors declaring BDS counter to the SSMU constitution, brought a motion to divide the election vote.
Morality really matters when it comes to serving in public office, and we are not going to send people that engage in sexually inappropriate behavior to Washington anymore.
Weinandy had been given the boot.
And we have confidence in God.
So now it must be asked: Where are the cardinals and the bishops?
Campbell was a highly valued CIA and FBI asset deeply embedded in the Russian nuclear industry while Robert Mueller was the Director of the FBI
"That means that Madagascar could be affected more, and not only that, it could even spill over into neighbouring countries and beyond," he warned.
In 2003, as board president, he commissioned a graffiti artist to spray SMASH THE STATE on his office wall, in “traffic cone orange.” As Gonzalez explained, “This is a sentiment I think all of us have had.
In an April 16, 2010, summary brief provided to his former FBI handlers and obtained by this reporter, he stressed his deep concerns about Tenex, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Russian state nuclear arm Rosatom and its ongoing work to provide Iran with the technology needed for its nuclear reactor program.
We now have houses in Switzerland (3), Munich, France (6), Brussels (1), England, Armada, San Francisco, and New York.
Bottom line: The U.S. goal of crushing the ISIS caliphate is almost attained.
PROOF: The LVMPD And FBI Failed To Catalog At Least One Deceased Las Vegas Massacre Victim As Death Toll Rises
Cases sprang up far earlier than usual and, instead of being confined to the countryside, the disease infiltrated towns.
The following comes from Breitbart…
Garcia Cano reported from Las Vegas.
Encouraged by Elijah Muhammad, he changed his last name to X and became a minister in the movement.
But even so, Mysterium Fidei forced me to face up to a reality I’d never dreamed of before; that this, the little unassuming wafer, was the most important thing in the world.
Dr. Derek Gatherer, from Lancaster University’s biomedical and life-sciences department, told MailOnline the country would struggle “to cope” if cases continue to spiral.
The problem with getting the news out about Karadima, as in most of these cases, was the bishop, in this case Cardinal Francisco Javier Errázuriz of Santiago, who after the Conclave of 2013 was appointed a member of Pope Francis’s C9 inner council.
The doctors at Parkland Hospital stated that President Kennedy had a big exit-sized wound in the back of his head, which implied a shot having been fired from the front.
Morelli, 54, had 30 years with Westerville police.
But the campus anti-Israel crowd has been working rather hard to intimidate and penalize anyone involved in pro-Israel organizations.
We need the authority of God.
A researcher with the organisation, Matthew Collins, said it was "delighted" with the decision.
The video shows what appears to be muzzle flashes emanating from the airspace between the Delano Hotel and Mandalay Bay, an airspace that should be free of obstruction altogether.
Will they support a clash with NATO ally Turkey, to keep armed Kurds on Turkey's border, when the Turks regard them as terrorists?
But “Art of the Deal” Trump obviously sat on the request, undoubtedly hoping that he could get what he wanted in return if he just continued holding out and conveying that he was ready to release the records.
SSMU’s Board of Directors addressed the issue more than a year after the “reference.” Lew and other board members passionately advocated in favor of ratification and their arguments ultimately prevailed over the naysayers.
What is going on here?
But “how this would be done publicly, in a liturgical form,” is “another question...that is where one has to be reticent and also reflect upon that in a good way.”
The charges stem from an alleged scheme to bribe Vadim Mikerin, a Russian official at JSC Techsnabexport (TENEX), a subsidiary of Russia’s State Atomic Energy Corporation and the sole supplier and exporter of Russian Federation uranium and uranium enrichment services to nuclear power companies worldwide, in order to secure contracts with TENEX.
But Shapira would be wise to follow his own advice because he himself is guilty of what he accuses others of.
Evidently, the IAEA is supposed to block out the fact that Iran had conducted tests relevant to nuclear bomb detonations at a military site before the JCPOA’s finalization in 2015.
Haig said he's sorry that the massacre took place, but emphasized that he had nothing to do with Paddock's mass shooting.
On Friday, the Justice Department unsealed an 11-count indictment concerning the Uranium One scandal.
As she spoke to the pope, her voice cracked with nervousness at questioning the church’s top leader.
It was repulsive display leftist-fascist bigotry at its worst.
Congressional Republicans are hoping the files reveal details about the start of the Russia investigation led by the FBI, which evolved into Special Counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into Russian meddling and potential collusion with Trump campaign associates during the 2016 presidential election.
Puerto Rico says to receive $16 bln in federal disaster aid
My seminary in Econe (in Switzerland) and the seminaries in Germany and here in America, in Armada, are in very difficult situations with Rome.
I was in Africa as a missionary and as bishop for 30 years.
That is sacrilege.
Chile 'cover-up' letter contradicts Pope
But now the curtain is starting to be pulled back, and the revelations about Al Franken are just the beginning.
According to Ritter:
Elhadj As Sy said that overcoming the epidemic would require long-term help, not “just intervening at the peak and then forgetting about it”.
I have not spent my whole life in Rome.
We need the Real Presence of God on our altar.
AJHS will claim that it is only offering different perspectives.
I want to bring our soldiers back home," Trump said.
The Guatemalan operation was brilliant and ingenious.
Haig named as person of interest
They presented their profession “before God who will judge us,” in response to certain pastoral norms issued by several bishops’ conferences aimed at implementing chapter 8 of Pope Francis’ apostolic exhortation on the family, Amoris Laetitia.
At least 2,034 people have been infected down by a more lethal form of the black death so far in the country, which lies off the coast of Africa, according to WHO statistics.
Things are inevitably going to go wrong.
It should be noted that Haig's rounds were probably not even used in the massacre: Haig sold Paddock tracer ammunition, which emit a flare when fired making them easier to see.
Haig plans to hold a news conference Friday to discuss his interaction with Paddock.
A tribunal of bishops, requested by his own sex abuse commission, was ignored and then Francis summarily removed two of the CDF staffers in charge of handling such cases, famously refusing to give any reasons to CDF prefect Cardinal Müller who was soon to be dismissed.
I’ve never known of anyone who has been pressured or felt ostracized,” said the Rev.
The American Jewish Historical Society appears to be uninterested in holding any pro-Israel events.
Yvonne Chireau, a professor of religion at Swarthmore who called Mr. Farrakhan’s remarks about Jews “unbelievably vile,” emphasized that his fundamentalism was comparable to the fundamentalist views found in other religions.
The ship has extensive space and equipment for trauma care and a large staff, but CNN reported that as of last Tuesday, only 33 of 250 beds were full.
The idea of transubstantiation struck me as I read that document as possibly the strangest and most earth shattering thing I’d ever heard.
Furthermore, Iran has funded and armed its terrorist proxy Hezbollah, which has sent its militia from its home base of Lebanon to fight alongside Assad's forces.
On Monday night, three students were removed from the Board of Directors of the Students’ Society of McGill University (SSMU), McGill’s main student government.
But it should be optional, not enforced.
"Our story is well known and there's no point reminding you of it, except to tell you of the horror of having experienced this abuse and how I wanted to kill myself."
More than 850 others suffered other injuries in the attack.
Marx is the President of the German Bishops’ Conference.
That we cannot change.
–Watts Up With That?
Friday, Trump created the possibility for such a strategy.
“The cooperation between the U.S. and our Guatemalan counterparts resulted in returning this man who is a threat to public safety.”
His platform to share that information?
His mere existence appears to have been fabricated by the very authorities who are cramming lies down our throats about this massacre for the sake of political agendas.
The American Jewish Historical Society was founded to study and preserve Jewish history.
Two law enforcement sources told CNN in October that Paddock, during the massacre, fired incendiary bullets at a 43,000-barrel fuel tank on the grounds of nearby McCarran International Airport in what investigators believe was a failed attempt to cause an explosion.
He was warned by others who had prior dealings with the SSMU, to keep his Jewish identity secret lest he sabotage his chances.
The infamous security guard at the Mandalay Bay Hotel, who was allegedly shot stopping the massacre in Las Vegas over a week ago is not listed or registered as such.
Airborne infections are difficult at best to control.
Going further, the prime minister noted that no refugee wants to go to Portugal, for example, adding that the majority of asylum seekers simply wanted to live in prosperous Germany.
Orban has taken a tough stance in Hungary.
Why would anyone associate rising crime and immigration?
This episode is utterly unacceptable, and is merely the latest in a long string of antisemitic incidents at your university.
"The district court holds jurisdiction to review habeas [corpus] challenges to unlawful immigration detention," Saris wrote.
Hide Caption 18 of 30 Photos: Mass shooting at Las Vegas music festival People gather around a victim outside the festival grounds.
According to Carlson, the owner of the tape maintains that law enforcement investigators have never asked to see the footage.
The jury convicted him of the lesser charge of being a felon in possession of a gun, which carries a maximum sentence of three years in state prison.
But if he was excommunicated, then he is not pope.
Air traffic control tapes on the night of the Las Vegas shooting: “There’s active shooters on the runway.
And it is the same in Rome.
You will remember Sadikov as the student politician who in February told his followers to “punch a Zionist today.” It is unclear whether Sadikov has faced any disciplinary action for this incitement to violence from your administration.
From saints and Doctors of the Church and whatnot, many of which the pope cited.
And Kim's commitments did not appear to go beyond what he already pledged to do in April when he met South Korean President Moon Jae-in along their countries' border.
The three-mile-wide asteroid is expected to miss the Earth, but it’s still labeled as “potentially hazardous,” and for good reasons.
Obama’s “spiritual advisor” Rev.
Hunter, who is a disease expert at the University of East Anglia, told the Daily Star: “If it reaches the UK, Europe or the US it would be similar to the Ebola outbreak.
Such cases do not exist.
Mr. Garcia Zarate acknowledged firing the weapon, but said it was an accident.
Scientists say that it could take up to 15 years for solar activity to return to normal with extreme weather and freezing temperatures continuing until 2035.
Comets which approach the Sun lose material with each orbit because some of their ice melts and vaporizes to form a tail.
He has evidence, was on the inside, directly from Putin’s Russia, the push for nuclear fuel deals, and all the crimes we talked about, bribery, kickback, extortion, money laundering, racketeering, all knelt corroborating and will be corroborated even further.
Here is what the manual states in part regarding the use of firearms:
"Let’s not forget that it is a fact that helicopters were lurking behind the Mandalay Bay during the attack which were not shown on the radar," author Shepard Ambellas writes.
The American Jewish Historical Society is not only co-sponsoring a one-state event by an anti-Israel hate group.
Thank you so much for asking this question.
To thank him for his service, Campbell was paid $51,000 by FBI officials at a 2016 celebration dinner in Chrystal City
Are we seeing it already?
As Gonzalez argued, “If this was a college student or Swedish kid would he be charged with murder?”
Or be too “extreme”.
The tried and true concept of peace through strength gave way to fecklessness through appeasement.
October 13, 2017, Legal Insurrection
Trump also referenced the recent widespread Iranian protests, crushed with extreme ruthlessness by the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps and its Basij auxiliary militia.
Boudreau’s report said the message followed the assembly vote, but in fact it was posted at the beginning of October.
CBS News reached out to the FBI and other authorities involved, but none will comment on an active investigation.
Given what we are now seeing, consider the poignancy of the following passages:
The Sun reported:
Writing for the Boston Globe, the paper that first broke the clerical sex abuse scandals all the way back in 2001, Kevin Cullen wrote, “Let the record show that the promise of Pope Francis died in Santiago, Chile, on Jan. 18, in the year of our Lord 2018… he has revealed himself like no one else could.”
If you go back on the last week we heard several things from the Justice Department, there’s no connection to uranium one.
“Shutting down might not be a good idea, there’s active shooters on the runway,” he declared.
However, U.S.-led coalition forces apparently have done next to nothing to stop this major advance in Iran’s Shiite Crescent expansion.
Many observers decried the verdict as a travesty of justice, but they were mistaken if they thought it could not get any worse.
Right about now the people in the Clinton camp should be getting very nervous about the ongoing investigations into the Uranium One deal.
"At no time did I see anything suspicious or odd or any kind of a tell, anything that would set off an alarm," he said.
“The government was taking a very harsh position that threatened both your reputation and liberty,” the civil lawyer wrote in one email.
The suspect, alive and injured, has been named as Quentin Lamar Smith:Neither the police nor the AP has published a picture of Quentin Lamar Smith, but internet detectives have found this guy as the likely perp:
On Friday morning, before his arrest, Haig answered a reporter's question about whether he believed he was that person.
Anti-fascism campaigners Hope Not Hate had campaigned for the pair to not be allowed into the UK.
Moments later (6 minutes actually, according to the newly revised timeline regarding Campos) Paddock allegedly opened fire on a crowd killing more than 50 and injuring nearly 500.
The indictment includes allegations against Lambert based on his role in effectuating the criminal scheme with Condrey, Mikerin, and others.
On his watch, American warships patrolling the Gulf were harried by armed IRGC speed boats and larger navy frigates with near impunity.
I see that many times in the Church, over and above this case, but including this case, people search for “sins from youth”, for example, and then publish them.
Garcia Zarate, a 45-year-old Mexican national who was homeless and living in the US illegally when he fired the shot that killed Steinle, was acquitted by a jury on murder and manslaughter charges.
Russian Ambassador to the United Nations Vitaly Churkin, spurning requests from Obama administration officials to impose sanctions against Iran under the Security Council resolution, asserted that the Iranian missile test did not violate the resolution.
The orbiter piece of the upcoming mission will look to build on its predecessor by mapping how water actually moves around the moon.
Years ago numerous Indonesian Christians came illegally to the United States and submitted asylum applications.
and LVMPD have failed to record the death of at least one shooting victim killed in the massacre
The sale gave the Russians control of part of the US uranium supply, thus why I reference a case could be made for treason.
It’s all a MISTRANSLATION!
He wrote in his book, Il Santo, that “We [modernists]…want a reform in the Church…without rebellion, carried out by legitimate authority…even if this takes 20, 30, or 50 years.”[4] “The reform will have to be brought about in the name of obedience.” The modernist ideas in the Church introduced and enacted through obedience!
Republicans on Capitol Hill, including House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., are touting the president’s order, saying it covers “pretty much everything that he wanted…and the text messages are a bonus,” a source said of Nunes.
This member asked a staffer to bring them over some materials, to their residence.
He has no more resources of trust even among the people he has chosen to surround himself with and after the reports of Cardinal Sandri going toe-to-toe with him in a shouting match, it seems that perhaps even his legendary vicious temper tantrums are failing to have the desired effect of terrorising his subordinates into submission.
But just because he was a comedian does not mean that he gets to play by a different set of rules.
I hope AG Sessions gets briefed about the CI and gives the Uranium One case the scrutiny it deserves,” added DeSantis, whose House Oversight and Government Reform subcommittees is one of the investigating panels.
The photographer, Askia Muhammad, told the Trice Edney News Wire that he “gave the picture up at the time and basically swore secrecy.”“But after the nomination was secured and all the way up until the inauguration; then for eight years after he was President, it was kept under cover,” Muhammad said.
What union is there between light and darkness?
She says Franken "aggressively stuck his tongue in my mouth" when the pair rehearsed a skit that featured a kiss.
Yet, though they claim that Paddock was a lone gunman, they continue to withhold video of him in Mandalay Bay because they are still investigating other suspects to charge in the shooting.
Already fractured since the collapse of all Catholic institutions after Vatican II and the horrors of the sex abuse crisis, how much will there be to repair of the once-steadfast trust Catholics instinctively had in the Church after this?
The professor said they'd take Arnold's concerns into consideration.
I included the following quote from CNN in an article the other day, but I also believe that it fits just perfectly here…
The problem is not having this tendency, no, we must be brothers and sisters to one another, and there is this one and there is that one.
That is a new liturgy.
What would he think if he knew the anti-Israel purposes that CJH is putting his gift to?
Saris has apparently decided to bend to the inevitable in the case of Indonesians, who had years of hearings and appeals, all to naught, but do a little sabotage instead.However, she will not let it go quietly into the night.What we have here is that Saris realized she has no authority over the deportation of illegal aliens, but she will do her best to throw a wrench in the works by attempting to get illegal aliens released from custody, so they can then disappear into the United States and consequently not be deported.
A San Francisco jury on Thursday found Jose Ines Garcia Zarate, also known as Juan Francisco Lopez Sanchez, not guilty of the murder of Kate Steinle on a San Francisco pier on July 1, 2015.
“I will always practice the turning of the bones of my ancestors — plague or no plague.
Apparently the real problem with this whole thing has been that the Kasperian kerfuffle has totally been blown way, way, WAY out of proportion, and the “polarization” it has caused has been “regrettable”.
No more games.
To teach with such a seemingly intentional lack of clarity inevitably risks sinning against the Holy Spirit, the Spirit of truth.
In February 2016, Zakkout publicized on his Facebook page a bizarre Duke report, titled in part ‘Dr.
“This is a loser for the school district,” Haynes said.
Uranium One Bombshell: Evidence of Bribery, Extortion, Kickbacks, Money Laundering, and More!
The bishops and priests now talking about the supreme glory of the Eucharist, and the need to defend it from sacrilege, are lighthouses.
Again and again you portray doctrine as dead and bookish, and far from the pastoral concerns of everyday life.
THE OPPORTUNITIES AND RISKS OF TRUMP'S IRAN INITIATIVE
Dem Congressman Praises Hitler-Loving Anti-Semite
All three were targeted for removal either because they are Jewish or have vocally opposed anti-Jewish discrimination on campus.
“Dirty Bomber” Jose Padilla was a student of Shafayat Mohamed’s at Darul Uloom.
Weinandy sent the letter to the pope on July 31, the Feast of St. Ignatius of Loyola.
He and Eve could have their own personal water slide!
“There will be such diversity of opinions and schisms among the people, the religious and the clergy, that, except those days were shortened, according to the words of the Gospel, even the elect would be led into error, were they not specially guided, amid such great confusion, by the immense mercy of God….
Did Saint Francis Predict Pope Francis?
Shockingly, another Tweet by Loomer also revealed that the license plate numbers given out by police after the horrific shooting DO NOT match the actual license plate of Paddock’s vehicle.
His decision during the campaign to release a list of potential justices drafted by Leo reflected the reality-TV star’s weakness as a presidential candidate.
[The first article] stated that only the Republic of Columbia recognizes only the Catholic religion.
Marx’s idea “truly seems sacrilegious” and “ignores the clear Revelation of God,” Cordes wrote in a response on kath.net.
A member of the FBI leaves the Mandalay Bay hotel following the mass shooting in Las Vegas, Nevada, October 4, 2017.
President Donald Trump immediately seized on the verdict on Thursday as evidence of the perils of "Illegal Immigration."
Fastiggi’s exchange with Ferrara concerning “Wait, Wait, It’s all a mistranslation!”
Yet, there is no outcry from the community, not from Muslims, not from non-Muslims.
Mr. Ferrara, however, bases his critique upon an assumption that the “generous response” offered to God is a sin.
Representative Barbara Comstock also testified on Tuesday.
Sara, let’s start with your report.
“As a person of faith myself, I don’t see any problem with having an after-school Bible program,” White said.
Democratize SSMU had targeted Lew and the other two students on the board because they had connections to the Canadian Jewish Political Affairs Committee (CJPAC) and were involved in getting the BDS ban passed, which Democratize SSMU claimed were “conflicts of interests.”
Nominating him, rather than a conservative with similar views but a different background, was bound to stir up trouble.
Haig strongly denies that.
Other speakers included: United States Representative Alcee Hastings; then-Florida Democratic Party Chairman Stephen Bittel, who resigned in November over allegations of sexually inappropriate behavior; and then-Palm Beach County Party Chairwoman Terrie Rizzo, who was elected in December to take over for Bittel as Chair of the Florida Democratic Party.
#WestervilleStrong pic.twitter.com/GcN3Y4FRvr — City of Westerville (@tellwesterville) February 11, 2018
But he said that millions of others sympathized with the movement’s anticolonial stance and were inspired by its most famous member, Muhammad Ali.
On that occasion Archbishop Lefebvre delivered an address on the desperate state of the Church at that time—42 years ago—that was never transcribed or published until we did so for the December 15, 2017 print edition of The Remnant.
Except for one thing: The communist part and the nuclear-war part were concocted.
The infectious disease also has a fatality rate of almost 90% making it much more deadly than the black death plaguing Madagascar.
“Some preachers will keep silent about the truth, and others will trample it under foot and deny it.
That’s because I believe that the CIA, as part of its deal with Trump, will order its assets in Congress to cease and desist with respect to that investigation.
I give him credit for his colorful style.
At 10:16 p.m., two men drag a “fallen victim” across the parking lot.
“(The judge) also rejected arguments by the coroner’s office that there were any privacy interests with regards to the autopsy of Stephen Paddock, let alone any that outweighed the strong presumption of access to records in Nevada.”
AL 303 teaches that conscience will come to recognize that God is asking for a step in the right direction away from sin.
There’s no sunset in this agreement.”
She explained why the Trump administration decided to take “a comprehensive approach to confronting the Iranian regime,” which does not give the regime a get out of jail free card even if it is in technical compliance with the loophole-ridden nuclear deal agreed to by the Obama administration.
“The Ellen DeGeneres Show,” which aired last week.
And for those of us who’ve been in the trenches for a long, long time it also provides welcome reminder of why we must continue to fight.
“Another media briefing will be held when we have new and accurate information.” When asked when that briefing would be, Alston guessed it could occur in the next two weeks.
India Joins U.S. and China With Plans to Visit the Moon
As the outbreak worsens, some doctors are even warning that “no one is safe” from the disease.
At least 128 people have been killed and more than 1,300 infected by the deadlier pneumonic strain of the medieval disease.
The following comes from Breitbart…
When successfully executed, it causes little excitement and is only casually investigated.
It skewers them.
Here’s proof, from Australia.
Don’t forget: this is the height of the Cold War!
The Board’s ruling, which is called a “reference,” was then referred to SSMU’s directors for ratification.
For example, one year ago three cardinals sent me a letter (Cardinals Wright, Tabera [Arturo Carinal Tabera Araoz, one of the Council Fathers MJM], and Gabriel-Marie Garrone) telling me (in effect) that I must close the seminaries.
It may seem like a moment to enjoy, seeing the apparently unbreachable shell of papal teflon finally cracking, but in reality this situation is potentially very harmful for souls in the long run.
He was certainly never used by the CIA.
Rep. Barbara Comstock (R-Va.) said at a House Administration Committee hearing on Tuesday that a sitting member of the U.S. Congress exposed himself to a young female staffer who delivered papers to his house–at his request.
But your actions and words too often seem intent on doing the opposite….
Trump tweeted last month that he had selected Haspel to replace Mike Pompeo, who is being considered to be secretary of state.
Garcia told the court Zarate was playing his own “secret version of Russian roulette,” and thus parroted the defense’s contention that the shooting was all a matter of chance.
Additionally, the family of Stephen Paddock just received his cremated remains on Thursday and his brother said that the family has yet to receive an autopsy report.
What did the CIA give Trump in return for Trump’s extending the CIA’s 50-year-plus secrecy?
As the days have become weeks, the weeks will become months, and survival will get more difficult.
And I hope that you can understand my poor English, but I think it is better to speak some bad English because to translate would take too much time.
Scumbag shooter Stephen Paddock LEFT A NOTE, see new pics from inside hotel room!
And during those eleven years, I met Msgr.
Meanwhile, the local law enforcement investigative services are telling us there is no terrorist connection–lone gunman, again, something is not adding up,” Perry replied.
The looming crisis seems to be getting worse, not better, and Puerto Rico is experiencing a medical crisis of epic proportions.
We have done preparedness support to some of the neighboring countries.” Tourists have been warned to stay out of Madagascar until doctors can get the plague under control to prevent its spread.
The governor has asked Congress for $46 billion in CDBG funding alone.
David W. Dockery, senior pastor at First Baptist Church of Princeton.
Zarate and his defense team maintained the argument that the suspect found the stolen weapon on the pier that day and it “just fired.” The gun belonged to a federal Bureau of Land Management ranger and was stolen from his parked car a week earlier.
Let us know in the comments below.
Cardone wrote about his experience in a post on Medium in which he claimed that the Mandalay Bay was telling visitors that there was at least one active shooter, “moving” throughout the hotel shooting people.
They have both condemned Trump for "sensationalizing" Steinle's death to advance anti-immigration policies, and expressed frustration with San Francisco officials, who they believe went too far in refusing to cooperate with federal immigration authorities.
And so he conspired with the terror group, the Nation of Islam, to keep it hidden for 10 years.
He had also previously opposed increasing the purchase age from 18 to 21.
It is very bad.
@ Theresa_May, don’t focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom.
The Instructions of the Carbonari say the bishop and the priest will think that they are following the tiara of the Pope, but they will be following the flag of Freemasonry [“the banner of revolution”].
It was at this early “no evidence” comment on the plane home from Rio that some of those paying attention started to understand that Bergoglio’s policy is in line with that of certain leaders of the past who recommended that if a politician was going to lie, he should lie big and lie brazenly.
"Karadima would say to me: 'Put your mouth next to mine and stick out your tongue.'
Proponents of the JCPOA argue that exiting the nuclear deal unless it is changed to the Trump administration’s satisfaction would undermine U.S. credibility with North Korea and thereby kill any chance of negotiations to resolve the crisis caused by North Korea's continued testing of sophisticated nuclear arms and ballistic missiles.
It’s just very hard to see any upside for Trump in choosing Kavanaugh instead of a safer, but still very conservative, other option.
Solar activity, measured by the appearance of sun spots, has been declining at a greater rate than at any other time in history.
The woman reportedly got up from the scene.
In the article that I co-authored with Dr. Goldstein, we would have done better to speak of the “official” Latin text rather than the “original” Latin text.
Saris is clearly scheming to help Rombot escape deportation by disappearing into the almost 1 million illegal aliens absconding from Final Orders of Removal
U.S. District Judge Patti Saris in Boston expressed concern the Indonesians could be deported before their administrative appeals were finished, given their claims they could face religious persecution in the world’s largest majority-Muslim nation.
Meanwhile, Syria has become ground zero for Iran's execution of its regional ambitions, which is to establish its Shiite Crescent connecting with its allies, including Iraq, Syria and Lebanon.
Who was this victim?
Not surprisingly, the mainstream media isn’t even questioning that ludicrous notion.
Political consultants often ask: how does it look?
Something is rotten in Denmark!
Pope Francis defers to the exposition of Amoris laetitia by Cardinal Schoenborn given in April 2016 when the exhortation was made public.
That is very bad, because we have no sense of the hierarchical; whereas the sense of hierarchy is very important in our life.
The day began with Trump patting Kim on the back and placing his hand on the North Korean's shoulder as they walked into their first meeting.
In San Francisco, Gonzalez became known as “The Great Left Hope,” and a hero to Bay Area radicals.
And so, Cardinal Villot says, there is a confusion, and they do not want me to visit the pope.
We did not find anything of that.
Starting with the US embassy seizure and hostage crisis, Trump described Iran’s crimes and acts of war against America in greater detail than any of his predecessors ever did.
She still thinks that she can review the underlying decision of the immigration court as well.In fact, Saris' actions appear to more akin to that of the Mexican kritarch Monica Herranz who aided an illegal alien to escape arrest by ICE when she let that illegal alien leave her courtroom through the exit to her judicial chambers.
He cited the cases of two US far right bloggers, Robert Spencer and Pamela Geller, who were banned by May in 2013 from entering the UK to take part in English Defence League rallies, as precedents for taking action against Trump.
Eventually, Douthat drew his argument to its logical conclusion with this question: Were priests throughout history in fact misleading their divorced and remarried parishioners by telling them they could not receive communion?
And of course, we are seeing it starting already.
Interestingly, the story doesn’t end there, as Ambellas wrote in his piece, author and entrepreneur Grant Cardone was actually holding an investors meeting in the very same bar shortly before the attack took place.
Lew followed the advice and was elected as a board member.
The plague is a lie,” Helene Raveloharisoa told the wire service.
But the only dissent and argument that Jews are supposed to welcome is that of people who hate the existence of Jewish nationhood.
His attorneys say he continues to cooperate with investigators.
Federal courts do not have direct authority over immigration matters, which are handled by the Executive Office for Immigration Review, but Chief Judge Patti Saris of the US District Court in Boston wrote in a court filing on Wednesday that she has a say over the terms of his confinement.
Those that have been engaging in this sort of shameful behavior have got to go because we simply are not going to put up with it anymore.
In the early days of the Warren Commission, commission chairman Earl Warren called a top-secret meeting of the commission.
The idea that a weekly Bible class for 6,600 students in 16 public elementary schools and three middle schools is somehow simply an academic offering doesn’t sit well with Lynne White, 54, a former two-term school board member and mother of two sons who went through Mercer schools.
The new mission's predecessor, Chandrayaan-1, was an orbiter that found the first evidence that there was water ice on the moon.
That the Pope seems to propose the Quran as a way of salvation, is that not cause for worry?
So far, the plague has claimed 57 lives and infected more than 680 others.
Such a shift could potentially facilitate the achievement of Trump’s goals of preventing Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons, containing its regional aggression and empowerment and defeating its terrorist proxies.
Since Donald Trump mentioned the case, former vice-presidential candidate Matt Gonzalez had to establish the complete innocence of the shooter.
Senator Martin Heinrich (D-NM) along with a handful of other lawmakers are calling on the federal government to continue to provide aid to the post-apocalyptic ravaged territory.
Early symptoms include fever, chills, headache, and myalgia (muscle pain).
During the Myers controversy, the Center took pains to disassociate Myers and themselves from JVP because a JVP handout had listed him as a “JVP Academic Advisory Board Member.” But in reality the Center, through AJHS, has an ongoing relationship with JVP.
And why are those members of Congress still allowed to serve?
In cases of covert state-sponsored assassinations, Latin American regimes were taught, a good strategy was to blame the assassination on a communist because then they could smear anyone who challenged the official story as a communist sympathizer.
As a Christian, he should also be mindful of the command against bearing false witness.
No Californian can feel good about their justice system today.
And our liturgy is the school of our Faith.
Why would a genuine communist join the Marines in the first place, especially since the Marines had just recently killed millions of North Korean communists?
And to keep their racist boycott movement going by maintaining control over student governments.
Swedish PM does not rule out use of army to end gang violence
That would make sense, especially given that the Marine Corps is a prime recruiting place for the CIA.
[3] Otherwise known as the “Permanent Instruction of the Alta Vendita,” a secret document written in the early 19th Century that mapped out a blueprint for the subversion of the Catholic Church.
This is not a breach of the JCPOA.”
"These two are among some of the most extreme anti-Muslim activists in the world.
So yes, I am going to share some things in this article that are truly disgusting, but the goal is to show you that it is time to take our government back from the corrupt career politicians that are completely and utterly out of control.
Mexican national Jose Ines Garcia Zarate, 54, is a seven-time felon and has been deported five times.
They learn nothing now.
“What is the relationship between Christ and Satan?
Trump Slams “Disgraceful Verdict” After San Francisco Jury Acquits “Kate’s Law”-Victim’s Killer
The larger-than-usual outbreak had helped spread the bacteria that causes the plague more widely.
No, that’s Satan.
"I have grown accustomed to feeling unwelcome in Jewish spaces," Dan Fishback whines.
On the face of it, there are only a few logical possibilities here.
State Democratic Party legislators who backed the bill said it was necessary despite the "poison pill" of allowing more guns in schools under the guardian programme.
For example, in Obama’s memoir subtitled A Story of Race and Inheritance, Obama recounts his being a regular reader of Minister Farrakhan’s Nation of Islam newspaper The Final Call.
The requirement that people embroiled in such unions commit to living in continence before they can be absolved and partake of the Blessed Sacrament—a moral norm binding “ without exception ” because it is rooted in divine law—is suddenly demoted to a mere “proposal” that may not be “feasible” or “viable” in “the concrete circumstances of the couple.”
“I saw Karadima and Juan Barros kissing and touching each other.
The headquarters of my archdiocese and my apostolate have been occupied by radical Islamists who want us to convert or die.
“The problem of plague is not just a medical response.
This testimony also backs up claims by another eyewitness, Rene Downs, who has spent the past few days doing interviews about a shooter inside the Bellagio Hotel.
Who, reading this passage, does not feel the urge to shout down the years, to do something to stave off the disaster that was coming:
A mistake many make about lying is to understand it only in terms of morality.
“I know the pain of these cases of child abuse and I am following how much is needed to overcome this serious and painful evil,” he said.
He is also the vicar for the philosophical-theological education and ongoing formation and training of pastoral workers.
Australia is both a country and a continent.
Ryan Grant (Mediatrix Press: 2015), Book II, Chapter 29, p. 303.
Ambellas also reported on what his research indicates were documented helicopters in the air at the time.
Any observer of the case could believe it probably will be.
La Stampa’s Robert Fastiggi Replied to Chris Ferrara’s articles on Fastiggi and Goldstein’s defense of Amoris Laetitia and their criticism of the Filial Correction:
Somehow the “new evangelization” is involved in this, though it’s unclear how exactly it makes adultery and sacrilege OK. Also, it’s very important to fulfill the Sunday Mass obligation, and as everyone knows, one can’t possibly go to Mass on a Sunday without receiving Communion.
And we know in France, in Germany, and in Europe generally, that all of the young bishops are worse [than the bishops in Spain] in that they are more or less Marxist.
The plague death toll has now shown signs that it’s picking up speed again.
As far as the FBI was concerned, my recollection is not all that precise.
This obviously does not look good for the Pope or the Catholic Church as they are now apparently engaging in attacking the victims instead of actually going after the abusers.
Sandri would be one of a number of Bergoglian partisans at the conclave who are now said to be experiencing “buyer’s remorse,” as documented most recently in the explosive best-seller The Dictator Pope .
Guatemalan law lists the charge as an assassination.
Sociology helped generate a whole range of fake new academic subjects while corrupting existing ones into a toxic stew of racism and meaningless jargon.
It took a matter of hours for the brave defenders of the status quo to leap into action against the mild Franciscan friar’s polite plea to Pope Francis to defend the Catholic Faith and faithful.
The June 2017 application was the last of four filed by the Justice Department in support of FISA court orders allowing the monitoring of Page for nearly a year.
After being asked to confirm the information, dispatch goes on to make clear that she is specifically speaking about the bar at the top of the hotel rather than anywhere near the 32nd floor room that Stephen Paddock supposedly operated from.
What if the Quds Force does not go home to Iran and the Shiite militias that helped retake Kirkuk refuse to enlist in the Iraqi army?
In a letter to May, Bryant wrote: “I am writing to you to ask you and the home secretary to take immediate action to ban the president of the United States, Donald Trump, from entering the United Kingdom, due to his apparent support for far-right groups in this country.
Dr. Fastiggi’s inapt citation to Canon 751 and his clumsy and insulting questions about my “standing in the Catholic Church” and whether I am “refusing submission to the Roman Pontiff” demonstrate a pronounced lack of comprehension of pertinent ecclesiological and theological basics, and a rather embarrassing lack of rhetorical finesse.
The transformation to the Burkhan 2-H design required the Houthi engineers to increase the size of the fuel and oxidizer tanks, and lengthen the airframe accordingly.
Like I said, nothing adds up, but I’m just telling you, I have received what I feel to be and believe to be credible evidence of a possible terrorist nexus, and we’re gonna have to wait… until the situation develops,” he said.
But in 1983 at the start of my personal investigations into the Catholic religion, I knew nothing of any of that.
The jury of six men and six women, including three immigrants, found the Mexican national not guilty of all murder and manslaughter charges and guilty only of felony possession of a firearm.
The first part of that interview is a blatant and enormous lie, and it was from there that the pope moved on to his apology for homosexuality in general.
Paddock transferred $100,000 to his girlfriend in the Philippines, now an ISIS foothold.
ICE Deports Guatemalan Man Wanted For Assassination
What should I do about it?’”
It's not surprising.
Ten years [after Gabriel filed criminal charges], in May 2013, with Grassi still free despite his conviction in 2009, “Gabriel and his attorney, Juan Pablo Gallego, brought a two-page letter addressed to Pope Francis to the office of the papal nuncio in Buenos Aires.
Hide Caption 16 of 30 Photos: Mass shooting at Las Vegas music festival Victims of the shooting are tended to in the street.
A new virus for which medical officials have no remedy is spreading.
The Pope caused outrage after a visit to Chile last month by defending Bishop Barros, who was made a bishop in 2015.
“My wife and I were in Las Vegas celebrating our 10th anniversary and on October 1st we were involved in an incident with an active shooter at the Bellagio.
“When jurisdictions choose to return criminal aliens to the streets rather than turning them over to federal immigration authorities, they put the public’s safety at risk,” the statement said.
Damascus claims that Israel's "terrorist" allies inside Syria fired the shells, to give the IDF an excuse to attack.
Last Thursday, however, was not the first time Francis, confronted unexpectedly in public over the Barros question, has responded testily and with insults.
In 2012, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission sent a letter to Lambert with findings that TLI had exported plutonium “in excess of the maximum quantity and type applied for and licensed,” and “exported Australian obligated material, which was not authorized under license conditions.”
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history has been charged with manufacturing armor-piercing bullets.
And of course, Russia’s intentions and reach into the U.S. energy market.”
People here are not used to the hospital.
They were so confident in that that they even had him open up the new office because they were planning on the kind of business they were going to do as soon as CFIUS approved it.”
They told me they were [considering] the seminary of Paris.
Palermo then specifically heard the gun shots get “closer and closer” before quickly deciding it was once again time to run.
[1] And remember when Cardinal O’Malley told the pope off in public over the “pain” these accusations had caused the victims of sexual abuse?
At this point it is strikingly obvious that authorities have lied to the American people about the worst mass shooting in our countries history.
Rather, it has been nurtured in part by a toxic campus press, especially the McGill Daily, a publication which openly refuses to publish any “Zionist” content.
Allegations against Karadima – that went back to 1962 – had certainly been reported to Church authorities well before a Chilean news agency revealed the case in 2010, but were ignored by Errázuriz.
The U.S. had warned the Kurds against holding the referendum on independence on Sept. 25, which carried with 92 percent.
As many as 50 aid workers are believed to have been among the 1,200 people infected with the more dangerous airborne pneumonic strain of the disease.
For example, with religious freedom: now the Holy See and all the Nuncios are against the Catholic State in the name of the Council - in the name of the Declaration of Religious Freedom.
In it, Jews are described as: “arrogant,” “jealous,” “selfish,” “spiteful,” “greedy,” “cursed,” “apes and swine,” and “under divine displeasure.”
Throughout the day, Trump and Kim's body language was openly friendly, a striking warmth given Kim's iron grip on power and dismal record on human rights.
In a detailed menu, the White House said the men were served Häagen-Dazs vanilla ice cream for dessert.
“The Mother Wheel is a heavily armed spaceship the size of a city, which will rain destruction upon white America but save those who embrace the Nation of Islam.”
What’s also incredibly interesting, is that eyewitnesses claim to have seen security guards chasing another security guard in the minutes leading up to the massacre.
And neither would it have done so if Trump had not granted the CIA’s request for a continued cover-up of what it did on November 22, 1963.
Recall the McCarthy hearings.
Once the bacteria is resistant, the Madagascar healthcare system will be overwhelmed, and the disease will have control of the nation.
He had tweeted, "EU no longer considers #Hamas a terrorist group.
According to links and information shared by Thomas Wictor and a timeline assessment by Twitter user Mr. Alex, the plausibility of Paddock accidentally killing himself amid the confusion, adrenaline and panic is quite high:
Remarkable: A U.S.-created border army is going to occupy and control long stretches of Syria's borders with Turkey and Iraq, over Syria's objections.
The full name of the country is the Commonwealth of Australia, meaning Australia is both a continent and a country.
“TENEX continues to supply Iran with fuel through their Russian company TVEL,” stated Campbell in a 2010 brief provided to the FBI.
While back in Virginia, Patel stayed in touch with the FBI source.
For example, a photo has surfaced of Franken grabbing Joy Behar in a very creepy manner.
Not a man to seek out confrontation.”
Democratize SSMU shamefully highlighted Lew’s ethnicity as a reason for his removal.
A big mystery.
A representative for Southern New Hampshire University didn't immediately respond to INSIDER's request for comment.
Reports indicated that some jihadis were paying as much as $50,000 to get across the border.
That would leave millions more vulnerable to the outbreak, and create a short supply of life-saving antibiotics.
As of today, here is the revised timeline, as outlined by the Los Angeles Times:
Authorities believe he may have had an accomplice, based on the elaborate planning on Sunday night’s rampage.
"We were comfortable because the cap on Iran’s low-enriched uranium stockpile remains in place until 2030,” Kerry wrote in an article published in the Washington Post late last month.
This stunning tower audio once again provides proof that the entire narrative that claims that Stephen Paddock operated alone from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Hotel is complete nonsense and that authorities are actually actively covering up what really happened on that fateful night.
The only way to treat a person who has contracted the plague is with antibiotics.
Bringing in the military comes in as an option ahead of cutting migration to Sweden.
“Credible Evidence Of A Terrorist Infiltration”: Congressman Says ‘Secret Intel’ Proves ISIS Connection To Las Vegas Massacre
The CIA says that releasing its decades-old JFK records will reveal secret “methods” of intelligence gathering.
He is the second suspect in the #LasVegasShooting.
And in its constitution, the words of the first article [of the constitution] of the State of Valais – Econe, where we are located, is in the State of Valais - only one religion is recognized: The Catholic Church.)
Haig said he learned of the massacre when authorities contacted him at work the next morning.
Hitler was a very great man.”
They cannot agree on the person and work of Jesus the Christ.
These Metro officers and armed Mandalay Bay security officers immediately responded to the 32nd floor.” The statement says MGM believes Paddock began firing out the window of his room within 40 seconds of Campos reporting his shooting, and Lombardo said Friday, “I agree with the statement.” These discrepancies on basic facts are feeding conspiracy theories.
The coroner was ordered on January 11 to pay nearly $32,000 in legal costs to the Review-Journal because it refused to release public records.
It isn’t going to stop until we boot out the corrupt career politicians that are engaging in this type of behavior.
The Carbonari must enter into the seminary, into the convent, into the sacristy, and slowly, very slowly, the priests will have the ideals of the revolution; of the Freemasons.
That I don't know — it's possible, but who knows."
Shafayat Mohamed is the imam of the Darul Uloom Institute, located in Pembroke Pines, Florida.
And it is difficult to imagine anyone being in a worse position than he was at the time.
Haig and his attorney did not immediately respond to requests for comment on the conspiracy theorizing.
I have decided that they have to leave and they have to leave.”
The Sun is getting cooler and dimmer, but scientists aren’t worried
Cardinal Ottaviani, standing, says to Cardinal Bea, “You have no authority to compose this schema, because it is a theological thesis and therefore within the competence of the Theological Commission.” As Cardinal Bea stands up, he says, “I do have the right to compose this schema because if anything concerns Christian Unity it is religious liberty, and I am the President of the Secretariat for Promoting Christian Unity.” Cardinal Bea, addressing Cardinal Ottaviani, further said, “I am opposed to your schema.”
The videos in the retweets are authentic and have circulated for years.
"This is evidently of no consequence to a President who cares about nothing about the country and everything about his narrow self-interest," Schiff added.
As the anti-Israel radicalism of the left grows, such choices will become even more obscenely simple.
Sunday's editorial in The Washington Post, "The Next Mideast Wars," raises the crucial questions now before us.
According to an ex-Secret Service agent, Vice-President Joe Biden was regularly engaged in “Weinstein-level” predatory behavior…
It’s highly unusual,” Hickey told media.
The same book, it must be noted, contains an appendix setting forth “Doubtful Works of Saint Francis,” of which the quotation is not part.
It is evident.
Benelli then said to me, you must put down in a writing to the Holy Father that you accept the Second Vatican Council, you accept the reform that followed the Council, and that you accept the orientations that have been given by Rome.
Indeed, it was understood, as the Washington Post said, that Francis’ trip to Latin America – dogged by protests over Barros both in person at the pope’s appearances and in the press – was in part intended as “an apology tour” to abuse survivors.
The war for dominance in the Middle East, following the crushing of ISIS, appears about to commence in Syria—with NATO allies America and Turkey on opposing sides.
But when Arnold got her grade back on Feb. 1, she was shocked to see her professor had failed her.
How did Warren resolve this troubling issue?
Something else to consider: Saint Francis, one of the greatest saints in Church history, one of the few who is known and revered by the whole world, freely revealed his vision of an ecclesial destroyer who usurps the papal office.
Uranium One Informant Breaks Silence: Moscow Paid Millions To Influence Hillary Clinton
The profession was made public on Jan. 2, 2018.
Ohajacao-Ramos legally entered the United States in 1998 as a visitor and overstayed his temporary visa by more than 18 years.
NEW YORK — U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Enforcement and Removal Operations (ERO) removed a Guatemalan citizen Wednesday who was wanted in his home country on charges of homicide.
The president’s order is similar to his February move, when he cleared the way for the Republican-led House Intelligence Committee to release a partisan memo about the surveillance warrant on Carter Page.
It was one of the most brilliant and cunning ruses in history.
Lawmaker makes shocking claim about the Vegas massacre (video)
Likewise, the definition of the English word “exemplar” is simply: “an ideal model.”
Is co-sponsoring events with a hate group that has sponsored talks by a woman who accused Jews of drinking blood also apolitical scholarship?
The difference in quality between the factory welds and the new welds is readily discernable.
Kerry had promised that the Iranian regime would be prohibited from testing ballistic missiles.
On Tuesday, Major General Bagheri landed in Damascus for talks with Syrian President Bashar Assad and senior Syrian officials, including the defense minister and the chief of staff of the Syrian armed forces.
The time for hierarchical action is now, before the damage to the Church becomes irreparable.
“In what can only be described as a “WTF video” the following footage seems to literally show a team of unknown soldiers gearing up next to a helicopter near the Route 91 concert.”
What must be most annoying for the Clinton team is that these investigations all started as a way to undermine the Trump administration and continue to push connections between Trump and Russia.
Thank you and let me know if I need to provide further resources proving Australia is a country.
It was reported by the Mandalay there was a shooter moving through the hotel.
Of that book, no less than Robert Royal—signaling growing alarm over the Bergoglian Debacle in the Catholic mainstream— has written : “About 90 percent of it is simply incontrovertible, and cannot help but clarify who Francis is and what he’s about.” And the picture that emerges in stark relief in The Dictator Pope, as Life Site News reports , is that of “a power-hungry, manipulative dictator, [who] celebrated the abdication of Benedict XVI” because he knew what it meant: that the plan to give him the Keys of Peter in 2005 would finally come to fruition in 2013.
Las Vegas gunman's motive still unknown
Shortly thereafter, he moved into a motel his parents owned and started applying for jobs with the military, as well as some paramilitary organizations – like police and fire departments, correctional facilities and probation offices.
During this operation, ERO deportation officers made arrests in the following Illinois cities and towns: Chicago (9), Cicero (4), Hoffman Estates (1), Palatine (4), Park City (1), Rolling Meadows (2) and Round Lake Beach (1).
I got a very high ranking Congressman and that knows, let us put it that way, and actually sent me a note.
Some mainstream media commentators are criticizing the CIA for waiting until the very last day to make its case for continued secrecy.
In this case, I conducted the preliminary investigation and we didn’t find anything.
That was the ingenious way that the CIA was able to get the investigation into the assassination squelched just as soon as Oswald was murdered.
That sort of politically correct nonsense plays well in San Francisco, so any observer of the case could be forgiven for believing that prosecution and defense both got the outcome they wanted, regardless of the tragedy for the Steinle family.
The media reported that over 1,300 Catholic faithful in Osorno, including 30 priests of the diocese and 51 members of Parliament, wrote to the pope asking him to rescind the appointment – none of which received any response.
It's not that boycotting Dan Fishback censors work.
The fact is that this latest promulgation is counter-magisterial, but the pope and his right-hand man now feel they have enough support from the dissenting left that enables them to come forward with it.
Jim Acosta has his press pass back.
His wife confided in a priest, who told Errázuriz in 2006.
Ms Fransen herself has a long history of racism and Islamophobia, some of it criminal.
The Sun Is Going DARK: No Sunspots For 96 Days; Ice Age Approaches
House of Representatives Paid $15,000,000 To Sexual Harassment Victims
“But with a letter signed by the Pope in January 2015 and sent to the Chilean bishops, the request for exemption is blocked and shortly thereafter Barros is promoted to…Osorno.”
"The work carried out in Washington - together with resident commissioner Jenniffer González - was able to deliver the message of the urgency of an allocation of funds that meets the needs of the Island," the governor said in Friday's statement.
The CIA’s continued secrecy in the JFK assassination is no big surprise.
“That’s the thing I‘m concerned about here.” U.S. Judge Wrestles With Issue Of Indonesian Immigrants, by Scott Malone, Reuters, October 20, 2017
“The Church is in its pastoral care bound to Holy Scripture and to its interpretation through the Church’s Magisterium,” wrote Cordes.
Why would a genuine communist join the Marines knowing that he could be called upon at any moment to go to Korea, Laos, Vietnam, Europe, or elsewhere to kill fellow communists?
As the Archbishop of Dakar and President of the Episcopal Commission for French-speaking West Africa, I was appointed member of the Central Preparatory Commission of the Second Vatican Council.
It’s Airborne: Officials Warn That The “Black Death” Plague Could Spread Rapidly
Trump also said he hopes to eventually withdraw US forces from South Korea, but said "that's not part of the equation right now."
Educate those around you.
* * *
"We both want to do something.
Once again, Mr. Ferrara assumes this means access to Holy Communion without prior sacramental confession.
If the parents have no objection and the student has no objection, it is okay.”
The press, secular as well as Catholic, is full this week of the story that the pope did indeed see evidence of Barros’ complicity in Karadima’s sexual abuse – not only that Barros had helped to cover it up but that he had been present and a direct witness at the time and therefore a passive participant.
It appears then that Parolin's rescript constitutes a direct reply to the dubia of the Four Cardinals.
“During the air traffic control recordings, which were released by political strategist and co-founder of “The New Right” Mike Tokes, one of the dispatchers is heard telling an incoming plane that landing might not be a good idea because there were multiple active shooters on the airport property itself,” SHTFplan reported.
In a subsequent Facebook post, Lew wrote, “My Jewish identity was now public, and a target was placed squarely upon me by the McGill BDS movement.”
Now, new information released by investigative reporter Laura Loomer proves that authorities have directly lied to the American people about the case at least once by claiming that supposed shooter Stephen Paddock checked into the Mandalay Bay Hotel on September 28th when valet records (with photos) prove he actually arrived three days earlier.
pic.twitter.com/ifkkglZ4kw — Laura Loomer (@LauraLoomer) January 30, 2018
In the wake of Hurricane Maria’s wrath, Puerto Rico remains devastated.
The outbreak of the black plague in Madagascar has so far killed 97 people, and doctors are warning that it will be continuing to spread and worsen, meaning no one is safe.
This historic address appeared for the first time ever in a print edition of The Remnant last year.
In public statements this week, Haig denied any connection to the massacre and said he merely sold Paddock the rounds.
The same day, I presented myself at the reference desk of the public library and asked, “Do you have any books about Catholicism?
In the document, the three bishops solemnly professed the Church’s received teaching and discipline regarding sacramental marriage and the limited conditions (see Familiaris Consortio, n. 84) under which Catholics who are civilly divorced and joined in a second union may receive sacramental absolution and Holy Communion.
In July 2014, Zakkout organized a pro-Hamas rally held outside the Israeli Consulate in downtown Miami.
We have very good young men.
But perhaps in hindsight, we are ready to examine the full implications of his little speech, one that was clearly well-rehearsed.
And I have these experiences every day.
He zealously states, while drawing laughter from his small audience, “You say, ‘Why are you preaching against the Jews?’ Well, don’t come back next Wednesday night.
“We’ve seen no evidence of a terrorist attack, and I will ask with all due respect, congressman, unless have you specific evidence to back that up, it seems a bit irresponsible to make that allegation so, if you do, or make that assertion, if do you have any evidence of that, I’m asking you right now to share it with us and tell us what that is.
This can have a number of effects on our planet, including changes in the thickness of the stratospheric ozone layer and temperatures far above ground.
This activity has frequently taken the form of violence on our streets.
With no sunspots reported in 96 days, the sun is going dark and the evidence could point to an approaching ice age.
Did you know that the House of Representatives has paid out $15,000,000 to victims of sexual harassment in recent years?
In his letter, he also attaches the full text of a previous letter written a month earlier to the Vatican's top diplomat in Chile, Archbishop Ivo Scapolo.
My acceptance from the reading of this document of the Church’s orthodox eucharistic doctrine was based in part on Pope Paul’s gracious and beautiful exposition, and in part on the sheer radical, mad unlikeliness of it.
WHO has delivered 1.2 million doses of antibiotics to fight the disease while the Red Cross has been training hundreds of volunteers on the island to publicize preventative measures.
Lombardo had said Monday that Campos, the guard, was shot at 9:59 p.m. and that the mass shooting began at 10:05 p.m.
Former Secretary of State John Kerry wasted no time condemning President Trump’s decision not to recertify, and to possibly withdraw from, the disastrous nuclear deal with Iran that Kerry negotiated on behalf of his boss Barack Obama.
It is also important to keep in mind that multiple investigative reports conducted by other alternative media outlets have actually named government officials and private companies that may be behind the attack and so far there has been no official denial from either.
A third AJHS-JVP event featured Efrat Yerday, an anti-Israel activist, accusing Israel of racism.
And they are afraid that if I reveal the truth [and tell the Pope] “you must affirm the Kingdom of Jesus Christ everywhere and always each day.
Because, next Wednesday night, God’s wrath is on the Jews even more!”
During an appearance with Tucker Carlson on Fox, Rep. Scott Perry (R-Pa.) said he’s seen credible evidence that ISIS was involved in the devastating Las Vegas shooting.
Article posted with permission from SHTFPlan
When the American Jewish Historical Society hosts and co-sponsors an event by a BDS hate group attacking the existence of Israel and featuring a speaker who had defended terrorism and anti-Semitism, the choice becomes easy.
Trump is being led to the Rubicon.
Lawyers submitted a letter to him from ICE saying that as part of the 2010 deal he would be allowed to leave the country in an “orderly” way.
In the meantime, authorities still have not released a conclusive timeline for the shooting they desperately want us to believe was committed by Paddock.
He is the Son of God.
A federal judge in Michigan has ordered the government to give bond hearings in preparation for releasing hundreds of illegal immigrants from Iraq into the community, saying the Constitution protects them from indefinite detention in the U.S. U.S. District Judge Mark A Goldsmith, an Obama appointee, earlier had halted deportations for nearly 300 Iraqis, saying that although they had long been ordered removed, conditions on the ground in Iraq had changed and they deserved new hearings.
Domestic abuse allegations against Keith Ellison cannot be substantiated, Dems' lawyer says
By contrast, Trump appeared to back off a military footing on Tuesday, declaring the US will stop the "war games," an apparent reference to joint military exercises with South Korea that North Korea has long rebuked as provocative.
The status quo is not acceptable in Washington, and once people truly understand how deep the corruaption runs I believe that they will get motivated to finally drain the swamp once and for all.
“Spirit’s sins” like spiritual pride and avarice and stuff, are worse than “sins of the flesh,” you know?
A lawyer hired by Minnesota Democrats says she is unable to substantiate the accusations of domestic abuse against Rep. Keith Ellison because the lawmaker’s ex-girlfriend refused to provide video of the incident - but the findings are still being turned over to law enforcement.
Air traffic control tapes on the night of the Las Vegas shooting: “There’s active shooters on the runway.
He is ordering the release of hundreds of Iraqi illegal aliens and criminal aliens, all because he wants them to have another bite at the apple--they, like the Indonesians, lost claims to political asylum years ago.
This one priest came from France.
National Security Adviser H.R.
That’s where the transcript ends according to few secret records of the CIA that were recently released by the National Archives.
Not only did the coroner drag his feet and release the autopsy reports late Wednesday, but all of the names were redacted in the reports, with no mention of ballistic data, bullet caliber, or trajectories.
He obtained an associate’s degree in criminal justice and worked as a bus driver in Alexandria, Va.
Westerville police late Saturday confirmed that the suspect is Quentin Lamar Smith.
[T]oo often your manner seems to demean the importance of Church doctrine.
And at that point, he decided to expose himself.
“Many ex-Muslims, such as Magdi Allam, are even leaving the Church, disgusted by her cowardice, wounded by equivocal gestures, confused by the lack of evangelization, scandalized by the praise given to Islam.”
For this, we were banned.
You are in danger as well.
Expelled former student Nikolas Cruz, 19, has been charged in the attack.
He justified hijacking planes, described suicide bombers as “taking the supreme sacrifice” and defended Hezbollah as “an armed-resistance movement”
The über-left pol citing the Geller-Spencer ban in the U.K. to ban Trump was inevitable.
The aides complain about reporters who they say do not respect the solemnity of the setting, even as Mr. Trump flouts many of the norms associated with his office.
Or rather, "Two illegal aliens caught smuggling less glamorous illegal aliens."
But newly released search warrant records filed last fall by the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department say Haig "may have conspired with Stephen Paddock to commit murder with a deadly weapon."
They get the body out of Parkland by force, in violation of Texas law, and put it in the hands of the military in Maryland, which conducts a secret fraudulent and bogus autopsy.
While there are still other problems as well, such as gas stations being slow to reopen, and roads getting badly damaged, the power grid’s utter annihilation in the category 4 winds is not just a temporary inconvenience.
At the time, Hillary Clinton was serving as secretary of State on the government panel that approved the deal, the lawyer said.
Weinandy: “I could hardly believe that this just happened in a matter of a few minutes.
Such being the case, the mainstream media, deferring to the CIA, automatically concludes that its wish to continue keeping secret has to be based on “national security” grounds rather than an attempt by the CIA to continue its cover-up of its assassination of the president.
(The Dutch media now claim that one of them doesn’t depict Muslim migrants being violent, as was claimed.
The audio, released on the SoundCloud account of a local news reporter, is an almost three hour recording of transmissions between dispatch and units on the ground amid the confusion of the mass shooting that at one point details a report that a wife of a firefighter was actually pinned down in the Foundation Room bar on top of the Mandalay Hotel.
Some rescripts concern the granting of favors; others the administration of justice, e.g.
Newly Released Private Surveillance Footage From The Las Vegas Massacre Shows “Helicopter Hovering Overhead” During The Attack
Recall that this was the very first airplane interview, on the trip back to Rome from World Youth Day in Rio, a matter of weeks after his election.
I can only ask that you to study the matter more carefully with an open heart and mind.
On that score, the Steinle family and other relatives of murder victims have room for reasonable doubt.
Obama’s near messianic zealotry in his interactions with the mullahs severely compromised America’s national security and weakened its image on the international stage.
-Article 2, Section 4 of the US Constitution
I mean there’s over 5,000 documents which include emails, briefs, other documentation, memorandums that the informant had turned over to the FBI and Justice Department, and within these documents, it’s very evident of Russia’s intention to enter the American market, energy market.
It absolutely would have made a difference.”
Our goals: Guarantee al-Qaida and ISIS do not return and set up sanctuary; cope with rising Iranian influence in Damascus; and pursue the removal of Bashar Assad's ruthless regime.
Ohajacao-Ramos remained in ICE custody since his May arrest.
His reforms specifically included bishops who had refused to act against priest-abusers.
Orban specifically targeted Germany and Chancellor Angela Merkel’s ‘open-door’ policy towards asylum seekers.
“Madagascar, typically like many African countries, doesn’t have many doctors.
The pro-Islam speech of Your Holiness leads us to deplore the fact that Muslims are not invited to leave Islam, and that many ex-Muslims, such as Magdi Allam, are even leaving the Church, disgusted by her cowardice, wounded by equivocal gestures, confused by the lack of evangelization, scandalized by the praise given to Islam … Thus ignorant souls are misled…
In 1975, when Elijah Muhammad died, the Nation split into two factions.
Open Hillel seeks to "open" the campus group to BDS and other anti-Israel views.
It is also important to keep in mind that there is footage of a still unidentified team loading up gear in a helicopter near the scene of the attack.
Trump knew that he had the CIA over a barrel.
London Borough With Highest Percentage Of Muslims In UK Votes To Ban Trump From Entering
It is time to drain the swamp, and this would be a really good place to start.
“I could see on it he had written the distance, the elevation he was on, the drop of what his bullet was gonna be for the crowd,” said Officer Dave Newton from the Las Vegas Police in a preview clip of Sunday’s report.
It's unclear whether Haig is still a person of interest, but he was the only one mentioned by name in the search warrant, other than Marilou Danley - Paddock's girlfriend.
"I sold him 600 rounds of .308 tracer, surplus U.S. military.
“Argentine Victims Who Tried to Meet with Pope Francis…”
A treasure trove, that is huge.
Third – throw ’em off a cliff.
[Judge Orders Potential Release Of Hundreds Of Illegals From Iraq, by Stephen Dinan, Washington Times, January 3, 2018]
The photographer, Askia Muhammad, told the Trice Edney News Wire that he “gave the picture up at the time and basically swore secrecy.” “But after the nomination was secured and all the way up until the inauguration; then for eight years after he was President, it was kept under cover,” Muhammad said.
That burning question has bothered many since the release of his name, but there’s been no photograph of this alleged hero, even though we’ve already seen crime scene images of the guns Stephen Paddock allegedly dragged up to his 32nd-floor hotel room.
He has previously said he opposes US President Donald Trump's call to arm teachers.
Those changes can affect weather, though forecasting specific differences has proven difficult.
The Plague Is AIRBORNE And It’s Spreading Because People Are Literally ‘Dancing With Corpses’
And I’ve never caught the plague,” she told the AFP.
SARAH CARTER, CIRCA NEWS: It is Sean.
Al Franken Is Just The Beginning As The Curtain Is Pulled Back In Washington DC
Here we go again.
The kids aren’t forced to be there.”
Thus, the publisher itself carefully distinguished the authentic prophecies of Saint Francis from what might be apocryphal.
At any rate, the “brother and sister” approach to the situation, which is that of Familiaris consortio 84, is certainly not the one advocated by Francis.
“The court correctly recognized the presumption of public access to records, even when a mass tragedy occurs,” McLetchie added.
By publication in the Acta Apostolicae Sedis (AAS), Francis has officially declared that the “authentic Magisterium” includes the guidelines of the bishops of Buenos Aires for the implementation of Chapter 8 of Amoris Laetitia (AL), which he expressly approved in his letter to them as the only correct interpretation of his will.
This is all about to get very ugly.
Intelligence agencies were scrambling Tuesday to comply with a sweeping order by President Trump to declassify key documents that could shed light on the origins of the Russia collusion probe that has hamstrung the administration for more than 18 months.
The informant – outed as energy consultant William Campbell – was “threatened” by Obama admin AG Loretta Lynch to keep quiet with an iron-clad gag order, according to his attorney – former Reagan Justice Dept.
An assassination of the president by the Soviet Union and Cuba is obviously an act of war.
This quotation appears in Works of the Seraphic Father, St. Francis of Assisi, published in 1882 by the London-based Catholic publishing house R. Washbourne, 1882, pp.
A 46-year-old previously deported Mexican man was arrested Jan. 7 in Chicago.
The bullets in the cartridges were armor-piercing, with an incendiary capsule in the nose, the complaint says.
Indeed, both of these are true.
Iran is flush with cash, thanks to the JCPOA.
He called it an "illusion" and said that Christian and Muslim societies “will never unite.”
His presence on the boards of both organizations constitutes an obscene travesty.
She asked: ‘Why are not the victims’ testimonies proof for you?
America's Immigration Voice.
But despite the pope’s claim, the charges against Barros are serious and have been deemed credible by a judge.
An unnamed former Democratic congressional aide told Politico that the senator tried to forcibly kiss her after he taped a radio show in 2006.
HANNITY: Breaking news tonight, the Hills John Solomon, investigative reporter Sara Carter, they released bombshell reports equally tonight.
A Vatican investigation found Karadima guilty in 2011 and sentenced him to a life of seclusion in a monastery for “penitence and prayer.” Note that date; 2011 was when the processes for investigating and trying priest-abusers, put in place by the former Cardinal Ratzinger, were still in effect, and while he was still sitting on the Petrine throne.
The Missionary Benedictines in Uznach belong to the Benedictine Congregation of St. Ottilien near Munich, with branches in Europe, East, West and South Africa, South America, Cuba and the USA, India, Korea, China, Kazakhstan and the Philippines.
As soon as Oswald is assassinated, the FBI orders Wade to turn over all his investigative files to the FBI.
Either you stand with BDS, Hamas, blood libels and those who want to destroy Israel or with Jews.
And all they say is “Obedience, obedience, obedience.”
There is definitely footage.
It is not useful to say Mass for the dead?
If Islam is a good religion in itself, as you seem to teach, why did we become Catholic?
The new nominees of bishops and many auxiliary bishops are, approximately, communist, Marxist, and socialist.
Article posted with permission from The Daily Caller News Foundation
Francis, however, has purported to do nothing less invent exceptions to divine law that oppose the doctrine of the Church.
But after all, what could be more boring than a story than involves a Presidential candidate, the Syrian Christian crook who helped him buy his house, the Nation of Islam, and the most famous boxer of all time?
Marriage is a public state in the Church, and the judgment regarding an accusation of nullity of marriage must be made in accord with the long practice of the Church.
No Pope before him has ever dared to do such a thing.
The amended complaint, Elliott said, seeks to prevent the school system from “organizing, administering, or otherwise endorsing Bible classes for Mercer County Schools’ students in grades kindergarten through eighth grade.”
His exoneration is a complete travesty of justice.
They are a perfect match for each other.
It was directional.
Police didn’t arrive for two additional minutes after the shooting stopped – which is a full 18 minutes from the moment Campos was initially hit.
President Trump insisted on significant improvements to the Joint Plan of Comprehensive Action (JCPOA), as the deal is formally known.
It is possible, but we do not know.
Iran must be judged in totality of its aggressive, destabilizing, and unlawful behavior.
Marburg virus disease (MVD), which causes severe viral hemorrhagic fever, ranks among the most virulent pathogens known to infect humans, according to the World Health Organization.
Of course, this sort of behavior is not just limited to members of Congress.
Why, just look at how they call Julian Assange a traitor and he isn’t even an American.
“All of a sudden there was just a crescendo of screams that started behind us in the lobby,” he claimed.
Keep in mind that this lines up with other alternative media reports regarding the Oct. 1st massacre as well as hints provided in the mainstream media.
After the JCPOA was finalized in July 2015, Rhodes shamelessly denied that anytime, anywhere inspections were ever considered as part of the negotiations.
"How can the autopsy report not be ‘finalized’ when the body was cremated more than five weeks ago?
See all of the best photos of the week in these slideshows
Do not your words question the soundness of the choice we made at the risk of our lives?
Democratic Illinois Rep. Danny Davis defended Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan as an “outstanding human being” on Monday.
The tree is speaking to the man in Arabic, saying “Oh Muslim!
If our leaders were serious about stopping this from happening, they would pass a law making it mandatory that all cases of sexual harassment in Congress be made public, and that members of Congress would be personally responsible for paying out any settlements.
We planned to bring the Stars and Stripes, as well as British and Danish flags, and participate in Armed Forces Day memorial commemorations at the Royal Artillery Barracks in Woolwich, where Rigby served.
In any case, note well: the letter to me from the UK Home Office said that I was banned for saying that “[Islam] is a religion and is a belief system that mandates warfare against unbelievers…”
Because that could be too polarizing.
We will soon know if the Cardinal can be bought so easily.
But, now, with my position against the Council and the reforms, he says: “No, impossible!
The media is very interested in racism.
Seller's reaction to massacre: 'Revulsion'
Why do they come to this seminary when they know we are in difficulties with Rome?
As Mr. Matt said, the crisis in the Church is very extraordinary.
And while Orban is right that these are 'economic migrants,' they are also 'Muslim invaders.'"
Two county residents with school-age children argue in a lawsuit that the program violates the establishment clause of the First Amendment and the West Virginia constitution.
He was not immediately available for comment.
Hide Caption 22 of 30 Photos: Mass shooting at Las Vegas music festival A police officer takes position behind a truck.
Police have said it was difficult to identify the source of the bullets during the attack, and the confusion added more minutes to their lengthy response.
Three years prior to that report, there was a video report that seems to have provided a bit of evidence to the claim that Islamists were crossing our southern border.
“This in no way is a rejection of the persons seeking such a blessing, but rather a refusal to ignore what we know to be true about the nature of marriage, the family, and the dignity of human sexuality,” he explained.
They’re neither “far-right” nor “Islamophobic”; they’re just factual.
The complaint also does not say whether Paddock fired any of the ammunition that he bought from Haig.
Both letters gave examples of anti-Muslim views stated by both and went on to say that should they be allowed to enter the UK the home secretary believes they would "continue to espouse such views".
“That was about 11:20 when we heard the shots and the screams… at that point you could hear and see the screams and see hundreds of people coming towards us.”
The Justice Department said Khweis left the U.S. in 2015 and eventually crossed into Syria through Turkey late that year.
They avoid the absolutely necessary direct and public exposure of error at its source.
Despite his claims that he punishes the guilty, it was in fact Francis who reversed the previous, Benedict-era sentence against the notorious Italian priest-pederast Mario Inzoli at the request of the now-equally notorious Cardinal Coccopalmerio.
Confirmed: Authorities LIED About Las Vegas Shooter’s Hotel Check-In Date – What Else Are They Hiding?
Schneider said greater public support of the document from the world’s 5,000 bishops would be “a stronger voice for professing the constant truths of the Church, and it would be a beautiful common voice defending the sanctity and the indissolubility of marriage in the midst of a real neo-pagan society where divorce has become a plague and where sexual depravity is increasingly spreading.”
Prosecutors, who pushed for 35 years in prison, accused Khweis of lying repeatedly over the last 15 months of the trial.
58 dead, hundreds wounded, the savagery of the Vegas attack is unspeakable, and still the incompetent, clueless authorities know nothing.
It was a hot item anyway at the time.
However, even as Haley opened her mouth, many commentators could already identify a number of issues with her speech.
But that was then, this is now.
"The document is very good and completely explains the meaning of chapter VIII of Amoris Laetitia.
“If BDS is not anti-Semitic, why did a BDS-led campaign name and shame me for my affiliation with a Jewish organization, and call on students to remove me from student government for this reason?” wrote Lew.
“Every other night at the concert, everybody kinda exited right off Las Vegas Blvd, that was standard, that was routine, you get out of the concert and you go down to the next casino,” he continued.
Mr. Trump made clear last week that he would introduce “regulations” after a federal judge criticized the White House for stripping Mr. Acosta’s credentials without due process or a coherent rationale.
Senior members of the FBI, Department of Treasury, Department of Energy and Department of Justice were also briefed on Campbell’s information and were apprised of the various facets pertaining to Russia’s acquisition of the Canadian company.
Mr. Garcia Zarate had been homeless at the time of the shooting and had multiple felony convictions and five prior deportations to Mexico.
The deadly plague outbreak that has struck Madagascar’s major cities has yet to “peak” and that could make the spread of this infection into the surrounding regions more likely.
He added: "We condemn all those whose behaviours and views run counter to our shared values and will not stand for extremism in any form."
Trump himself said it best, tweeting yesterday evening:”.
Seventeen people were killed at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, on 14 February.
She pays an out-of-state fee of several hundred dollars, but she no longer worries about her child being taunted.
All of the above testifies to hatred and intolerance, but it is even more disturbing given the fact that Zakkout sits on the boards of two anti-crime organizations: Crime Stoppers of Miami-Dade County and Citizens’ Crime Watch of Miami-Dade County.
In a statement following that accusation, Franken's office said he has not "intentionally engage in" the "kind of conduct" described.
I sold him 120 rounds of .556 tracer, again, surplus U.S. military," Haig said to ABC15.
Millions of residents still don’t have access to electricity or proper health care, and bacteria in the water have exposed many people to disease.
During that time, the team hopes to gather data about charged particles around the moon and the small "moonquakes" that ripple through its surface.
When Western historians look back at the 21st century, the Geller-Spencer ban in the U.K. will be viewed as one of that once great nation’s darkest moments and a low point for freedom.
I shouldn’t have done it.”
However, the neighbor’s claims are certain to attract more attention given that no specific motive has yet to be uncovered for the shooting.
Despite the fact that Hezbollah has American blood on its hands, the U.S.-led coalition has chosen not to do anything about Hezbollah’s presence in Syria, bought and paid for by Iran.
Geneva - The World Health Organisation chief on Wednesday said a deadly plague epidemic appeared to have been brought under control in Madagascar, but warned the next outbreak would likely be stronger.
Symptoms of the plague include a very high fever, coughing (potentially coughing up blood), and headaches.
The pope told the women, “The Church has lost its freedom, letting its head fill with politicians and accusing a bishop without having any proof, after twenty years of service, so think with your head.” He warned them not to allow themselves to be led by “leftists who have set up this thing.”
Leeann Tweeden, a radio news anchor, says Franken groped and forcibly kissed her during a USO tour in 2006, before the former comedian was a senator.
This address also makes it absolutely clear that everything Archbishop Lefebvre did was part of an eleventh-hour defence of the Kingship of Christ (ignored completely by the Second Vatican Council) and a desperate last stand for Tradition, the infallible teachings of Mother Church and of course her ancient liturgy.
The story concerns Ashley Arnold, a 27-year-old working on an online sociology degree.
The Left’s New Plan to Gut Religious-Liberty Protections
I do not say that all [Novus Ordo] Masses are invalid.
• 600 rounds of 7.62mm NATO, M62, tracer ammunition, manufactured by the Lake City Army Ammunition Plant in Independence, Missouri.
As a result, many of the faithful, who embody the "sensus fidelium," are losing confidence in their supreme shepherd.
Will this sop buy Burke’s silence, staving off the feared public correction?
And once the CIA gives Trump what he wants, he will cave and give the CIA the continued secrecy it so desperately needs.
It's unclear why, but court documents say Patel told taxi drivers and others in Jordan that he supported the Islamic State.
It gets better.
"The Kate Steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected Obama border, always committing crimes and being violent, and yet this info was not used in court.
Franken called the allegation "categorically not true."
Since Oct. 1, 2009, ERO has removed more than 1,700 foreign fugitives from the United States who were sought in their native countries for serious crimes, including kidnapping, rape and murder.
What should we do?
Mr Scott has not yet said he will back it, telling reporters he would "review the bill line by line" and consult victims' families.
Evidently, they do think we are fools or willing to play the fool in exchange for the benefits of respectable conformity in the midst of an unparalleled debacle for the Church.
In a Friday morning news conference before his arrest, Haig, responding to the documents' release, said he sold tracer ammunition to Paddock at his home in September after they met at a gun show.
And Saris is not the only kritarch that thinks they run immigration policy--Mark Goldsmith thinks he runs immigration policy as well.
So flipping outraged by this unjustice!
Solomon reporting according to the memos obtained, the FBI informant that now has had his NDA lifted at the center of this case gathered years and years of evidence of Russia’s plot to control U.S. Nuclear fuel, which included the uranium one deal.
It seems the shine is coming off the papal penny among leftist secular journalists, his natural constituency.
Now he's whining that boycotting his play is a violation of Jewishness because Jews are a "people of dissent and argument."
Trump tweet sent on Saturday, October 21: “Subject to the receipt of further information, I will be allowing, as President, the long blocked and classified JFK FILES to be opened.” Trump tweet sent on Wednesday, October 25: “The long anticipated release of the #JFKFiles will take place tomorrow.
© Press Release The historic photograph taken by the New Horizons spacecraft.
Just out of hospital, I was in no shape to compete with the great Economist or its very witty headline writers But after watching a week of post Singapore summit between Great White Father Trump and delinquent Kim Jong-un I must totally agree with the Economist
Faggioli fretted that “[t]he abuse scandal and delegitimization of the episcopate has created a great power vacuum in the Church” that could be filled by the “neo-traditionalist Catholicism of the younger generations of American Catholics” who “attack American bishops and cardinals close to Pope Francis ” Accordingly, he rushed to the defense of Bergoglio and his corrupt regime against “a radicalization of religious conservatism in the neo-traditionalism sense
That did not hinder other outlets to add to its smear Politico allowed "a former CIA officer," writing under a pen name, to suggest - without any evidence - that the Guardian has been duped - not by its MI5/6 and Ecuadorian spy sources, but by Russian disinformation:
The Democrats are criminal, treasonous and sleazy They gave this jihadi unfettered access to national security secrets
We're all sinners, of course--- and the Church already accepts repentant homosexuals as they are, just as she accepts repentant practitioners of ANY sins of the flesh So why are our bishops playing dumb?
What was the GOP establishment's reply to the opposition to amnesty for illegals and calls for a moratorium on legal immigration, to assimilate the tens of millions already here? To call them nativists and parade their moral superiority
The pope told the women, “The Church has lost its freedom, letting its head fill with politicians and accusing a bishop without having any proof, after twenty years of service, so think with your head ” He warned them not to allow themselves to be led by “leftists who have set up this thing
7%, while the number of unemployed immigrants fell 129,000—down by 11% ADVANTAGE AMERICANS
” Are these really the values the US should be promoting?
When 'western' intelligence get caught in spreading disinformation, they accuse Russia of being the source of the fake Unfortunately no western main stream media can any longer be trusted to publish the truth
“In the coming days, we will be filing a major federal lawsuit against the state of Georgia for the gross mismanagement of this election and to protect future elections from unconstitutional actions,” Abrams said, though she gave no details In the coming days, we will be filing a major federal lawsuit against the state of Georgia for the gross mismanagement of this election and to protect future elections from unconstitutional actions
The witch-hunt included voices who described themselves as on the left and as feminist They willfully ignored the evidence of extreme danger should Assange be extradited to the United States
Murdering infidels thus doesn’t contradict the spirit of Ramadan; it embodies it The Kavkaz Center, a website operated by Chechen jihadists, explained in a 2010 article that the idea of Ramadan as a time for warfare against infidels went back to Muhammad’s time: “The month of Ramadan in the life of the Prophet (pbuh) and the righteous ancestors was a month of forthcoming
The operation is going to be carefully planned and executed But no plan is perfect
The President of AMANA, Sofian Zakkout, has referred to Duke as “David Duke, a man to believe in!” By inviting people like Shafayat Mohamed, an avowed enemy of the gay community, and Wilfredo Ruiz, whose group promotes white supremacists, to participate in its functions, the Democratic Party has effectively revealed its disregard for the concerns of those it disingenuously claims to advocate for and protect
Today, Saudi Arabia is using these weapons to crush starving and stricken people in a genocidal assault on Yemen Sarah Ferguson, a highly paid reporter, raised not a word of this with Hillary Clinton sitting in front of her
Some days later, the Las Vegas police backed away from that timeline, and stated that the security guard actually arrived 6 minutes before Paddock started shooting into the crowd 32 stories below him That raised a number of question, including why no one called 911 after what must have been a loud volley of shots in a hotel hallway
Mike Pompeo, Director of the CIA, will become our new Secretary of State He will do a fantastic job!
The book is “The Meaning of THE HOLY QUR’AN,” a version of the Quran that was banned by the Los Angeles public school system, in February 2002, for containing numerous anti-Semitic commentaries In it, Jews are described as: “arrogant,” “jealous,” “selfish,” “spiteful,” “greedy,” “cursed,” “apes and swine,” and “under divine displeasure
” His Twitter thread begins here: Somehow the openly racist and anti-Semitic Farrakhan and his hateful organization have managed for decades to avoid being harshly denounced as such by the news media, which instead has spent the last two years attempting to smear Donald Trump as the new Hitler
Because sharia trumps dead children, school shooting training, kidnapping and jihad training The children discovered at an “extremist Muslim” compound in New Mexico earlier this month were both trained to use firearms and taught multiple tactical techniques in order to kill teachers, law enforcement and other institution…
If you know what’s good for you, keep your mouth shut ” This is how abusers talk
This is outrageous! A great injustice has been done
Trump expresses sympathy for Reality Winner, whose mom asks for pardon ATLANTA — The record-setting prison  given to Reality Winner has caught the attention of President Donald Trump, who used it to take another dig at Attorney General Jeff Sessions
Trump is in the driver’s seat because the CIA cannot afford to permit the American people to see the records it wants to continue to be kept secret And once the CIA gives Trump what he wants, he will cave and give the CIA the continued secrecy it so desperately needs
Texas: Cop Walks Into Home She Thought Was Hers, Kills Innocent Homeowner—Not Arrested Dallas, TX — Highlighting the sheer insane state of law enforcement in America today is a tragic story out of Dallas this week
Orban's border wall virtually eliminated illegal immigration Orban is openly Christian and seems to understand something that many do not and that is you do not allow a wholesale flood of antichrists to pour into your country
In the early twelfth century, the Fatimid caliph Al-Amir bi-Ahkamillah issued this edict: Now, the prior degradation of the infidels in this world before the life to come—where it is their lot—is considered an act of piety; and the imposition of their poll tax [jizya], “until they pay the tribute out of hand and have been humbled” (Koran 9:29) is a divinely ordained obligation…
Indeed In 2015, students at Spring Hill Middle School in Spring Hill, Tennessee were forced as part of an assignment to write, “There is no god but Allah; Muhammad is his prophet
There is no longer any line that it does not dare to cross Unfortunately other 'western' media are not much better
The silence of what used to be the noble profession of journalism is deafening John Pilger — one of the few journalists to speak out on Julian Assange’s behalf, labels journalists who fail to stand in solidarity with Assange in exposing the behavior of the Establishment, “Vichy journalists — after the Vichy government that served ad enabled the German occupation of France
Why?" “Why is it so easy, Theresa May, to jail Tommy Robinson, but so difficult to do anything at all about the monstrous crimes committed in the name of Islam all over this country every day?
 employment rose steadily, albeit erratically, throughout the Obama years It fell sharply in the months after the 2016 election, but roared back to Obama-era levels in the spring
8-9) The signatories go on to give voice to the utter scandal of the pope’s failure to carry out his evangelical mission as the Vicar of Christ to call home the members of the Islamic faith:
Other Presidents have been incompetent, corrupt, dishonest, but which has committed treason on a scale to rival the treason of Barack Obama? The Iranians also operate a global network of jihad terror organizations, one of which, Hizballah, is quite active in Mexico now, with the obvious ultimate intention of crossing the border and committing jihad massacres of Americans
Therefore it is not permissible to call those who hold it is, immoral heretics To approach this as a dogmatic teaching is imprudent
 Ilhan Omar (D), who’s currently running for the state’s 5th Congressional District seat, sent out the following tweet: Israel has hypnotized the world, may Allah awaken the people and help them see the evil doings of Israel
It is also important to note that Paddock’s brother Eric has conducted a series of bizarre interviews that have led to even more questions about what actually happened in Las Vegas and what Paddock’s role was in the worst mass shooting in American history Confirmed: Authorities LIED About Las Vegas Shooter’s Hotel Check-In Date – What Else Are They Hiding?
 Adam Schiff, D-Calif , are blasting the declassification order as a “clear abuse of power
But Francis, as any reasonable observer can see, has no intention of offering any such correction Quite to the contrary, confusion as a cover for the introduction of Holy Communion for “certain” public adulterers by Bergoglio’s co-conspirators in the Vatican and various dioceses is exactly what he was aiming to achieve from the beginning of the whole synodal charade, which was merely a vehicle for promulgation of AL
 Barbe, MD, MHA “In emergency rooms across the country, the carnage of gun violence has become a too routine experience
(To learn why David Horowitz is one of the central targets of the Left, make sure to watch this video) Thus, we clearly gauge that there is no disgusting and venomous level to which the Left will not stoop in its destructive agenda
“His testimony was powerful, honest, and riveting Democrats’ search and destroy strategy is disgraceful and this process has been a total sham and effort to delay, obstruct, and resist
So he was being left, not left of center… For the primary Now [in the general] he’s going back to left of center
22), and one of the most dangerous because it presents itself as the fulfillment of Revelation (of which Jesus would have been only a prophet) If Islam is a good religion in itself, as you seem to teach, why did we become Catholic?
S  regime-change operation was one of the most ingenious and cunning plots ever designed
A massive transformation of consciousness has taken place and it seems that a global mass is growing closer to a critical mass The censorship of independent media is irrelevant in a sense, because the shift will continue to happen, change will continue to happen, and information that the deep state does not want the public to become aware of will keep making its way into transparency
Gun control is the dream of every wannabe statist dictator and naive do-gooder alike The latter think that removing guns will suddenly force humanity to stop all animosity toward one another, hold hands, and sing Kumbaya
Remember, whether you like Judge Kavanaugh or not, this has been nothing but a political hit President Trump Orders FBI Investigation Into Kavanaugh Following Democrat Temper Tantrum
Don't "Blame The Police Officer" Who Admitted Killing Botham Jean? Dallas, TX — In a repugnant and outright disrespectful move, Texas Senator Ted Cruz went to bat for Amber Guyger, the cop who admitted to taking the life of the innocent 26-year-old pillar of society, Botham Jean
A West Virginia school has come under fire for instructing junior high students to write the Islamic profession of faith ostensibly to practice calligraphy Rich Penkoski, a Christian parent and founder of online ministry Warriors for Christ, raised alarms over a packet on Islam his daughter’s seventh grade social studies teacher issued to students, according to Christian Post
One of the biggest stories of 2017 and 2018 is being ignored by the mainstream media and we all know why that is It's because it implicates dozens of House Democrats in what could be the biggest crime of spying in US history by Muslim IT spy Imran Awan and his partners
Manafort was found guilty not of Russiagate, but of income tax evasion and misrepresenting his financial position on a loan application We do not know if Manafort is guilty or is simply a victim of Mueller’s frameup and an incompetent jury
This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further Bob Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 Angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to USA!
“The only food We saw were a few potatoes and a box of rice in the filthy trailer,” said Hogrefe “But what was most surprising, and heartbreaking was when the team located a total of five adults and 11 children that looked like third world country refugees not only with no food or fresh water, but with no shoes, personal hygiene and basically dirty rags for clothing
 124) Wills never mentions Qur’an 9:29, which commands Muslims to wage war against Jews and Christians and subjugate them as inferiors under the rule of Sharia
What is new is the seeming acceptance of sin by some in the Church, and the apparent efforts to cover over sin by them and others Unless and until we take seriously our call to sanctity, we, as an institution and as individuals, will continue to suffer the “wages of sin
Disgusting that she continues to move and speak freely in this country with no justice being brought to bear on her for her many crimes, something we were promised from then-candidate Trump Hillary Cracks Racist Joke After Mixing Up Cory Booker & Eric Holder: "They All Look The Same"
Its attitude was very much and deliberately optimistic A wave of affection and admiration flowed from the council over the modern world of humanity…
There is nothing about these stories that is okay These actions, committed by more than a few, can only be classified as evil, evil that cries out for justice and sin that must be cast out from our Church
The Senate's own rules prohibit this kind of behavior, but will the Senate hold these women to the standard they've set? “This is a clear violation of the Senate Ethics rules which safeguard against the appearance or actuality of elected officials ‘cashing in’ on their official position for political purposes,” said Kendra Arnold, executive director of FACT
The newest warning about the outbreak of the airborne pneumonic plague, or black death, in Madagascar has been released Officials warn that it’s inevitable that this bacterial infection that’s infected over 2000 people will become resistant to antibiotics
“God, I hope you never get it I hope the American people can see through this sham
The alternative media purge is just the beginning And we should all be very concerned
We will soon know if the Cardinal can be bought so easily But this move demonstrates—if more evidence were needed—that Bergoglio has never been the humble apostle of mercy depicted in his carefully crafted public relations narrative, but rather a cunning ecclesiastical politician, constantly plotting and scheming to get what he wants
More than 500 injured And yet, nearly a month after the Las Vegas Strip experienced the worst mass shooting in modern American history, local and federal authorities are refusing to fill in the blanks
The dhimmi’s payment of his dues by a bill drawn on a Muslim, or by delegating a real believer to pay it in his name will not be tolerated It must be exacted from him directly in order to vilify and humiliate him, so that Islam and its people may be exalted and the race of infidels brought low
We’ll have rules of decorum, you know you can’t keep asking questions We had a lot of reporters in that room, many many reporters in that room and they were unable to ask questions because this guy gets up and starts, you know, doing what he’s supposed to be doing for him and for CNN and you know just shouting out questions and making statements, too
Trump criticized how the FBI handled the Russia probe, accusing it of misleading the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) court, and of spying on his campaign “They know this is one of the great scandals in the history of our country because basically what they did is, they used [former Trump campaign aide] Carter Page, who nobody even knew, who I feel very badly for, I think he’s been treated very badly
New Horizons was even further away from Earth than the Voyager 1 space probe when it turned towards the Earth on 14 February 1990 and took a picture of a tiny dot In 1994, US astronomer Carl Sagan reflected on the significance of the photograph to an audience at Cornell University, famously coining its name as the "Pale Blue Dot", and giving one of the most widely published speeches of all time
And what of the infamous Instrumentum Laboris, drafted by the crafty Cardinal Baldisseri, Secretary General of the Synod of Bishops, noteworthy of the infamous First Synod on the Family? Known for his manipulative polls and magical modernistic results, Baldisseri infamously stated that “dogma has its own evolution
He was back in the news in 1995 when he organized what became known as the “Million Man March,” a political and religious revival event in Washington Why were Tamika Mallory and Danny Davis reluctant to denounce him?
Another student told my daughter that she and the first student and her adult friends are going to kill me and carve a satanic star in my chest and rip out my organs They then threatened to hang my 3-year-old and 1-year-old and kidnap my 14-year-old
Then they were dropped The authorities allowed him to commit the crime
 John Paul II left us as an inheritance:Do not be afraid! Do not be afraid!
Why would he choose to walk away knowing that his task was not completed? At the time and since then, particularly in light of what has been happening, it seems one of the most bizarre aspects of this whole bizarre situation that the reasons offered have been so trivial, so inappropriately, so disproportionately petty
If, as he now continues to state, he knew nothing of the abuses committed by McCarrick and the measures taken by Pope Benedict, how can his answer be explained? His recent statements that he knew nothing about it, even though at first he cunningly referred to compensation for the two victims, are absolutely laughable
And neither can God's law be changed to accommodate the spirit of our “most enlightened” age---which is, of course, an evil spirit that can be driven out only by prayer and fasting Until the Church and her bishops get back to reaffirming traditional Catholic teaching on human sexuality we can forget about seeing an end to the sexual abuse crisis and the massive problem of homosexuality in the clergy
And, shown above, this trend accelerated significantly in the months leading up to the election While May was a welcome respite, Trump supporters have reason to complain: Since taking office in January 2017 President Trump has presided over a labor market in which immigrants have gained 1
As Disobediant Media notes (emphasis in the original): While most readers with functional critical thinking capacity may readily dismiss the Guardian’s smear on its face, the fact that the Guardian published this piece, and that Luke Harding is still operating with even the tiniest modicum of respect as a journalist despite his history of deceit, tells us something bone-chilling about journalism
Once again this year we see that Ramadan is quintessentially the month of jihad A jihad group explained it back in 2012: “The month of Ramadan is a month of holy war and death for Allah
6% ADVANTAGE IMMIGRANTS
However, at least in the case of Ellison, at least one of the women were not scared about their reputation and had any political motive to call the police and file a report When it comes to Ellison though, we know he is an effeminate pansy who simply does not want to answer to the American people and even seeks security to hide from a female report with a mic and a camera
) echoed Ford’s demand The demand for an FBI probe is “utter nonsense,” former U
Instead, Trump fell in with anti-Second Amendment liberals and started calling for more gun control, adding “mental health” restrictions to gun purchases and making his stupid Stalinist statements about taking guns first and worrying about due process later As a result, anti-gun liberals all over the country are using Trump’s own words and proposed gun control policies as a rallying cry to enact gun confiscation laws
Well, the questions are obviously rhetorical We know why
S  District Court Judge Timothy Kelly, a Trump appointee, said the White House had violated Acosta’s Fifth Amendment right to due process by suspending his press badge without explanation or a chance for CNN to appeal the decision
Since Donald Trump mentioned the case, former vice-presidential candidate Matt Gonzalez had to establish the complete innocence of the shooter That explains the effort of “The Great Left Hope” to have his client’s felony gun possession conviction tossed
“Why is it so easy for judges to make rulings that allow known terrorists and jihadists to stay in our country? Why is the British government allowing ISIS fighters to return from Syria and threaten our safety?
As Dreher reported, When predatory gay priests run seminaries, they select on a bias for gay candidates
The video evidence confirms that Gillum is lying to Florida voters Will there be wall-to-wall coverage in the media eviscerating Gilllum for making promises he can’t keep?
‘Russian Collusion with the Trump Campaign, one of the most successful in history, is a TOTAL HOAX,’ he wrote ‘The Democrats paid for the phony and discredited Dossier which was, along with Comey, McCabe, Strzok and his lover, the lovely Lisa Page, used to begin the Witch Hunt
As long as Dwight and Steven Hammond remain in jail for what is obviously a gross miscarriage of justice, this matter remains a blight on the federal regulatory agencies and the criminal justice system Rural communities of the West are greatly appreciative of the efforts of the Trump administration to restore the economies of these communities
“We are gratified with this result and we look forward to a full resolution in the coming days,” a CNN representative said in a statement “Our sincere thanks to all who have supported not just CNN, but a free, strong and independent American press
Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller Horrifying Details Released: 2 Jihadi Muslims At Deadly NM Islamic Compound Hit With New Charges
Illegitimate I don’t know
I'm sure NewsGuard, Yemile Bucay, Anna-Sophie Harling and Amy Westfeldt need to update this in the light of the obvious lies and editing of the Acosta video and decades of documented, outright lies and propaganda by the Clown News Network, but you can't expect real transparency from an outlet like Newsguard whose writers aren't transparent about their own political bias, can you? Nope, you can't, and you can't expect it when some of those writers write for other publications that don't measure up to NewsGuard's standards either
In her email, Mario touts Google’s multi-faceted efforts to boost Hispanic turnout in the election She noticed that Latino voters did record-breaking numbers, especially in states like Florida, Nevada and Arizona — the last of which she describes as “a key state for us
It shocked me out of a kind of swamp of intellectual worldliness; presenting the idea to my thirsty mind that there could indeed be fantastic realities far more wonderful than the banal and painfully uninteresting secularist worldview I had been taught to accept It was as though someone had plausibly told me that, yes, there were fairies and magical kingdoms in real life, “just around the corner”
What kind of injustice? Tlaib, of course, had nothing to say about the genocidal incitement against Jews and Israel that regularly features on Palestinian television
 Ford, said in July (at roughly the same time as the letter was submitted) that she predicted a "strategy" forming to destroy Brett Kavanaugh She suggested a “strategy will emerge” to destroy Trump's nomination for the Supreme Court in a conference call with the American Constitution Society in July
Israel uses the same argument to justify its large nuclear arsenal After Washington overthrew the rulers of Iraq and Libya, it became painfully apparent that small nations without nuclear weapons were vulnerable to US ‘regime change’ operations
He’s also never criticized the incredibly repressive leaders of Saudi Arabia He’s never criticized the fascist president of the Philippines
As I said before, I knew I wouldn’t be believed ” Her comment came after another user pointed to comments made by Peter Daou, a Democratic strategist and former advisor to Hillary Clinton and John Kerry, who wrote in a tweet that the Kavanaugh accuser will be “attacked, smeared, and demonized” and that people must “believe women
Malcolm Turnbull can remain silent Or he can seize this opportunity and use his government’s diplomatic influence to defend the life of an Australian citizen, whose courageous public service is recognised by countless people across the world
” Now, the majority of people at the AMA probably couldn't tell you any of these devices or items if they saw them, but they are advancing an agenda
We were expected for all those years to pretend we were in the “New Springtime of Vatican II,” while we watched these wolves in shepherds’ clothing eating the sheep Now we can, at least, finally stop pretending that everything is just dandy under the New Paradigm of Merciful Conciliar Wonderfulness
How convenient, coming just 4 days before the scheduled Senate Judiciary Committee vote! The whole sequence of events surrounding how this allegation has suddenly come to light reeks of a set-up, reminiscent of how Anita Hill surfaced in a last-minute attempt to derail Justice Clarence Thomas's Supreme Court confirmation
Mike Pompeo, Director of the CIA, will become our new Secretary of State He will do a fantastic job!
As Viganò notes, it was Bergoglio who made Martin a “Consultor of the Secretariat for Communications,” even though he is a “well-known activist who promotes the LGBT agenda, chosen to corrupt the young people who will soon gather in Dublin for the World Meeting of Families…” “Father” Martin now confidently declares, sixteen years after the “pedophile summit,” that “The idea of a purge of gay priests is both ridiculous and dangerous
Boudreau’s report said the message followed the assembly vote, but in fact it was posted at the beginning of October Democratize SSMU deleted the message, which targeted Lew and two other candidates, after the meeting and apologized for publishing material that was “insensitive to anti-Semitic tropes of Jewish people as corrupt and politically powerful
For the first time since 2009, when Obama backed the murderous regime in Tehran, spurning the millions of Iranians who rose up in the Green Revolution, Trump opened up the possibility that the US may begin to base its policies toward Iran on reality Trump began his remarks by setting out Iran’s long rap sheet of aggression against America
[More] Anyhow, they have now released a different photo (above)and it is the same guy, and he is black
[6] “justice and beneficence” are considered on behalf of the community, not the patient [7] Bioethicists take it as read that in order for a life to have sufficient “quality” it must demonstrate sufficient autonomy
Or is it not so that it is both negligent and uncharitable for some bishops to refuse to inform their faithful that according to the Church's own infallible teaching, everlasting damnation is the price to be paid for this kind of inclusivity and toleration? And if the episcopal retort is going to be that this acceptance refers only to chaste homosexuals, then we call FOUL even louder since this crosses the line into willful deception
S  citizen who has committed NO CRIME is denied his Natural right of self-defense for a whole year
” Gillum campaign makes promises it knows it can’t keep
Another illegal immigrant from Mexico, previously deported in 2014 for a conviction for armed robbery, also evaded capture Sanctuary City Mayor Protected Illegal Alien Mexican Rapist
And they’re going to tell us that they just let Lee Harvey Oswald, a supposed self-avowed communist skate blissfully across the Cold War stage of history with nary any abuse or harassment at all? Don’t make me laugh
In the run-up to Francis’ visit to Ireland, the head of the Irish Catholic Church, Archbishop Eamon Martin, said he expected the pope to meet with victims of clergy sex abuse and to promise effective remedies “I’m not sure what his words will be and I’m not sure that a simple apology is what survivors of abuse want,” Martin said in a BBC interview
The truth is that the Guardian has not erred in this latest story attacking Assange, or in its much longer-running campaign to vilify him With this story, it has done what it regularly does when supposedly vital western foreign policy interests are at stake – it simply regurgitates an elite-serving, western narrative
While it earlier made attempts to balance its shoddier side with some interesting reporting, it is now solidly main stream in the worst sense It promotes neo-liberalism and a delves into cranky identity grievances stories
These are willing to live in the freest country in the world as long as it is not them that have to sacrifice to maintain it There is also a group of people out there that have to be friends with everyone (and have to apologize to any that they may have told the truth lest they should convict them unto godly repentance (2 Corinthians 7:10) as they congregate week after week deceiving themselves into believing that they are demanding a lawful change just as long as it does not offend anyone (Matthew 5:10)
Yet no two people are more responsible for the blunders of the post-Cold War era than McCain and Bush About which of half a dozen wars were they right?
Today we honor WikiLeaks, and one of its leaders, Julian Assange, for their ingenuity in creating a new highway by which important documentary evidence can make its way, quickly and confidentially, through the ether and into our in-boxes Long live the Fifth Estate!”
We must never underestimate the crippling effect of comedy on the totalitarian Mullahs of the world Indeed, the contemptuous, snickering and roaring laughter of people, as they gaze at the pathetic rules and lives of Sharia’s gatekeepers, poses a danger to tyrants like no other
So, according to Faggioli, the same Pope who sacks conservative bishops and cardinals according to his pleasure and has just removed a cardinal from the College of Cardinals in an unprecedented disciplinary act under fire from the media, is somehow powerless to dismiss Modernist bishops who have created an obscene “gay culture” in the Church and replace them with orthodox, normal heterosexual males Francis cannot “simply fire” even Cardinal Wuerl, who covered up crimes of homosexual predation by the priests he transferred elsewhere while Archbishop of Pittsburgh, and who authorized payment of $900,000 in hush money to bury sexual abuse claims against a homosexual priest involved in the production of child pornography
Orban has taken a tough stance in Hungary He has ordered all illegal Muslim invaders to get out of Hungary and never come back
I’m only 42 years old but my teachers were of that generation that marched with Martin Luther King This whole idea of a two-state solution, it doesn’t work
Hungary PM Viktor Orban Vows to “Fight Those Who Want to Change the Christian Identity of Europe” Hungary's Prime Minister Viktor Orban has been somewhat of a lone voice in Europe against the Muslim invasion, and on Wednesday he gave a "Hungary First" speech in which he declared that he would "fight those who want to change the Christian Identity of Europe
“If code is speech, the constitutional contradictions are evident,” Wilson explained to WIRED when he first launched the lawsuit in 2015 “So what if this code is a gun?”
There is no institution in America, government or private, that can be trusted Any government or person who trusts America or any Western country is stupid beyond belief
Fortier said the university’s next actions will be based on the recommendations of the Task Force on Respect and Inclusion in Campus Life, due to report in April “I would like to take this opportunity to make it clear that there is absolutely no place for anti-Semitism at McGill University and that, as principal and vice-chancellor, I will remain vigilant to ensure that all members of our community feel safe, welcomed and respected on our campuses,” she said in a statement
Other than that, they have liberals and neo-cons running rampant Many were surprised to discover that Fox News not only is supporting lying CNN and lying Jim Acosta, but they are even going so far as to file an amicus brief with the US district court over the White House's revoking of Acosta's press pass
One way or another, the Church will have to repel an attacker at her very summit Either the human element of the Church will act according to the means which seem possible, however extraordinary, or Heaven itself will intervene in a manner that might well involve a divine chastisement due to the negligence of time-serving pastors who left their sheep completely undefended against the wolves who preyed upon them, including the wolf the cardinals improvidently elected Pope
However, upon learning of his behavior the local Green Party told the media that Jimenez had been cut off from the party for his uncalled for attack on a child “We all have different opinions of our president, but we don’t take it out on innocent kids who just happen to have a hat on,” Gavino Zarate, secretary of the Harris County Green Party told Heavy
” After a monthlong backlash about that interview, largely in conservative media, Mr
 Acosta for behaving disrespectfully, although Mr  Trump often lobs insults at journalists and encourages a free-for-all format when taking questions from reporters
They filed a case in the Federal courts and were assigned to a Kritarch, Patti Saris, who apparently thinks she runs immigration policy, even after aliens have had their day in court Saris thinks she can usurp the Constitution of the United States based on her whims regarding immigration policy
” Trump was, unfortunately, following the example of his two immediate predecessors when he claimed that “Ramadan reminds us of the richness Muslims add to the religious tapestry of American life,” and was severely misleading the American people
The former Apostolic Nuncio to the United States has, as they say, doubled down Far from backing-away and making excuses for his early actions, as we’ve all become so accustomed to seeing in these rare cases where a hierarch breaks ranks, Archbishop Viganò is digging in with a 4-page bombshell that restates his initial accusations of abuse cover-up against Francis and other powerful members of the hierarchy, and even concludes with a suggestion that Francis is beginning to act as a “substitute of our Lord
And what of the training of little jihadis? Nothing!
Take notice: the future is ours and not yours We will defeat you politically, because we, my friends, we are the people
“There are two principles we need to remember,” Chaput wrote “First, we need to treat all people with the respect and pastoral concern they deserve as children of God with inherent dignity
The signatories go on to give voice to the utter scandal of the pope’s failure to carry out his evangelical mission as the Vicar of Christ to call home the members of the Islamic faith: The pro-Islam speech of Your Holiness leads us to deplore the fact that Muslims are not invited to leave Islam, and that many ex-Muslims, such as Magdi Allam, are even leaving the Church, disgusted by her cowardice, wounded by equivocal gestures, confused by the lack of evangelization, scandalized by the praise given to Islam … Thus ignorant souls are misled…
But good and evil have a supernatural ring we usually reserve for dramatic and abominable crimes, like genocide Yet everything right is good, and everything wrong is evil
Her problem though was that the law and precedent are on the side of the continued deportation of aliens Kritarch Saris has apparently seen the SCOTUS writing on the wall, and perhaps had an attack of her legal conscience and decided that she will acquiesce on the major issue, but fight on a minor issue
" "I’m just telling you I have received what I feel to be and believe to be credible evidence of a possible terrorist nexus," Perry said
 Trump’s withdrawal The head of Iran’s nuclear agency, Ali Akbar Salehi, said Tehran is prepared to dramatically increase its capacity for enrichment but that the work so far is limited to building a facility for assembling the centrifuges
With President Trump’s nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court, it was clear that anyone Trump nominated was going to be attacked In fact, the demonstrators protesting the nomination had signs for all four of the finalists and were instantly ready to oppose the president regardless of his choice
The judge ordered a media ban on his arrest and imprisonment, even forcing British publications to delete their articles about the case Such measures are common practice in North Korea and Saudi Arabia
 Ilhan Omar (D), who’s currently running for the state’s 5th Congressional District seat, sent out the following tweet: Israel has hypnotized the world, may Allah awaken the people and help them see the evil doings of Israel
World Health Chief: Global Pandemic Imminent According to a World Health Organization doctor, a global pandemic is imminent, and no one will be prepared for it when it hits
S  financial system — secretly mobilized to give Tehran access to American banks to convert the windfall of cash it received from sanctions relief under the 2015 nuclear deal into dollars, an investigative report by the Senate has revealed
The settlement was approved by a federal judge Becerra’s statement, “it needlessly endangered our children, our loved ones and our men and women in law enforcement,” is preposterous left-wing political argle-bargle
We also know that it is a conclusive fact that there was more than one shooter, according to literally dozens of eyewitnesses who have continued to come forward with what they saw that fateful night Interestingly, there are also reports that Stephen Paddock’s girlfriend actually deleted her Facebook page an hour before police released her boyfriends name
The injustice done to this man is legion, both in terms of the bogus Swedish case and now the fact that he must remain in the embassy and can’t leave without being arrested, extradited to the United States and ending up in a hell hole But it is also about freedom of speech, about our right to know, which is enshrined in the United States Constitution
Second, the Trump administration has been far tougher on Russia than President Obama ever dreamed of being The Trump administration is taking real actions designed to weaken Russia and force Putin to change his aggressive behavior
S “The heart-wrenching pain of these victims, which cries out to heaven, was long ignored, kept quiet or silenced,” Francis said in a Letter to the People of God, a rarely-issued address to the world’s 1
Western authorities should be pondering his words, and their implications, very carefully Instead, if they have taken any notice of him at all, which is unlikely, they have dismissed him as an “extremist
Things obviously went dreadfully wrong with the Mexico City operation because the investigation into it after the assassination was quickly shut down Today, it remains shrouded in mystery
“What we’ve done is a great service to the country, really,” he said “I hope to be able to call this, along with tax cuts and regulation and all the things I’ve done… in its own way this might be the most important thing because this was corrupt
It is as if a one-way moral screen has been pushed back to expose the imperialism of liberal democracies: the commitment to endless warfare … When Harold Pinter accepted the Nobel Prize for Literature in 2005, he referred to ‘a vast tapestry of lies up on which we feed ’ He asked why ‘the systematic brutality, the widespread atrocities, the ruthless suppression of independent thought’ of the Soviet Union were well known in the West while America’s imperial crimes “never happened … even while [they] were happening, they never happened
He's said it over and over! If they wanted something on the guy, why don't they bring up his involvement in the Vince Foster cover-up?
Not a single scandal to see here Not a one
Before it was the high IQ Dutch, now it's the Chinese Remember, an 87 IQ is just about retarded
 Mark Warner (D-VA), the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, said Mueller’s findings “must be provided to Congress immediately, and the Attorney General should swiftly prepare a declassified version for the public Nothing short of that will suffice
Democrats have been covering up his sexual crimes for years, and my hope is that now this will start to change Juanita Broaddrick, Kathleen Willey, Connie Hamzy, Eileen Wellstone, Sandra Allen James, Christy Zercher, Paula Jones, Monica Lewinsky, Gennifer Flowers, Elizabeth Ward Gracen, Sally Perdue, Lencola Sullivan, Susie Whitacre and Bobbie Ann William are some of the women that have made allegations against Clinton, and if even half of their allegations are true Clinton should be in prison for the rest of his life
And despite her realization that she has no authority over immigration policy, or that she will just be overruled, Saris again reaches, basing her assumption of authority over immigration based on the past Obama Regime Administrative Amnesty , when illegal aliens weren't deported Kritarch Saris is in the wrong on both counts; she has neither authority over the detention of illegal aliens nor any authority to continue the Obama Regime Administrative Amnesty
 soldiers died killing communists And they’re going to tell us that they just let Lee Harvey Oswald, a supposed self-avowed communist skate blissfully across the Cold War stage of history with nary any abuse or harassment at all?
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use “The Latest: Compound incident called anti-Muslim propaganda,” Associated Press, August 10, 2018 (thanks to the Geller Report):
Schaaf tweeted out a warning ahead of the raid in northern California last month, infuriating Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials and the Trump administration “How dare you!” Attorney General Jeff Sessions said in California this month, addressing Schaaf
We must cast out sin from our own lives and run toward holiness We must refuse to be silent in the face of sin and evil in our families and communities and we must demand from our pastors — myself included — that they themselves are striving day in and day out for holiness
But things obviously went dreadfully wrong in Mexico City, which is why the CIA had to shut down that part of the post-assassination investigation Not surprisingly, the CIA’s Mexico City operations regarding Oswald are among the 98 percent of the records that Trump and the CIA have chosen to continue keeping secret from the American people, on grounds of “national security” of course
I don’t need anyone to affirm my humanity, I affirmed it,” she wrote in another tweet “The fact that both parties only care if it scores political points is hypocritical,” she added
And, by the way, black unemployment is at a record low What started after the 2016 election as a reduction in the rate of increase in the foreign-born population of working age has turned into an outright retreat
” The San Antonio CBS affiliate reported that Spittler wrote: “His friend was wearing a patriotic hat, and this happened! It would be nice to know who he is for someone to let him know his actions are not okay!” Spittler added: “Real tough guy… approaches a group of teenagers minding their own business just having a burger!
I don't doubt it This will probably end up being another Ukraine situation, something we just don't need to be in, and yes, I know, I'll be called a liberal but honest readers who have followed me for some time know that's not the case
Why the Coordinated Alternative Media Purge Should TERRIFY Everyone: Soon Those Who Hate Freedom Will Have Unquestioned Access to the Minds of 2 Billion People Yesterday, the alternative media purge was boldly advanced in a coordinated effort to silence people who dissent from establishment views
New Strzok-Page texts reveal “Media Leak Strategy ” @FoxNews So terrible, and NOTHING is being done at DOJ or FBI – but the world is watching, and they get it completely
" Again Fox adds, "The imam's mosque has attracted a number of radicals over the years, including a man who later helped bomb the World Trade Center in 1993
Francis has proclaimedpreposterously that “authentic Islam and the proper reading of the Koran are opposed to every form of violence ” Wills’ book accords well with the present-day Catholic Church’s head-in-the-sand posture toward Qur’an-based Islamic jihad violence and the Muslim persecution of the ancient Christian communities of the Middle East
" Mosque spokesman Ali Abdul-Karim Judan claims that the narrative is being changed because Muslims are involved and that this was nothing more than a "domestic situation
While Muslims need the Gospel for sure, one cannot allow such an influx into the country, or all you are asking for is the judgments God warned about in Deuteronomy 28 I say, well done Mr
She also pointed to what she called the Iranian regime’s “most threatening act” – its launch of ballistic missiles capable of carrying nuclear weapons “When a rogue regime starts down the path of ballistic missiles, it tells us that we will soon have another North Korea on our hands,” Ambassador Haley said
He then said people need to stop thinking these people are a threat “I keep trying to point out to people not to demonize any one group or any one ethnicity, but we keep thinking the biggest terror threat is something else,” Lemon said
But if he was excommunicated, then he is not pope Not pope
How else to describe the decision by Big Brother USA and junior sidekick South Korea to stage major air force exercises on North Korea’s border The prickly North Koreans had a fit, of course, as always when the US flexes its muscles on their borders
It's time for the #BDStears crowd to examine their entitlement and recognize that what's good for the goose is good for the gander Either that or they can go whine to the New York Times some more because the Jewish community won't let them burn crosses on their lawn
Boy, I hope you never get it I hope the American people can see through this sham, that you knew about it and you held it
Bank fraud does not explain why the Awans were kicked off the House network concurrent with the urgent memo, which did not cite bank fraud A Democratic IT aide who alleged that Imran solicited a bribe from him told TheDCNF he believes members of Congress are playing dumb and covering the matter up
In July 2014, he organized a pro-Hamas rally held outside the Israeli Consulate in downtown Miami Rally goers repeatedly shouted, “We are Hamas” and “Let’s go Hamas
Many parts of a gun can be made on very inexpensive, plastic 3D printers or even from simple machine tools It will be even more difficult to impose background checks, which have proven quite useless anyway
” – Einstein All of these media sources were operating normally until Donald Trump became president, and until Hillary Clinton, Obama, Bush, etc were outed as global elite puppets
“The president did not have to sit down for an interview They were so concerned about that, because he’d get caught up in lies–and there’d be perjury traps
They could easily succeed The entirety of the House and Senate of both parties is in thrall to the campaign donations of the military/security complex
In 1953, the CIA was in the process of developing a top-secret manual on assassinations, one that showed that the CIA was specializing not only in the art of assassination but also in the art of covering up its role in state-sponsored assassinations Every American owes it to himself to read that manual
” “Pope Francis fully recognizes the egregious failures of the Church and its clergy who abused children and the devastating impact those crimes have had on survivors and their loved ones,” O’Malley said
WikiLeaks’ revelations became part of the Guardian’s marketing plan to raise the paper’s cover price They made money, often big money, while WikiLeaks and Assange struggled to survive
One leaked official memo says: “Assange is going to make a nice bride in prison Screw the terrorist
I know Julian Assange well; I regard him as a close friend, a person of extraordinary resilience and courage I have watched a tsunami of lies and smear engulf him, endlessly, vindictively, perfidiously; and I know why they smear him
Meanwhile, Britain has a steadily lengthening record of admitting jihad preachers without a moment of hesitation Syed Muzaffar Shah Qadri’s preaching of hatred and jihad violence was so hardline that he was banned from preaching in Pakistan, but the UK Home Office welcomed him into Britain
At this point, continued pleading for a Bergoglian “clarification” can only give rise to an impression of disingenuousness, whereas continued silence about the papal origin of this ongoing catastrophe is a standing rebuke to all the hierarchs who know what we all know: that at the epicenter of the chaos is the most wayward Pope the Church has ever had to endure Continued inaction while the laity and a few good priests are left to themselves to defend, as best they can, the constant teaching of the Church against the abuses of a tyrant on the Chair of Peter threatens the hierarchs with a legacy of shame and a terrible accountability before the Just Judge
Both forms of the plague can be cured with antibiotics, but getting treatment quickly is the key to survival It’s Airborne: Officials Warn That The “Black Death” Plague Could Spread Rapidly
You should learn to call them by their real name, ‘Satan ’ You’re coming face to face with Satan, the Arch Deceiver, the enemy of God, and the enemy of the righteous
During it, Mr  Farrakhan said that the “powerful Jews” were his enemies, and that Jews were “responsible for all of this filth and degenerate behavior that Hollywood is putting out turning men into women and women into men,” as well as other incendiary remarks
Ford “really doesn’t want to testify,” he said “Because when she does, she is going to look like the loon she is
 Goldstein of the law firm of Goldstein & Russell predicted that the high court would have nine members again soon “There is exactly a zero percent chance that [Senate Majority Leader] Mitch McConnell and Chuck Grassley will allow this thing to get past the lame-duck” congressional session after Election Day, said the co-founder of SCOTUSblog who has appeared before the Supreme Court many times
” The area in East London includes the famous Tower Bridge and Canary Wharf, but the ban does not appear to be enforceable The current Labour mayor, John Biggs, complained that President Trump “doesn’t applaud diversity [and] doesn’t respect the culture of others and doesn’t respect women”
The Democrat leadership collusion with Muslim spies is the biggest story of treason and espionage in the recent memory, and yet for month after month the media has refused to cover it Instead, they’re so hellbent on destroying President Trump that they have directed all their energy to retailing Soviet fictions and titillating porn stories
He can’t; he has just explained all Qur’anic violence and intolerance away, leaving the manifest fact that all too many Muslims worldwide think that the Qur’an says exactly what he claims it does not say an unanswered conundrum Wills’ naïve, inaccurate, misleadingly sunny view of the Qur’an, of course, accords with that of his fellow Leftist Catholic, Pope Francis
By no later than September 29, the inspector general alleged, the bureau had learned “virtually every fact” it would cite as justification late the next month to search Weiner’s laptop for messages of Clinton and top aide Huma Abedin The inspector general derided the bureau’s reasons for not moving more quickly — that agents were waiting for additional information from New York, that they couldn’t move without a warrant and that investigators were more focused on the Russia case — as “unpersuasive,” “illogical,” and inconsistent with their assertion that they would leave no stone unturned on Clinton
Mr  Horowitz relied in part on opinions from prosecutors that there was not enough evidence to charge Clinton with acting in a manner that rose to a level of criminal gross negligence with respect to sending or receiving e-mails determined to contain classified information
(John 15:22) I told her that there are too many counterfeits, self-proclaimed leaders, out there who care more about saving face, than they do the souls of men (Luke 19:10), as well as saving their country
MONTREAL – It was political disagreement — not anti-Semitism — that led to a Jewish student being voted off the McGill University student council’s board of directors, an investigation ordered by the principal has concluded But Jewish groups on and off campus have denounced the report as flawed, saying it missed the significance of an anti-Semitic text circulated online before Noah Lew was removed from the board last fall
For Faggioli, not only would Bergoglio’s resignation be unthinkable, so also would a purge of the homosexual and pro-homosexual prelates Bergoglio and his Vatican henchmen have systematically enabled The Pope, he argues, is not “the CEO of the Catholic Church world, and the bishops as its managers whom the Pope can simply fire
So it looks like @Google executives have been caught red-handed trying to throw the election to Hillary Clinton in 2016 Maybe that’s why they refused to appear before Congress last week?https://t
As a result, the judge imposed significantly lesser sentences The previous administration, however, filed an overzealous appeal that resulted in the Hammonds being d to five years in prison
 McCabe is already the subject of an earlier criminal referral from the OIG for his alleged unauthorized leaks to the media and lying to federal investigators about his media contacts Special FBI agent Peter Stzrok and Lisa Page, an attorney who has since left the FBI, were targeted in this report for their blatantly anti-Trump text messages
Gilani told TheDCNF the brothers were trying to use the life insurance policy as leverage to persuade her to sign a power of attorney giving them access to “assets of my late husband in Pakistan,” which were much more valuable than the $50,000 policy Americo, the life insurance company, said there was “great doubt” about who the rightful policy holder was, given the allegations of fraud, and sent the decision to the courts to sort out on April 14, two months after the House sargent-at-arms banned the Awans for “suspicious activity
The government and history sections of the curriculum emphasize Austrian economics, libertarian political theory, and the history of liberty However, unlike government schools, my curriculum never puts ideological indoctrination ahead of education
Much of the information that he uses to chastise Strzok’s behavior and judgment in the Clinton email case, would have actually come from his current investigation into the Russia mess It’s quite possible that as bad as this report is for Comey, Strzok, Page, and Obama’s FBI leadership… Horowitz’ conclusion in the Russia investigation could prove to be even worse
No investigative journalism in my lifetime can equal the importance of what WikiLeaks has done in calling rapacious power to account It is as if a one-way moral screen has been pushed back to expose the imperialism of liberal democracies: the commitment to endless warfare and the division and degradation of “unworthy” lives: from Grenfell Tower to Gaza
" Just spoke to @JohnKasich to express condolences and prayers to all for the horrible shooting of two great police officers from @WestervillePD
Specifically, the statement that Obama wanted “to know everything we’re doing” came in a private Sept  2, 2016, text message from FBI lawyer Lisa Page to FBI agent Peter Strzok, with whom she was having an extramarital affair at the time
'” “Glazov’s advice also involves the promotion of supporting moderate Muslims – a move that is, clearly, horrifying to Facebook’s masters and therefore also violates their ‘community standards,'” the report said
Associates and relatives have long accused the family of green “For the sake of money they would have done anything,” Gilani’s cousin, Syed Ahmed, told the Daily Mail
That at what time ye hear the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, dulcimer, and all kinds of musick, ye fall down and worship the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar the king hath set up: And whoso falleth not down and worshippeth shall the same hour be cast into the midst of a burning fiery furnace
Meanwhile, Britain has a steadily lengthening record of admitting jihad preachers without a moment of hesitation Syed Muzaffar Shah Qadri’s preaching of hatred and jihad violence was so hardline that he was banned from preaching in Pakistan, but the UK Home Office welcomed him into Britain
Depending on an alien’s criminality, an alien who re-enters the United States after having been previously deported commits a felony punishable by up to 20 years in federal prison, if convicted “The continued results of our deportation officers underscore ICE’s ongoing and steady commitment to public safety,” said Ricardo Wong, field office director for ERO Chicago
I never thought I’d see the day when a preening, Internet-created neo-Catholic doyenne such as Simcha Fisher, as notorious as Mark Shea for her crude and often unprintable invective against traditionalists, would unload on Pope Bergoglio with the following headline: “Does Francis know he sounds like an abuser?” The scales have fallen from Fisher’s eyes and now, at last, she sees Bergoglio, however grudgingly, for what he is: a power-mad ecclesiastical tyrant
As a matter of fact, these counterfeits will be the first ones to get angry with and denounce and attack the ones that are sent by the Spirit of God (Galatians 4:29) Maybe this group of people should ask their enemies for instructions as to how change is brought about, and in a righteous sense reverse the lawlessness-taking place in this country (Matthew 24:12)
“So I don’t think this is simply just a case, as bad as it is, of a cover-up of an abuser,” she said “This is also sexual exploitation of children in a grooming gang, a predator priest
It was also apparently evidence of the paper’s clickbait tendencies: “They [Guardian editors] knew that publishing this story would cause partisan warriors to excitedly spread the story, and that cable news outlets would hyperventilate over it, and that they’d reap the rewards regardless of whether the story turned out to be true or false
 Saucier has been pardoned, I really do, but I continue to ask what a lot of Americans continue to ask, why does the known criminal Hillary Clinton remain at large in our country with her corrupt foundation taking in billions, her trashing our Republic and continuing to have a national voice? The American people weren't promised pardons, we were promised a special counsel to dig into the Clintons and bring about justice
As expected, two Muslim women, Rashida Tlaib in Michigan and Ilhan Omar in Minnesota, have been overwhelmingly elected to Congress The establishment media will celebrate these victories as triumphs of America’s “diversity”; unfortunately, in reality neither one is worth celebrating
The email was sent by the former head of Google’s multicultural marketing department, Eliana Mario, on November 9, 2016 “That email was subsequently forwarded by two Google VP’s to more staff members throughout the company,” says Carlson, adding “In her email, Mario touts Google’s multi-faceted efforts to boost Hispanic turnout in the election
” Unfortunately for Clinton and Google, as Murillo lamented, “…ultimately after all was said and done, the Latino community did come out to vote, and completely surprised us We never anticipated that 29% of Latinos would vote for Trump
As Roll Call has reported, Trump was in the tower at the time of the session with the Russian lawyer The president also continued to push a line first floated by his attorney, former New York mayor and U
We're all sinners, of course--- and the Church already accepts repentant homosexuals as they are, just as she accepts repentant practitioners of ANY sins of the flesh So why are our bishops playing dumb?
Our New Muslim Representatives As expected, two Muslim women, Rashida Tlaib in Michigan and Ilhan Omar in Minnesota, have been overwhelmingly elected to Congress
The annual budget of the military/security complex is $1,000 billion This vast sum is drawn from US taxpayers who have many unmet needs
'" "We are not a people that should be so fearful or vengeful that we think that torture is somehow acceptable," he added
No Californian can feel good about their justice system today I grieve from the bottom of my heart for the Steinle family who must be personally suffering from this injustice
Travelers are being warned to keep their distance from areas of Madagascar affected by the bubonic plague As the outbreak worsens, some doctors are even warning that “no one is safe” from the disease
He has to go BREAKING NEWS: TRUMP TELLS JEFF SESSIONS TO PUT AN END TO RUSSIA PROBE AS HE CLAIMS PROSECUTORS DOING MUELLER’S ‘DIRTY WORK ARE A DISGRACE’ TO AMERICA
It will be even more difficult to impose background checks, which have proven quite useless anyway The government has been no more effective at stopping criminals from getting guns than at stopping them from obtaining drugs
Deadly serious It makes perfect sense when you have the same people who have absolutely no problem with mothers hiring hitmen to murder their babies in their wombs in the most brutal and barbaric fashion, and then sell off their body parts for profit, if they don't throw them in the trash or flush them down a toilet, calling for computer files to be kept by the government and not be allowed to be released to the public
After several paragraphs of platitudes about “community cohesion” and “diversity”, it says “this Council notes with shock and alarm the decision by Donald Trump, President of the United States, to ‘retweet’ Islamophobic propaganda from the Britain First Twitter account” It also bemoans that he has allegedly “bigoted attitude towards women, ethnic minorities and Muslims which has resulted in examples of division and hatred within the USA and beyond” and attacks his “illogical” decision to move the U
“Challenging the status quo is what they can’t stand and it unnerves them, so they have to silence people ” “Some of us tell the truth about our government, they call us treasonous and say we’re speaking out of line and they’d like to punish us, and I think that’s part of what’s happening with social media,” Paul told RT, adding that he hopes anti-government or anti-war voices can eliminate their “dependency” on the current social media platforms
New York Times, you're lying Every media outlet from the Associated Press to NBC, you're lying when you say the video was doctored and that Acosta didn't touch the woman
Bon Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to [sic] USA!” Trump wrote And Trump is far from the only American who sees the investigation as a witch hunt
But it wasn’t true At all
Only one camera can be in the room Kavanaugh must testify first, a grotesque inversion of our bedrock principle that an accused has the right to confront his accuser’s charges
Because these stipulations are found in the Qur’an, they cannot be questioned or set aside Throughout his book, Wills’ assurances that the Qur’an is not really as bad as “right-wing Islamophobes” say, or that the Bible contains material that is just as bad or worse, dissolve under close scrutiny
Ms Geller, of the Atlas Shrugs blog, and Mr Spencer, of Jihad Watch, are also co-founders of the American Freedom Defense Initiative, best known for a pro-Israel "Defeat Jihad" poster campaign on the New York subway On both of their blogs the pair called their bans from entering the UK "a striking blow against freedom" and said the "the nation that gave the world the Magna Carta is dead"
Of course, they won't They have absolutely nothing in common
They have not won, not yet, and they have not destroyed the man Only the silence of good people will allow them to win
Senator Feinstein called Ted “Chappaquiddick” Kennedy an "inspiration and a friend," presumably also based on their compatible ideologies Hypocritically exploiting an unsubstantiated allegation of decades-old purported teenage sexual mischief, Democrats seeking to torpedo Judge Kavanaugh’s Supreme Court confirmation for ideological reasons have debased themselves with a shameless smear campaign against an eminently qualified candidate for the Supreme Court
Federal prosecutors say that between Dec  2017 and August 2018, the group, who are either siblings or related by marriage, had “a common plan to prepare for violent attacks on government, military, educational and financial institutions
S  war in a region where all the previous wars in this century have left us bleeding, bankrupt, divided and disillusioned?
00 (as of 10:35 EDT - Details) An unaware person might think that this is silly and laugh, but as Finian Cunningham shows, President Trump has been set-up as a treasonous enemy of America
In other words, because his situation is “complex” Wuerl, unlike McCarrick, should remain a cardinal and the Archbishop of Washington, DC, thus maintaining a key bulwark against the “neo-traditionalist” threat Yet, as the Pennsylvania grand jury report documents, Wuerl assisted McCarrick in the coverup of his crimes and now brazenly lies about it
Recently, in France, a progressive paper conducted a statistical survey to see how many priests no longer have faith in the Real Presence They found that twenty-two percent no longer have the faith, the belief in the Real Presence
Pope Benedict had imposed on Cardinal McCarrick sanctions similar to those now imposed on him by Pope Francis: the Cardinal was to leave the seminary where he was living, he was forbidden to celebrate [Mass] in public, to participate in public meetings, to give lectures, to travel, with the obligation of dedicating himself to a life of prayer and penance I do not know when Pope Benedict took these measures against McCarrick, whether in 2009 or 2010, because in the meantime I had been transferred to the Governorate of Vatican City State, just as I do not know who was responsible for this incredible delay
 Department of Housing and Urban Development announced it would provide $1 5 billion to help rebuild housing in Puerto Rico after devastation from both Maria and Hurricane Irma, which skirted the island a couple of weeks before, through HUD's Community Development Block Grant Disaster Recovery program
It absolutely would have made a difference ” Reached by TPM on Thursday, Muhammad said a “staff member” for the CBC contacted him “sort of in a panic” after he took the photo at a caucus meeting in 2005
Who are these bishops that think they can play fast and loose not only with the moral theology of the Catholic Church, but also with the immortal souls of their flock? Is it any wonder that priests and laity alike are changing their attitude on the "gay lifestyle" and violations of the Sixth Commandment when so many bishops are working to remove the stigma attached to this sin that Scripture tells us cries to heaven for vengeance?
” He adds that “you have to appeal to white guilt
” Trump was, unfortunately, following the example of his two immediate predecessors when he claimed that “Ramadan reminds us of the richness Muslims add to the religious tapestry of American life,” and was severely misleading the American people
We are supposed to serve as an example to the rest of the world, and instead, we have become a bad joke Those that have been engaging in this sort of shameful behavior have got to go because we simply are not going to put up with it anymore
An ex-Secret Service agent is claiming that former Vice President Joe Biden engaged in “Weinstein-level” sexual assault and that he would walk around the VP residence late at night completely naked According to Big League Politics’ Cassandra Fairbanks, a Secret Service agent who spoke on condition of anonymity revealed that Biden “would mess with every single woman or teen,” and that a Christmas get-together at the VP’s house had to be canceled “because Biden would grope all of our wives and girlfriend’s asses
Upon them rests the curse of Allah, of the Angels and of man collectively We must not think that we are at war with the entire religion
However, at least in the case of Ellison, at least one of the women were not scared about their reputation and had any political motive to call the police and file a report When it comes to Ellison though, we know he is an effeminate pansy who simply does not want to answer to the American people and even seeks security to hide from a female report with a mic and a camera
Luke Harding and the Guardian Publish Still More Blatant MI6 Lies The right wing Ecuadorean government of President Moreno continues to churn out its production line of fake documents regarding Julian Assange, and channel them straight to MI6 mouthpiece Luke Harding of the Guardian
While Harris is not up for re-election this year, Warren is Could the good people of Massachusetts do us all a favor and elect someone else in her place?
It came to light in 1997 as a result of a Freedom of Information request That was around the time that the Assassination Records Review Board, which was overseeing the mandatory release of JFK-related assassination records of the CIA and other federal agencies that had been kept secret from the American people since 1963
So, no, I don't think there's any good reason to think Kavanaugh would be especially helpful to Trump compared to others he could have selected Kavanaugh Nomination Is Exploding in Trump’s Face
At the time and since then, particularly in light of what has been happening, it seems one of the most bizarre aspects of this whole bizarre situation that the reasons offered have been so trivial, so inappropriately, so disproportionately petty These absurd responses to serious questions of grave import have raised the inescapable suspicion that Benedict simply did not take the papacy as seriously as the rest of us did
“They [police] immediately began looking to smear him,” attorney Lee Merritt said “I think it’s unfortunate that law enforcement begin to immediately criminalize the victim—in this case, someone who was clearly was the victim that has absolutely no bearing on the fact that he was shot in his home,” Merritt added to Fox 4
‘Russian Collusion with the Trump Campaign, one of the most successful in history, is a TOTAL HOAX,’ he wrote ‘The Democrats paid for the phony and discredited Dossier which was, along with Comey, McCabe, Strzok and his lover, the lovely Lisa Page, used to begin the Witch Hunt
 War Party wants us to smash Iran and remain in the Middle East forever to assure the hegemony of its favorites Have the generals taking us into Syria told the president how and when, if ever, they plan to get us out?
news “The real agenda is a global push for blind, fear-based acceptance of unsafe, unproven vaccines that will be rolled out alongside the next global pandemic,” Adams warns
” No, Bergoglio cannot “simply fire” bishops Except whenever he pleases, as we have seen again and again with the conservative bishops and even Cardinals (Burke and Müller) he has sacked because their conservatism offended him or one of his friends, prompting even Crux to ask: “Does Pope Francis have an enemies list?” Then again, Francis even obtained the removal of his own “trusted counselor” McCarrick from the College of Cardinals, albeit only when forced to act due to worldwide condemnation in the media
Senators Kamala Harris, who basically said that Judge Brett Kavanaugh was guilty because she believed Christine Blasey Ford's unsubstantiated and uncorroborated accusations against him, and Elizabeth Warren, also known as "Fauxahontas," are the two members of the Senate who will be investigated Looks like when you are so gung ho to go after someone based on 36-year-old allegations in which there are no witnesses and no evidence, it will eventually come back to bite you
And then, and then as no doubt was expected, if not planned, came a long series of false last-minute smears designed to scare me and drive me out of the process before any hearing occurred Afraid of their own shadows, committee Republicans didn’t relish the prospect of their all-male team of 11 senators questioning a woman so they hired sex-crimes prosecutor Rachel Mitchell of Maricopa County, Arizona, to examine Ford
They have seen our “Articles of Organization” which was issued by the state of Louisiana, which is where my partner and The Free Thought Project co-founder lives,” Jason Bassler, co-founder of the Free Thought Project explained However, in their statement, Facebook then suggested the real reason behind the purge — elections are coming — and pesky folks like the independent media have a way of reporting information on candidates that the mainstream tends to ignore — like war, corruption, and most recently, Brett Kavanaugh’s disdain for the Constitution
After that, Murillo says she cannot communicate with key organizers of the effort by Google and its partners—a project known as HOLA—because she is afraid of secret pro-Trump spies on the listservs created She also admits ongoing discussions among these people about meeting to give grieving Hillary Clinton supporters hugs after Trump crushed her on election day
Of course, Trump has inherited a problem that has existed for several administrations, both Republican and Democrat, for decades It is time that Congress sure up things so that America's tax dollars are not bound up in a worthless judicial process when people are clearly in the country illegally
The answer is clear: You don't This would actually be the perfect time for Trump not to appoint an ambassador to the UN and call for the US to exit the anti-American organization and demand Congress stop funding it and evict the UN from US soil, but I'm not holding my breath
, professor of Dogmatic Theology at Holy Apostles College and Seminary All of the critics of AL are wrong—every one of them!—because, you see, the original Latin text does not say what the English text does
As a former trial lawyer, I can tell you that while neither notes nor memories are infallible, in a contest between contemporaneous notes and later verbal testimony about those notes, the content of the written notes usually prevails Juries are extremely skeptical of witnesses who contradict written notes — after all, the notes are taken when the words are immediate and there isn’t the overwhelming pressure of a trial to conform your testimony to the desired outcome
M  (REUTERS) – A 13-YEAR-OLD BOY WHO WAS PART OF GROUP TAKEN INTO CUSTODY AT A SQUALID NEW MEXICO COMPOUND LAST MONTH HAS TOLD FBI AGENTS HIS MOTHER’S BOYFRIEND WAS TRAINING HIM TO CONDUCT “JIHAD” AGAINST NON-BELIEVERS, ACCORDING TO FEDERAL COURT DOCUMENTS
Dina Habib Powell is a deep part of the Republican establishment She is part of the swamp, part of the willfully ignorant McMaster crowd that clearly opposed Trump’s agenda
“I think we are all counting on the district attorney, on those in positions of trust and power right now, to do the right thing,” O’Rourke said, implying that, at the very minimum, Amber Guyger should be fired “There has to be a full accounting for how young black men continue to be killed in this country without accountability, without justice, without these full investigations, without respecting their civil rights
White House Outlines Code Of Conduct For White House Press - If Those Don't Work, They'll Be Forced To Write More For any constitutionalist, the ruling by Trump-appointed Judge Timothy J
) Support them financially if you can
That’s not enough Ghost guns are already a problem; they are used not just by lone shooters but as part of criminal enterprises
When Harold Pinter accepted the Nobel Prize for Literature in 2005, he referred to “a vast tapestry of lies up on which we feed” He asked why “the systematic brutality, the widespread atrocities, the ruthless suppression of independent thought” of the Soviet Union were well known in the West while America’s imperial crimes “never happened … even while [they] were happening, they never happened
“I’m hoping everything is OK with him and I’m sure MGM or the union will let (media) know when we hear something,” he said In the meantime, authorities still have not released a conclusive timeline for the shooting they desperately want us to believe was committed by Paddock
And when a House Office of Inspector General cybersecurity investigation found that Awan made “unauthorized access” to House servers, including the House Democratic Caucus’ shortly before the election, Wasserman Schultz became “frantic, not normal,” “making the rounds” to House officials in an attempt to kill the investigation, one House employee told The Daily Caller News Foundation Awan told people Wasserman Schultz chose the name for his daughter, Leza — a Jewish name — and that the Florida congresswoman’s daughter regularly rode a horse that Awan kept at a boarding facility, sources with knowledge of the relationship told TheDCNF
Some will employ former Mueller coup members They will be used by the Democrats running them to fundraise, in violation of all political norms and ethics, bringing us that much closer to a proper Roman circus
“Credible Evidence Of A Terrorist Infiltration”: Congressman Says ‘Secret Intel’ Proves ISIS Connection To Las Vegas Massacre Congress is in possession of ‘secret intel’ that exposes an ISIS connection to the horrific Las Vegas Massacre, according to a surprising claim made by Pennsylvania Congressman Scott Perry
For any constitutionalist, the ruling by Trump-appointed Judge Timothy J  Kelly was nothing but surreal, and honestly, he should be impeached over his frivolous ruling that demanded the White House reinstate CNN reporter Jim Acosta's press pass
They can remain silent, for which history will be unforgiving Or they can act in the interests of justice and humanity and bring this remarkable Australian citizen home
“Attorney General Barr must not give President Trump, his lawyers or his staff any ‘sneak preview’ of Special Counsel Mueller’s findings or evidence, and the White House must not be allowed to interfere in decisions about what parts of those findings or evidence are made public The Democratic leaders said Mueller’s investigation “focused on questions that go to the integrity of our democracy itself: whether foreign powers corruptly interfered in our elections, and whether unlawful means were used to hinder that investigation
Christopher Chin, head of Homeschool Louisiana, told The Times that parents are fed up with “the violence, the bullying, the unsafe environments ” Many parents are also disturbed by the social engineering, which amounts to brainwashing and indoctrination that goes on in a public school
“They know this is one of the great scandals in the history of our country because basically what they did is, they used [former Trump campaign aide] Carter Page, who nobody even knew, who I feel very badly for, I think he’s been treated very badly They used Carter Page as a foil in order to surveil a candidate for the presidency of the United States
And if you are unchastely propositioned, abused, or threatened (no matter by whom), or if you directly witness unchaste behavior, report it to me I will not stand for this in my diocese any more than in our seminaries
“Card Seper, a man full of goodness, intiated the renovation
Allahu Akbar usually means motive unknown The 28-year-old Muslim man confessed to the killing and was heard shouting “Allahu Akbar” and calling Halimi “Satan” shortly before throwing her out the window of her three-story apartment
" The document he and Kim signed said the North Korean leader "reaffirmed his firm and unwavering commitment to complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
 will follow suit and outlaw it nationally still remains to be seen What leaps to the eye from the mounting statistics is that decline in the exercise of the death penalty has kept close pace with decline in the Faith and church attendance
Iranian material breaches of the JCPOA were all but ignored while Iran’s ballistic missile program was allowed to proceed at full speed despite being in defiance of United Nations Security Council resolution 2231 Obama’s near messianic zealotry in his interactions with the mullahs severely compromised America’s national security and weakened its image on the international stage
Obama has given a tremendous boost to these initiatives, as well as to Iran’s nuclear program, with his nuclear deal that has given the Iranians hundreds of billions of dollars and essentially a green light to manufacture nuclear weapons, in exchange for absolutely nothing There is no telling when the worst consequences of Obama’s aid and comfort to the Islamic Republic of Iran will be felt
And now this, finally, a bishop with the courage to look the beast in the eye and speak its name out loud Bishop Morlino does this in a moment when he is under heavy attack as a “hater” for defending the Church’s teaching on marriage—an attack, by the way, which prompted us here at The Remnant to join the fight to DEFEND BISHOP MORLINO last year
A blind man could see what was happening Donald “Art of the Deal” Trump was obviously negotiating all week with the CIA, and he was obviously pushing to get what he wanted all the way up to the very last day
As Comey has admitted, several e-mail chains concerned matters that were classified at the Top Secret/Special Access Program level when they were sent and received by Clinton Coupled with her agents’ destruction of thousands of e-mails that had been subpoenaed by Congress, Hillary’s conduct was criminally reckless at the very least, if not constituting willful intent to commit an act she knew was wrongful
They have done so in the face of Judge Kavanaugh’s lifetime record of stellar public service, multiple background checks producing no evidence of sexual misconduct, and the letter written by the 65 women, who knew him when he was in high school and thereafter and who signed their names to a ringing endorsement of his good character Feminists gave the serial sexual predator Bill Clinton a free pass because his policies were in line with their ideology
” “From day one this case was used as a means to foment hate, to foment division and to foment a program of mass deportation,” added defense attorney Francisco Ugarte
As I understand Julian, this is something he would not even contemplate But that might be one of the so-called “wretched deals” that are being offered Assange
Let’s start with the Cardinal who will lead the upcoming Synod, none other than Cardinal Kevin Farrell, Prefect of the Dicastery for Laity, Family and Life As the DC roommate and protege of Ted McCarrick, Farrell so respected McCarrick, the Molester, that he fashioned his Coat of Arms as a tribute to Uncle Ted
” Blaming Jews for the extreme torment they endured for so long, which includes a Nazi Holocaust that took the lives of six million innocent Jews and so many others, is incredibly offensive
I document this abundantly in my new book The History of Jihad From Muhammad to ISIS  To take one of innumerable examples, Sharaf ad-Din Ali Yazdi, a fifteenth-century Persian who wrote a biography of the Mongol Muslim warrior Tamerlane, observed that “the Qur’an says the highest dignity man can attain is that of making war in person against the enemies of his religion
Read the Archbishop’s words for yourselves and note well the ring of truth that resonates in every sentence This is clearly the testimony of an honest man who has only the good of the Church in his heart—a modern-day Athanasius standing against something so much worse than Liberius
But how can journalists discover and know the truth if those directly involved with a matter refuse to answer any questions or to release any documents? The pope’s unwillingness to respond to my charges and his deafness to the appeals by the faithful for accountability are hardly consistent with his calls for transparency and bridge building
I am told from contacts inside the Vatican that after the trip to Chile Bergoglio’s support has completely dried up He has no more resources of trust even among the people he has chosen to surround himself with and after the reports of Cardinal Sandri going toe-to-toe with him in a shouting match, it seems that perhaps even his legendary vicious temper tantrums are failing to have the desired effect of terrorising his subordinates into submission
Could Republicans not see the factories shutting down, or not understand why workers' wages had failed to rise for decades? What did the democracy crusades "to end tyranny in our world" accomplish?
Expose and rout every last predator Purge every homosexual from its clerical ranks
Maybe he should have taken the time to look to the founding forefathers and that document which they drew up called “The Declaration of Independence ” That document alone is 75% of the usurpations that the Tyrant King George committed against our forefathers and what it is that our forefathers would not put up with
McCarrick is the last straw All credibility is lost
) Although the conspiracy theory is baseless nonsense, it continues to dog the Trump administration, providing cable television news outlets and late-night talk show hosts with endless fodder in the 24-hour news cycle
S  State Department has remained all but silent on the issue as well, other than to characterize their suspicion as unknown “sonic attacks” targeted U
“There are, theoretically I guess, canons that could apply here, but obviously they have not been sufficient,” he said The commission was behind Francis’ decision in 2015 to create a new tribunal to judge bishops caught covering up for abusive priests, and to fund it for five years
” Trump’s reelection campaign also got in on this week’s speculation game, texting supporters early Friday afternoon, “President Trump has put up with the WITCH HUNT for 2 YEARS
M  (AP) — The Latest on 11 children found living in a filthy, makeshift compound in New Mexico (all times local): 4 p
It has been a month since I offered my testimony, solely for the good of the Church, regarding what occurred at the audience with Pope Francis on June 23, 2013 and regarding certain matters I was given to know in the assignments entrusted to me at the Secretariat of State and in Washington, in relation to those who bear responsibility for covering up the crimes committed by the former archbishop of that capital My decision to reveal those grave facts was for me the most painful and serious decision that I have ever made in my life
President Eisenhower warned the American people about this likely outcome in 1961 to no avail From the standpoint of the military/security complex, the problem of normalizing relations with Russia is that it downgrades the “Russian threat” that is so essential to the $1,000 billion annual budget of the military/security complex and the power that such a massive budget conveys
Other parents do not wish to have their children indoctrinated with views that contradict the parents’ political, social, or even religious beliefs I encourage all parents looking at alternatives to government schools —alternatives that provide children with a well-rounded education that introduces them to the history and ideas of liberty — to go to RonPaulCurriculum
” Of course, even if they had found those things, given their track record of denial and deception, they may still be searching for Kazi’s motive
" While some don't believe that Trump's base is all that energized, it seems pretty energetic to me and attacks on conservatives on social media and in search engine results have only furthered their outrage at the establishment, both Democrat and Republican
At the click of a mouse, we can summon almost any information we could possibly need including instructions for making a bomb The ability to build an untraceable, unregistered gun is definitely a game changer
It is a great disservice to the Church to maintain the pretense that there is nothing problematical about AL A moral catastrophe is self-evidently underway and it is not possible honestly to deny its cause
“If he expresses an apology, it needs to be more than ‘we’re sorry,’” he added In his letter, Francis repeated a famous 2005 quote by his predecessor Benedict XVI, who, a month before being elected pope, lamented “how much filth” there was in the Catholic Church
The stories being brought into light and displayed in gruesome detail with regard to some priests, religious, and now even those in places of highest leadership, are sickening Hearing even one of these stories is, quite literally, enough to make someone sick
He lost his bar license for two years, according to Virginia State Bar documents Hadeed did not introduce any evidence to the judge about a pattern of possible fraud by Abid, the timing of the move as it relates to the federal criminal case, or the mental capacity of the dying man to understand paperwork
Does anyone (except for the neocons) really believe it is better to unleash terrorists on a population than to engage them in trade and travel? We need to worry about blowback from President Trump’s fully-neoconized Middle East policy!
Why Manafort might have sought out Assange in 2013 is unclear Manafort, 69, denies involvement in the hack and says the claim is “100% false”
" The finest among us are those who risk it all everyday for our safety, and Officers Anthony Morelli and Eric Joering were those people
What can the Church do when confronted by a Pope who, as a prominent cardinal declares to the whole world, “fail[s] to maintain and transmit faithfully … the deposit of faith contained in Sacred Tradition and Sacred Scripture” and is leading “an apostasy from the truth”? It seems absurd to argue that she can do nothing but exhort the faithful to pray and do penance while a papal malefactor, treated as if were an absolute dictator, is allowed to continue wreaking havoc upon faith and morals to the detriment of countless souls, without the least impediment, for so long as he shall live
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use As long as Dwight and Steven Hammond remain in jail for what is obviously a gross miscarriage of justice, this matter remains a blight on the federal regulatory agencies and the criminal justice system
Mike Pompeo, Director of the CIA, will become our new Secretary of State He will do a fantastic job!
It will end up giving Trump whatever it is he wants Trump is in the driver’s seat because the CIA cannot afford to permit the American people to see the records it wants to continue to be kept secret
Rather, what I am saying is that this hypothetical imperfect council could determine that it has been proven and act accordingly, and that the Church would judge any resulting deposition of Bergoglio in the same manner it judges the deposition of Benedict IX Another ground for deposition—as determined by the imperfect council, not any of us—would be that Bergoglio has deposed himself by promulgating heresy, fracturing the Church’s universal discipline respecting marriage and the Eucharist, and undermining the teaching of even his own immediate predecessors on matters of fundamental morality upheld by the Magisterium for two millennia
“You voted NOT GUILTY on both counts at Bill Clinton’s impeachment,” she tweeted “You didn’t give a damn back then
The essence of this ultimatum would be that if by the end of June a consensus is not reached in the council of EU heads of government, then the planned reforms would be adopted with a qualified majority vote which would overrule dissenters Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trade Péter Szijjártó said on Tuesday,“Hungary will not become an immigrant country, it has never admitted and will never admit illegal immigrants
The status quo is not acceptable in Washington, and once people truly understand how deep the corruaption runs I believe that they will get motivated to finally drain the swamp once and for all So yes, I am going to share some things in this article that are truly disgusting, but the goal is to show you that it is time to take our government back from the corrupt career politicians that are completely and utterly out of control
TRUMP TEAM CONFIDENT AFTER MUELLER REPORT DROP “Attorney General Barr—release the Mueller report to the American public
This is just a deep state coo attempt (Mueller) to stop the will of We the People!!! It's time to jail Mueller and cancel this witch hunt!!!
Enough is enough!!! This is just a deep state coo attempt (Mueller) to stop the will of We the People!!!
Stay Rowdy! Dear Illegal Alien ‘Caravan’: Say, ‘Hola’ To Trump’s RAZOR Wire
Obscured by the junk was a trailer where the 11 children and five adults were living The children wore dirty rags for clothing with no shoes, and were surrounded by weapons and rounds of ammunition, authorities said
While the letters and emails of recent days are sober reminders that there’s still a long way to go in restoring trust, I nonetheless welcome the efforts to hold me accountable to you, the faithful of this archdiocese The events of these past weeks have shown that no one can be above the law, regardless of rank or privilege
Once Gillum is in, in another 2 years, other Republican Senators and Legislators will be on the ballot So, you have to whip up the Andrew Gillum voters again in those counties to vote out the Republican to get a Democratic Legislature in order for his (Gillum) will to be executed
And how was such a depraved individual ordained in the first place, let alone promoted to Cardinal-Archbishop of Washington? The answer is, ultimately, demonic
In no uncertain terms, this letter, bearing Benedict's signature, affirms that “there is an internal continuity between the two pontificates ” Whether Benedict actually wrote this letter or not, it gives rise to a number of grave questions that need to be answered rather urgently before history closes the book on this commedia diabolica
The Church’s teaching is clear that the homosexual inclination is not in itself sinful, but it is intrinsically disordered in a way that renders any man stably afflicted by it unfit to be a priest And the decision to act upon this disordered inclination is a sin so grave that it cries out to heaven for vengeance, especially when it involves preying upon the young or the vulnerable
As Slavo noted, should the disease spread to the African mainland, one can assume that it will be all but impossible to control, thus increasing the likelihood of global pandemic Shock: Black Death Patients Are ESCAPING The Hospital Over Fear Of Needles As Officials Worry Plague Could Spread
Is the Church to transgress His Laws, or to magnify and enforce His Laws unto judgment? (Psalm 40:8; Romans 3:31) Of course not!
New York Times, you're lying Every media outlet from the Associated Press to NBC, you're lying when you say the video was doctored and that Acosta didn't touch the woman
How inconvenient that during a global prelate homosexual coverup scandal, the 2018 Synodal Bishop Conferences are exploring for ways during the Synod to discuss ways in which homosexual youths want to be “closer” to the Church! How inconvenient that since 2013 during Francis’ impromptu airplane presser when he cleverly sent a powerful message to homosexual clerics, “Who Am I to Judge,” now Francis must judge the criminal predatory conduct of homosexual clergy and prelates who preyed on youth and seminarians
Let’s start with the Cardinal who will lead the upcoming Synod, none other than Cardinal Kevin Farrell, Prefect of the Dicastery for Laity, Family and Life As the DC roommate and protege of Ted McCarrick, Farrell so respected McCarrick, the Molester, that he fashioned his Coat of Arms as a tribute to Uncle Ted
So Trump’s solution was more show-biz A much ballyhooed flight to Singapore, backslapping a delighted Kim, and a love-fest between the two chunky leaders was sold to Americans as the dawn of peace
Is it simply that we have moved so far away from the ancient Faith that we no longer have a realistic notion of the Faith ourselves to make a comparison, to make an objective judgement? The “progressive” destroyer of Ottaviani inheriting his office and the epithet “arch-conservative”…
“Footage has emerged that may show muzzle flashes coming from the helicopter in what looks to be evidence that a team was firing into the crowd from the air on that fateful night,” read a report in The Daily Sheeple “Despite claims by some that these are “strobes” it remains unlikely that this is the case, especially when you consider other footage of the helicopter taken on the night as well as research by a group of investigators who believe the first attack on October 1st was carried out from the air
Slowly but surely we are beginning to see the truth about the horrific attack come to light despite authorities desperately trying to prevent it from reaching the American people Sadly, the picture emerging is one that includes a shocking amount of evidence pointing towards a classic deep state false flag operation
This is a struggle about policy, about the future And Trump is president because he read the party and the country right, while the Bush-McCain Republican establishment had lost touch with both
Rather than being the bombshell smoking gun that directly connects the Trump campaign to WikiLeaks, perhaps the report is something else entirely: a disinformation campaign Is it possible someone planted this story as a means to discredit the journalists?
They don’t care to see Trump vindicated The contrast with the Watergate investigation and hearings is startling
” Yes, Francis should resign if Viganò ’s allegations are true, Shea admits—a stunning concession coming from him Yet, making no attempt to refute Viganò’s account on the merits, he tries to wave it all aside with his usual mode of argument—puerile mockery: “But at present, the eagerness of the Greatest Catholics of All Time to believe and repeat everything their itching ears want to hear about this Pope whose living guts they have hated from the moment of his election only tells in his favor, not against it
But this move demonstrates—if more evidence were needed—that Bergoglio has never been the humble apostle of mercy depicted in his carefully crafted public relations narrative, but rather a cunning ecclesiastical politician, constantly plotting and scheming to get what he wants That the neo-Catholic establishment refuses to recognize the grim reality of this unprecedented pontificate is but another page in the long annals of its shameful defense of the indefensible to the detriment of Holy Mother Church
They point to the Nashville Dominicans, the Missionaries of Charity, the Poor Clares of Alabama, where there are at least habits, (some) chant, common life and common apostolates But it is these signs of refusal of the programme that have infuriated the despots of the New Paradigm who would not rest until every last individual house of religious life was co-opted, subverted to the new ideology
British politician Nigel Farage once helped convince Britons to vote for Brexit and separate from the European Union, but British establishment politicians have done everything they could to sabotage that vote since then Now Farage has apparently decided that if he can’t beat them, he’ll join them — if not on Brexit, then in their stance of denial and appeasement regarding the global jihad threat
A Suppression of Conscience One might ask, is “unseemly sycophancy” at work among the media?
These incidents tend to occur on college campuses It doesn’t take much to trigger these people
Again and again, the American people have said they do not want to be dragged into Syria's civil war Donald Trump won the presidency on a promise of no more unnecessary wars
Muslim Leader Calls for Conquest of “America, Britain, Russia, France, and Italy” Recently a Muslim spokesman in Tunisia named Said Khecharem, who is affiliated with the international pro-Sharia, pro-caliphate organization Hizb ut-Tahrir, declared (to delighted screams of “Allahu akbar” from his audience), that the “establishment of an Islamic state…requires the conquest of America, Britain, Russia, France, and Italy – Rome and other infidel lands will be conquered, Allah willing
“There’s no other way you can coin it Justice was rendered, but it was not served
Until the Church and her bishops get back to reaffirming traditional Catholic teaching on human sexuality we can forget about seeing an end to the sexual abuse crisis and the massive problem of homosexuality in the clergy McCarrick will become the norm, not the exception, and confidence in the leadership and moral authority of the Catholic Church will remain in the toilet indefinitely
The worst of sins are Infidelity ( Kufr) and Polytheism ( shirk) which constitute rebellion against Allah, The Creator To eradicate these, Muslims are required to wage war until there exists none of it in the world, and the only religion is that of Allah
Is that clear?” This month has been quite a spectacle, even for this pontificate; an apparently unending stream of outrages and embarrassments, with the pope and his Vatican media support jumping from one scandal to the next
In fact, Saris' actions appear to more akin to that of the Mexican kritarch Monica Herranz who aided an illegal alien to escape arrest by ICE when she let that illegal alien leave her courtroom through the exit to her judicial chambers Saris is clearly scheming to help Rombot escape deportation by disappearing into the almost 1 million illegal aliens absconding from Final Orders of Removal
Don’t put it on television, but make public a written transcript Remove the television cameras, and attention-craving, politically ambitious Senators will be gone like a cool breeze
” And as for his brother bishops in France, “the conference of French bishops should have trusted us, it would have been better informed Why are your bishops silent on a threat that is yours today as well?
Austin Monahan, Karen Monahan’s son, aired the allegations in a Facebook post Saturday night According to Austin Monahan, Ellison put his mother through “pure hell
[6] “justice and beneficence” are considered on behalf of the community, not the patient [7] Bioethicists take it as read that in order for a life to have sufficient “quality” it must demonstrate sufficient autonomy
com/PVD6YIbCvk — John Moore (@jbmoorephoto) November 2, 2018 In addition to sheer numbers, the US forces will have drones, helicopters with night-vision capabilities, and fixed-wing aircraft at their disposal to ensure the success of the military operation
He was suspended from Facebook for 30 days on Sept  11, the anniversary of the Islamic jihadist attack on America that killed nearly 3,000
That means they didn’t find an ISIS membership card in his wallet, or lots of phone calls to Iraq or Syria, or a note from Kazi reading, “I did this for Allah and Islam Allahu akbar
“Recently, I have been made aware of what i believe to be credible evidence, credible information, regarding potential terrorist infiltration, through the southern border, regarding this event,” Perry shockingly claimed “Let’s face it, twice before the attack ISIS warned the United States that they would attack Las Vegas and then after the attack claimed responsibility four times,” Perry continued
Democrats, weeks later, released their own version of the memo Agencies scramble to prep Russia probe files for release after sweeping Trump order
Make your own the act of faith and complete confidence in Christ Jesus, our Savior, of Saint Paul in his second Letter to Timothy, Scio cui credidi, which I choose as my episcopal motto This is a time of repentance, of conversion, of prayers, of grace, to prepare the Church, the bride of the Lamb, ready to fight and win with Mary the battle against the old dragon
” The third page of the email begins with another headline and image of a Latina woman in a red Make America Great Again hat and “Latinos for Trump” sign
Beyond pressuring our allies, consider these specific steps President Trump has taken against Russia: Where President Obama refused to provide serious weapons to the Ukrainians to help them defend themselves (his response was weakness on a pathetic scale), President Trump has approved the sale of offensive weapons to enable the Ukrainians to increase the cost of Russian aggression When the Russians used chemical weapons in Great Britain, President Trump joined our allies and expelled 60 Russian intelligence officers from the United States
This leftwing witch hunt has been ongoing since day one of Trump’s presidency in order to impair and impede his ability to get the job done It’s a stealth coup
I might suggest he is a renegade now DB: It was hysterical to watch these four armed guards who kept shouting “Stop resisting, stop resisting!” and they are beating the hell out of him!
If it is true that we really are alone in this, then so be it Let’s stop lamenting and start doing practical things about it
The American Jewish Historical Society was founded to study and preserve Jewish history These days it’s instead partnering with Jewish Voice for Peace: an anti-Israel BDS hate group that defends anti-Semitism and which sponsored talks by an anti-Semite who accused Jews of drinking blood
CNN's Don Lemon Contradicts Himself In Just One Sentence: "We Have to Stop Demonizing People ... White Men, Most Of Them Radicalized" Talk about an absolute hypocrite!
” Yeah, and people are dying by the hundreds of thousands at the hands of drugs approved by the FDA, but I don't hear you guys calling to shut down the unconstitutional FDA or put Big Pharma out of business, does anyone else?
What was billed as a second-coming extravaganza between the two leaders – who have been trading insults of ‘little rocket man’ and ‘dotard’ (someone who is senile) turned out to be a very expensive photo op for both publicity seekers that made much noise but produced very little – at least so far It seemed as if two schoolyard bullies had been forced by the principal to shake hands
 interests in the region and beyond President Trump’s sharp denunciation of the Iranian regime during his address to the UN General Assembly represented a welcome departure from the Obama administration’s milquetoast approach to Iran
Judging Iran by the narrow confines of the nuclear deal misses the true nature of the threat Iran must be judged in totality of its aggressive, destabilizing, and unlawful behavior
Ridicule is a vicious and potent weapon There is a baffling and shameful silence in our culture’s sphere of comedy, especially in Hollywood and our media, with regard to the myriad ingredients of Shariah and jihad that merit at least a million hilarious satirical sketches
To “emigrate in the cause of Allah” is to leave one’s home and join up with the Muslims This passage envisions some of the disbelievers becoming Muslim, and then turning away again, whereupon the Muslims are told to “kill them wherever you find them
Right, except she does just that and so do many in her party However, in less than a minute she would insult both Booker and Holder, and every person with dark skin on the planet
She chose to compare social media use in the US to what it's like in Australia The professor, according to BuzzFeed News, failed Arnolds because "Australia is a continent; not a country," which, again, is incorrect, just so we're clear here
It was Correa’s government that gave Julian political refuge, which has been betrayed now by his successor, the government led by Lenin Moreno, which is back to sucking up to the United States in the time-honored way, with Julian as the pawn and victim Should be a ‘Constitutional Hero’
But over the course of the last two years, he hasn’t always been so open to the report seeing the light of day, or even having the investigation conclude As The New York Times reported early last year, Trump ordered the firing of the special counsel, but reversed course after the then-White House Counsel Don McGahn said he would resign instead of executing Trump’s order
The personal wreckage brutally portrayed in the Pennsylvania Grand Jury Report is the direct result of a clerical culture which embraced homosexuality and groomed, recruited, and assaulted young people into this sordid lifestyle Many priests, bishops, and cardinals practiced what Francis preached, ‘who am I to judge
But plenty of it is about malice and spite Culture wars are built on tribal rage
But migration dominates his agenda now Orban said on Sunday that Europe faces a critical fissure between nation states of the East and the West, which he called an "immigrant zone, a mixed population world that heads in a direction different from ours"
He simply wished that it was so Let’s give our neo-Catholic friends another “apocryphal” quotation to dismiss out of hand
But he lost at every stage of litigation, including a refusal by the Supreme Court to review a decision that the code could not be published during the course of the lawsuit So it was stunning — but not surprising, given this administration’s worship at the altar of gun rights — that the State Department elected last month to quietly settle the case
Selecting the Jews, based on race, for extermination is more of the reason why the term Nazi is not a positive one Hayden's thoughtless tweet can just as easily be used to delegitimize any and all law enforcement
Chiodi’s sole “authority” for this lie from the pit of hell is nothing more than Chapter 8 of AL, the only document of its kind in the entire history of the Church AL will doubtless be providing cover for a whole new line of Authentic Magisterium® products, all of which will be utter fakes, including some form of “pastoral integration” of homosexual unions
While the mainstream media has largely ignored it, the scandal surrounding Russian efforts to acquire 20% of America’s uranium reserves, a deal which was ultimately approved by the Obama administration, and more specifically the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) which included Hillary Clinton and Eric Holder, is becoming more problematic for Democrats by the hour As The Hill pointed out earlier this morning, the latest development in this sordid tale revolves around a man that the FBI used as an informant back in 2009 and beyond to build a case against a Russian perpetrator who ultimately admitted to bribery, extortion and money laundering
I think they will become an American hero out of all of this, but apparently, he was fighting and begging and pleading and saying the Russians are here, they are doing this, why are you paying attention? I hope my instincts are right there, and number two, how devastating it legally is this going to be based on what I was just asking Sara and John about impacting former Obama officials, money, Clinton foundation?
” And that Jews suffer from a “Holocaust Syndrome” of entitlement He justified hijacking planes, described suicide bombers as “taking the supreme sacrifice” and defended Hezbollah as “an armed-resistance movement”
54 Affiliation is a particular form of help that the Holy See establishes in particular situations in favor of the community of a monastery sui juris which has only an asserted autonomy, but in reality, very precarious or, in fact, non-existent 55 Affiliation is configured as a juridical support that must assess whether the inability to manage the life of the autonomous monastery in all its dimensions is only temporary or is irreversible, helping the community of the affiliated monastery to overcome difficulties or to put in place what is necessary to bring about the suppression of this monastery
Contradictory conceptions concerning the Sacraments, said the cardinal, lead into chaotic conditions Thus, explained the cardinal, the Sacraments have to be celebrated the way Christ Himself willed it when he instituted them
On the other hand, this focus allows the administration to perpetuate the destructive fantasy that there are other types of “extremists” — who just happen to be the Left’s political opponents — that pose a great threat to the country For example, as Stephen Coughlin has revealed, the “violent extremists” the administration is clearly worried about are the “right-wing Islamophobes” whom the administration obviously considers to be the real threat to American security
The latter think that removing guns will suddenly force humanity to stop all animosity toward one another, hold hands, and sing Kumbaya The former recognizes that an armed populace is a threat to any tyrant and pushes for gun control out of self-preservation
e , issue a statement of fidelity to the Church’s moral theology, specifically her teaching against the mortal sin of homosexual acts
“Their only defense was that the activities they described were either non-partisan or were not officially taken by the company,” Carlson said Monday night, describing Google’s official response to his requests for comment, before challenging the company’s response: “But of course they were both Plenty of people in Google knew what was going on and we haven’t seen any evidence anyone at Google disapproved of it and tried to rein it in
Authorities said the father at some point told his wife he wanted to perform an exorcism on the boy, who cannot walk, suffers seizures and requires constant attention because of a lack of oxygen and blood flow at birth The imam said he was unaware of the training of the children for school shootings, but his mosque has been known to attract Islamic jihadis over the years
So of course, Grassley having been intimidated into giving Ford a chance to address the Committee, Ramirez and her handlers are now demanding the same privilege “Creepy Lawyer” for porn star Stormy Daniels claims to represent a woman who also should be allowed to testify to the Senate Committee about Kavanaugh’s partying habits while at Yale
“Woe unto them that call evil good, and good evil; that put darkness for light, and light for darkness; that put bitter for sweet, and sweet for bitter!" No wonder why the reprobates and hypocrites thought that the Christians who were following the living Christ were turning the world upside down in the book of Acts
With all the mud Democrats have been slinging at Kavanaugh, he would be thrilled to be approved by a margin as wide as 52 to 48 Conservatives need to remember that the purpose of the Left’s frenzied, demagogic assault is to damage the nominee, and by extension, the president who nominated him
The plague is a lie,” Helene Raveloharisoa told the wire service Josephine Ralisiarisoa firmly believes the country’s cash-strapped government is just exaggerating the problem to get money ahead of an election next year
4) For the Qur’an, Christians “are only impurity” (Quran 9 28),” “the worst of Creation” (Qur’an 98
“Evil men understand not judgment” (Proverbs 28:5) If you read the preceding verse, you will see that Scripture tells us “they that forsake the law praise the wicked
The attacks here are motivated by a desire for open borders Children are being used as human shields in a campaign to end national security forever
But the campus anti-Israel crowd has been working rather hard to intimidate and penalize anyone involved in pro-Israel organizations And to keep their racist boycott movement going by maintaining control over student governments
Yes, Russia is a superpower Russian weapons are so superior to the junk produced by the waste-filled US military/security complex that lives high off the hog on the insouciant American taxpayer that it is questionable if the US is even a second class military power
He is the very exemplar of the crisis we must still endure… Let the thing die of its own excesses, for as the “little synod” [the 2002 “pedophile summit”] demonstrates, the men who control this establishment will never restore it to anything resembling the vibrant Church that a long line of militant, uncompromising Popes delivered into their hands at Vatican II
” That came hours after a Sunday tweet in which he referred to the special counsel team as a “gang
 Barr to make the full report public and provide its underlying documentation and findings to Congress,” they said “Attorney General Barr must not give President Trump, his lawyers or his staff any ‘sneak preview’ of Special Counsel Mueller’s findings or evidence, and the White House must not be allowed to interfere in decisions about what parts of those findings or evidence are made public
But if Kavanaugh is confirmed, there will be five reliably Constitutionalist justices on the bench, who are unlikely to tolerate judicial usurpation of Congress’s law-making powers That’s why this current nomination is a hill the Dems are willing to beclown themselves on
” So seriously that J Street can't decide what to do about a politician who defends a Hitler-lover and raises the Jewish Question
Trump said Tuesday that he's "looking into" the idea, saying making 3D plastic guns available to the public "doesn't seem to make much sense!" Doesn't make much sense?
They cannot agree on the Scriptures They cannot agree on the person and work of Jesus the Christ
I mean, after all, Barack Hussein Obama Soetoro Sobarkah is out of office so these things aren't really going on in America, right? Here's the thing, while this is making major news, you should be reminded that for decades, at least 22 verified Islamic jihadi camps have existed on American soil under the watchful, or maybe not so watchful, eye of the FBI, including one in the very country I reside in within eyeshot of a nuclear power plant
 Code § 793(f) for a finding of criminal conduct Comey’s substitution of a legally meaningless phrase, “extremely careless,” for the “gross negligence” statutory legal standard he had originally used, had the effect of prejudging the facts in Hillary Clinton’s favor
" In speaking about the rules and regulations the White House is writing up, Trump added, "We’re writing them now
Or is it not so that it is both negligent and uncharitable for some bishops to refuse to inform their faithful that according to the Church's own infallible teaching, everlasting damnation is the price to be paid for this kind of inclusivity and toleration? And if the episcopal retort is going to be that this acceptance refers only to chaste homosexuals, then we call FOUL even louder since this crosses the line into willful deception
"I would have quickly picked someone else So much time and money wasted, so many lives ruined
For the best part of a decade, any claims by Assange’s supporters that avoiding this fate was the reason Assange originally sought asylum in the embassy was ridiculed by corporate journalists, not least at the Guardian Even when a United Nations panel of experts in international law ruled in 2016 that Assange was being arbitrarily – and unlawfully – detained by the UK, Guardian writers led efforts to discredit the UN report
” But O’Gorman added: “(The pope) begs for forgiveness, but still does not admit or own the deliberate policy of cover up designed & implemented by the #Vatican
* * * The public defender wasted no time in focusing his thoughts on President Trump and his administration…saying Zarate was “extremely relieved” by the outcome and that while Steinle’s death “was a horrible tragedy,” it was used as “political fodder for then candidate Donald Trump’s anti-immigration agenda
For heaven’s sake, the men who govern the Church today require a Vatican summit meeting to agonize over whether serial child molesters should be defrocked From the Vatican on down, through deliberate decisions and criminal neglect, the servitors of Vatican II have laid waste to the liturgy, the perennial clarity of Catholic teaching, the Church’s militant opposition to worldly thinking, the traditional formation in seminaries, the religious orders, the missions, the trust of the faithful in their own priests—in short, the very life of the Church—and dare to call it a renewal
They want to preserve the FBI’s reputation They don’t care to see Trump vindicated
 2 Turkish authorities and media have said audio recordings show that Khashoggi was tortured and beheaded inside the consulate, although the recordings have not been released
And it starts to suggest an answer, or at least a line of inquiry, about why so little was actually accomplished in his long tenure With the “arch-conservative” “Rottweiler” Ratzinger in CDF, why do we have the situation we have today?
” - Cardinal Raymond Burke’s statement declares: “The declarations made by a prelate of the authority of Archbishop Carlo Maria Viganò must be totally taken to heart by those responsible in the Church
In the press release Sheriff Hogrefe said, “That all changed for me when a message was forwarded to us from a Georgia Detective that we reasonably believed came from someone at the compound – the message sent to a third party simply said in part “we are starving and need food and water” I absolutely knew that we couldn’t wait on another agency to step up and we had to go check this out as soon as possible, so I began working on a search warrant right after I got that intercepted message – it had to be a search warrant and a tactical approach for our own safety because we had learned the occupants were most likely heavily armed and considered extremist of the Muslim belief
Conroy warned it is inevitable that the plague will spread due to the vast movement of people across the globe “I believe that it’s 100 percent likely that plague will arrive in the UK once more – it’s just a question of ‘when’, not ‘if’
Bookmark them and visit regularly – if they have ads, your visits help them to make the money they need to stay afloat Share their articles on your own social media accounts
” “Tower Hamlets is home to one of the country’s most diverse communities,” the motion begins, adding that it “has the highest percentage of Muslim residents in England – 35 per cent compared with the national average of 5 per cent” After several paragraphs of platitudes about “community cohesion” and “diversity”, it says “this Council notes with shock and alarm the decision by Donald Trump, President of the United States, to ‘retweet’ Islamophobic propaganda from the Britain First Twitter account”
“Puerto Rico has experienced a natural disaster of a magnitude not seen in over a century, and we are doing everything possible to address the needs of the American citizens of Puerto Rico during this time of crisis,” Rosselló wrote “However, the unprecedented level of destruction, coupled with the almost complete shut-down of business in Puerto Rico, have made it impossible for us to meet the considerable human needs without the measures proposed above,” he added
Smith adds that because not all Democratic voters are the same, that the Gillum campaign needs to appeal to “white guilt” to turn out the vote: SMITH: “You have to appeal to white guilt… [be]cause that’s what it is
Retailing these poisonous lies ought to hurt her chances for election to Congress, especially after the Pittsburgh synagogue massacre But she is a Leftist, and the Left is increasingly anti-Semitic, so she will cruise to victory
Many races were annihilated The Auschwitz camp, which is in southern Poland, was a major and exceptional camp for detention, torture, and forced labor
Gillum is a “crazy, crazy,” Democrat Smith also explains Gillum’s political worldview, saying that “Gillum is a progressive… He is a part of the crazy crazy crazies
” From dozens of eyewitness reports, including Suchomel’s, that clearly indicate the presence of multiple shooters, to the possibility of helicopters being used in the attack, the American people are clearly not being told the truth
2 Anything a Republican president does is exactly like the Holocaust
Civil magistrates have a divine duty to “execute wrath upon him that doeth evil ” Anyone who teaches that they have authority to execute wrath upon "him that doeth good” is ignorant and uneducated in their misleadings (1 John 4:6)
SOLOMON: We are at a little disadvantage right now, because we don’t have those records, and also the records that Congress needs to go get, but I can tell you I have a person quoted in my story who has direct knowledge of what the Justice Department knew This person said without a shred of doubt, we knew in 2009 a year before CFIUS ruled that Thomas were engaged in criminality, without a shadow of a doubt, we knew that Russia was trying to gain a corner on the U
When he says that Muslims never killed Jews just for being Jews, he is lying, and relying on the historical ignorance of his audience In my new book The History of Jihad From Muhammad to ISIS , I detail many instances in which Muslims did exactly that
” The American people are not going to put up with this any longer
The latter [Maradiaga] is so confident of the Pope’s protection that he can dismiss as “gossip” the heartfelt appeals of dozens of his seminarians, who found the courage to write to him after one of them tried to commit suicide over homosexual abuse in the seminary By now the faithful have well understood Maradiaga’s strategy: insult the victims to save himself, lie to the bitter end to cover up a chasm of abuses of power, of mismanagement in the administration of Church property, and of financial disasters even against close friends, as in the case of the Ambassador of Honduras Alejandro Valladares, former Dean of the Diplomatic Corps to the Holy See
Although health officials have said that internationally, the threat is still fairly low, they’ve also said no one in Madagascar is safe, including travelers, spiking concerns over a possible global pandemic Madagascar Hospitals On High Alert: ‘No One Is Safe’ From The Black Plague
) If Muslims sincerely condemn jihad terror and sharia oppression, they shouldn’t oppose him
54 Years Ago Today: Government & Media Created & Spread ‘Fake News’ to Start Vietnam War If you are to believe the official story, one of America’s deadliest wars in history, Vietnam, was started after the United States had been attacked in the Gulf of Tonkin in the South China Sea
Nothing done in Helsinki made life easier for the Putin regime in its continued economic decay and diplomatic isolation due to the sanctions regime Any intellectually honest review of the last decade of foreign policy would lead one to admit that President Trump has most assuredly been tougher on Putin and Russia than Obama ever was
 Ford may be overestimating the integrity of the "supportive" lawmakers and lawyers currently handling her Watch all these sensitive lawmakers and high profile, activist attorneys scatter like mice from her once the Senate vote is over (regardless of the result)
Who are these bishops that think they can play fast and loose not only with the moral theology of the Catholic Church, but also with the immortal souls of their flock? Is it any wonder that priests and laity alike are changing their attitude on the "gay lifestyle" and violations of the Sixth Commandment when so many bishops are working to remove the stigma attached to this sin that Scripture tells us cries to heaven for vengeance?
Now it’s clear why They wanted to hold off as long as possible on identifying this terrorist as another Muslim, and this as another jihad terror attack
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use As long as Dwight and Steven Hammond remain in jail for what is obviously a gross miscarriage of justice, this matter remains a blight on the federal regulatory agencies and the criminal justice system
The settlement was approved by a federal judge Becerra’s statement, “it needlessly endangered our children, our loved ones and our men and women in law enforcement,” is preposterous left-wing political argle-bargle
Ford claims to be a victim of attempted rape; Hill claims to have been a victim of sexual harassment in the workplace Only left-wingers and feminists like Maureen Dowd still believe Hill, now an utterly undistinguished politically correct scholar who discredited herself by –among other things— following her then-boss Thomas as his subordinate when he switched jobs
San Francisco prosecutors, who had long ago deprioritized marijuana charges, dismissed the decades-old charge and released Garcia Zarate on April 15, 2015 Due to San Francisco's policy of limiting cooperation with federal immigration authorities — which some refer to as a "sanctuary" policy — the city did not inform ICE when they released Garcia Zarate
That means they didn’t find an ISIS membership card in his wallet, or lots of phone calls to Iraq or Syria, or a note from Kazi reading, “I did this for Allah and Islam Allahu akbar
I might suggest he is a renegade now DB: It was hysterical to watch these four armed guards who kept shouting “Stop resisting, stop resisting!” and they are beating the hell out of him!
Apparently British authorities decided that it would be too politically costly for them to bar Wilders again And so he entered, and spoke, and gave them a strong dose of the reality that they are determined to ignore and deny
” Again, if you liked Obama-era, world-on-fire, Russians everywhere State Department shenanigans, this is your guy
The Goal Of Eliminating Guns Is Ultimately A Fool’s Errand It is said that the DOJ's recent settlement with start-up company Defense Distributed (DD) essentially deals a death blow to gun control advocates
” Martin thus revels in smug certitude that the future of the universal Church is in the hands of legions of intrinsically disordered homosexual bishops and priests and their homosexual successors, who will perpetuate an existing worldwide homosexual network, and that there is absolutely nothing we can or should do about it
Sixteen years later, the homosexual predator McCarrick has finally been exposed to the world, stripped of his cardinal’s hat and deprived of any ministry, but only after international media coverage of the Vatican’s semi-secret finding that McCarrick had raped a teenage altar boy 47 years ago If not for that one case, McCarrick’s sixty years of homosexual debauchery might well have gone unpunished in this world and he would have died still possessed of all the phony honors that had been heaped upon him throughout his career as a parasite in the Body of Christ, including the favor shown to him by Bergoglio
Why did God judge Sodom and Gomorrah? It's the same reason that he is judging America today (Amos 4:12), He cannot find the righteous in order to spare her (Jeremiah 22:3)
58 dead, hundreds wounded, the savagery of the Vegas attack is unspeakable, and still the incompetent, clueless authorities know nothing That’s the information they seek to blackout
Puerto Rico’s Power Grid Failure Is Causing A Public Health Crisis Of Epic Proportions One month after the devastating Hurricane Maria wreaked havoc on the island of Puerto Rico, the territory is still facing a public health crisis
Motivated, therefore, by love and concern for souls, I stand with those calling for justice to be done upon the guilty The sins and crimes of McCarrick, and of far too many others in the Church, bring suspicion and mistrust upon many good and virtuous priests, bishops, and cardinals, and suspicion and mistrust upon many great and respectable seminaries and so many holy and faithful seminarians
Why should we be fighting a battle or encouraging, funding, and I'm quite sure arming, a rebellion? Where is that authorized in our Constitution?
 Ford and Judge Kavanaugh do testify, the senators deciding on whether to confirm Judge Kavanaugh as well as the American public following the testimony must remember one cardinal rule In a nation guided by fairness and law, a person is innocent until proven guilty
Tell that to the four cardinals, the 800,000 faithful, the 45 theologians and the 61 other original signers of the correctio, all of whom you insult with your superficial and I must say entirely sophistical attempt to explain away what Francis is clearly doing Irony of ironies, the latter-day Pharisees and legalists Francis sees around every corner are hard at work defending Amoris Laetitia at the very moment it is being cited by bishop after bishop as their sole authority for admitting public adulterers to Holy Communion---while Francis does nothing but approve
On the other hand, this focus allows the administration to perpetuate the destructive fantasy that there are other types of “extremists” — who just happen to be the Left’s political opponents — that pose a great threat to the country For example, as Stephen Coughlin has revealed, the “violent extremists” the administration is clearly worried about are the “right-wing Islamophobes” whom the administration obviously considers to be the real threat to American security
Soon after taking office, Trump noted that “Iran [was] playing with fire” and added that he wouldn’t be as “kind” to the mullahs as Obama was This wasn’t empty rhetoric
Ford claims to be a victim of attempted rape; Hill claims to have been a victim of sexual harassment in the workplace Only left-wingers and feminists like Maureen Dowd still believe Hill, now an utterly undistinguished politically correct scholar who discredited herself by –among other things— following her then-boss Thomas as his subordinate when he switched jobs
com/HZf3LBeAgk — Mike Tokes (@MikeTokes) October 29, 2017 This stunning tower audio once again provides proof that the entire narrative that claims that Stephen Paddock operated alone from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Hotel is complete nonsense and that authorities are actually actively covering up what really happened on that fateful night
99 Buy New $45 86 (as of 09:30 EDT - Details) And this right after Trump and his neocon minions reneged on the sensible nuclear treaty with Iran
That's not unique Selecting the Jews, based on race, for extermination is more of the reason why the term Nazi is not a positive one
Turkish officials have described — but have not released — what they say are audio and video recordings that show the 60-year-old contributor to the Washington Post opinion pages was interrogated, tortured and killed by Saudi intelligence officers inside the consulate Turkish officials say Khashoggi’s body was cut up with a bone saw, then taken out of the building
54 Affiliation is a particular form of help that the Holy See establishes in particular situations in favor of the community of a monastery sui juris which has only an asserted autonomy, but in reality, very precarious or, in fact, non-existent 55 Affiliation is configured as a juridical support that must assess whether the inability to manage the life of the autonomous monastery in all its dimensions is only temporary or is irreversible, helping the community of the affiliated monastery to overcome difficulties or to put in place what is necessary to bring about the suppression of this monastery
American comedians need to start writing scripts that follow in Maher’s footsteps and Americans need to encourage and equip them to do so – and to also vigorously defend them from the attacks and slanders they will inevitably receive from totalitarian leftist and Islamic forces Facebook Bans Outline to Stop Jihadi Attacks on Americans.
Let the Americans, who relish playing empire, pay for NATO Second, in a reflexive response to 9/11, we invaded Afghanistan and Iraq, dumped over the regime in Libya, armed rebels to overthrow Bashar Assad in Syria, and backed Saudi intervention in a Yemeni civil war, creating a humanitarian crisis in that poorest of Arab countries that is exceeded in horrors only by the Syrian civil war
Imagine spending all that time studying Islam and yet still misunderstanding its true, peaceful message We can only hope that learned imams such as Pope Francis and H
It disregarded and left out the denials the subjects of the story had issued before it was published The Guardian has become a main outlet for British government disinformation operations aimed at defaming Russia
 126) Wills concludes: “The Qur’an is not as absolute as this, because it always leaves room for God’s inexhaustible mercy and forgiveness” (p
Why is it so much easier to jail Tommy Robinson? “Why is it so easy to jail a man for leaving bacon at a mosque, but so difficult to jail jihadis who preach murder and death to the British people?"
" Acosta ignorantly blathered on to reporters when he returned to the White House Friday after the court ruling, incorrectly claiming he won a great First Amendment victory
” That’s just what they claimed about Pamela Geller and me: that our visit could cause violence and disrupt community cohesion
We’ll house, feed and clothe you and look after your retirement ’ The new arrangement is a perversion of that: ‘Keep quiet and go along with it all and you’ll be fine, but step an inch out of line and we’ll destroy you
But I think that if they directed this question to all of the priests who are under 50 years of age, they would find that fifty percent [have lost the faith in the Real Presence], because the young priests have no faith No faith
Despite cops rallying behind the blue line to defend this killer cop, the rest of the country is not buying it In a damning tweet, writer Kashana Cauley summed up the nature of the smear campaign quite succinctly
A brief recap of Jamie's story: on Sept  11, the 17th Anniversary of the 9/11 terror strike, Facebook's Unholy Alliance masters informed Jamie that he was suspended from Facebook for 30 days due to his posting of his article, 9 Steps to Successfully Counter Jihad, which Facebook informed him violated their "community standards
Since Donald Trump mentioned the case, former vice-presidential candidate Matt Gonzalez had to establish the complete innocence of the shooter That explains the effort of “The Great Left Hope” to have his client’s felony gun possession conviction tossed
To take one of innumerable examples, Sharaf ad-Din Ali Yazdi, a fifteenth-century Persian who wrote a biography of the Mongol Muslim warrior Tamerlane, observed that “the Qur’an says the highest dignity man can attain is that of making war in person against the enemies of his religion Muhammad advises the same thing, according to the tradition of the Muslim doctors: wherefore the great Temur always strove to exterminate the infidels, as much to acquire that glory, as to signalise himself by the greatness of his conquests
“This is also sexual exploitation of children in a grooming gang, a predator priest This is why it is so heinous
” My emergence from The Matrix began with Thurmond’s pat on my shoulder
Nearly five hours of unprecedented and surreal talks between US President Donald Trump and North Korea's Kim Jong Un culminated on Tuesday with fulsome declarations of a new friendship but just vague pledges of nuclear disarmament For Trump, that amounted to a triumphant outcome in his extraordinary gamble with the rogue kingdom's despotic leader
These pardons cleanse another stain from our nation's history in the dark years of Obama The Hammond Pardons Bring Justice to Obama's Victims
Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer Ramadan Jihad 2018 Death Toll So Far Is 218
Concerned clergy and laity throughout the Catholic world are doing what they can according to their stations But in the midst of that “final battle” over marriage and family of which Sister Lucia warned the late Cardinal Caffarra in light of the Third Secret of Fatima, within the human element of the Church only the cardinals and the bishops possess the divinely bestowed power to repel an assault on marriage, family and the very integrity of the Faith that is now, for the first time in Church history, being led by a Roman Pontiff
The FBI’s spy… According to Bloomberg, the DOJ is interpreting Trump’s request to include information about the use of confidential informant (spy) Stephan Halper during the early stages of the Trump-Russia investigation
In that case, it would be imperative that the CIA and the military keep as tight a lid on their records as possible to ensure that investigators or investigative reporters would have a difficult time piercing through to the circumstantial evidence that establishes the frame-up As part of the frame-up, the CIA would have to fortify the persona of Oswald, its intelligence agent, as a purported communist
” This conclusion defies common sense Gross negligence is not the same as willful intent, which Comey and his team sought to conflate in exonerating Hillary Clinton before the investigation was concluded
David Duke, the white supremacist icon and former Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan, has been denounced by many as a hatemonger, and rightfully so However, one individual who represents the Muslim community of South Florida, Sofian Zakkout, is enamored with Duke and has been promoting Duke’s bigoted work for many years
The vaccine requires storage at a temperature between -60 and -80 degrees C, tricky in a country with unreliable electricity “We Now Have Urban Ebola” In Congo, WHO Warns Of “Potentially Explosive Increase” In Cases
Indeed! Free Tommy Robinson now!
20,000 people came out to call for Tommy’s release, and Wilders took the opportunity to put the political elites of Britain and continental Europe on notice “Our governments,” Wilders declared, “sold us out with mass immigration
So crazy he tried to contrive an alibi for his crime Kobili isn't crazy
“It was a foolish mistake by a very young man,” Saucier’s lawyer, Greg Rinckey, said “It’s a very sad case because Kristian Saucier is a fine young man
 Bush/Barack Obama era foreign policy and intelligence doctrines aren’t going anywhere under Trump Trump fires Tillerson, replaces with former top spook
Yet, they have no testimony of the power of God unto salvation by the cross because they do not practice what Christ required: “Deny yourselves and take up your cross and follow Me” (Matthew 16:24; Romans 1:16; 2 Corinthians 5:15, 13:4-5; Galatians 2:21) Professed Christians in America today talk much of love through inaction, and yet know nothing of it (1 John 3:18)
Fox News notes that ICE officials are asking the Department of Justice to look into whether she broke any laws by doing so ICE reports that 864 illegal immigrants with criminal convictions and other public safety threats "remain at large" in the area -- an indeterminate number of whom may have been tipped off by a Democrat mayor who betrayed the law-abiding citizens of Northern California
And when Pharaoh refused, God plagued the Pharaoh and the Egyptians and set His children free Think of this, the meekest man alive was sent to the face of the Pharaoh to tell him to obey or else
” “To have a federal president who can decide to take the novices away, or take all our finances, or tell the Holy See we’re no longer ‘viable’ – this is a disaster
But to say God completely destroyed two cities and all their inhabitants for being inhospitable clearly misses the point While Sodom and Gomorrah were guilty of many other horrendous sins, homosexuality was the reason God poured fiery sulfur on the cities, completely destroying them and all of their inhabitants
Democrats’ search and destroy strategy is disgraceful and this process has been a total sham and effort to delay, obstruct, and resist The Senate must vote!”
40 caliber pistol, stolen from a Bureau of Land Management officer, and fired the shot that killed Kate Steinle, only 32 years old The Mexican nation and career criminal enjoyed all the rights of the American legal system, the presumption of innocence, and a high-profile defense attorney funded by American taxpayers
” In 2016, I wrote that Francis’ Apostolic Constitution, “Vultum dei quaerere” was in some respects the most damaging object of the wrecking-ball pontificate to date
Second, it’s simply not going to work In Germany, in the US, in Canada, in Italy, in Britain… throughout the Church in the 1st world, and in much of it elsewhere, the men in charge of the “institutional Church” – that is, whose names are on the bank accounts – are dedicated to the destruction of everything we want to preserve
"] In another setback for the propaganda machine gearing up to impeach Viganò’s testimony, the Catholic Herald has just reported that Cardinal Wuerl must have known full well from Viganò himself that McCarrick was under Pope Benedict’s papal sanctions on account of his sexual misconduct because, as an Archdiocesan spokesman now confirms, at Viganò’s request as then papal nuncio Wuerl had to cancel a public appearance by McCarrick not long before Bergoglio’s election
An outbreak of the plague in Madagascar is spreading at an unprecedented rate With the ease of spreading the plague, the likelihood that this disease will move to other more densely populated regions of the planet has become a huge concern for many
Conspiracy Theorists Seize on Mesa Man Who Sold Ammo to Las Vegas Shooter Thanks to crackpots online, a Mesa man has become embroiled in conspiracy theories after he sold ammunition to the Las Vegas mass shooter
He will then be extradited from London to the USA on charges of espionage Assange is not a whistleblower or a spy – he is the greatest publisher of his age, and has done more to bring the crimes of governments to light than the mainstream media will ever be motivated to achieve
The ship has extensive space and equipment for trauma care and a large staff, but CNN reported that as of last Tuesday, only 33 of 250 beds were full The looming crisis seems to be getting worse, not better, and Puerto Rico is experiencing a medical crisis of epic proportions
The unmasking of McCarrick exposed the pervasive prelate coverup of homosexual sexual predation in the American Catholic Church These swarmy power brokers have colluded far too long at the tragic expense of innocent boys and seminarians
But firing Mueller would likely send a signal to Democrats that the White House is worried about potential blowback from a Manafort conviction just three months before the congressional midterm elections Still, Trump went all-in with a new intensity on Wednesday, opening up on Mueller and his team with both barrels of his massive Twitter following
 Merkel or President Macron Take notice: the future is ours and not yours
Police are still investigating whether or not Paddock acted alone They believe he may have had an accomplice based on the elaborate planning needed to undertake such a massacre and the fact that some ammunition was purchased under someone else’s name
) If Muslims sincerely condemn jihad terror and sharia oppression, they shouldn’t oppose him
After the Trumpian revolt, there is no going back As that most American of writers, Thomas Wolfe, put it, "You can't go home again
Deep State Insurrection Defying POTUS Trump’s Order Deep State officials like ex-CIA chief John Brennan are in panic mode
It grew with my time at the Wall Street Journal when I learned that some truthful things simply could not be said In the Treasury I experienced how those outside interests opposed to a president’s policy marshall their forces and the media that they own to block it
The committee also voted against Senator Richard Blumenthal (D-CT) and his motion to subpoena Mark Judge before the committee While Democrats appeared stunned, specifically self-professed sexual assaulter Cory Booker and Kamila Harris, that they were in the minority and couldn't control things despite eight years under the Obama regime where Republicans were subjected to far worse, the vote carried and Kavanaugh will be voted on in the US Senate
” Ex-Muslim Catholics to Pope Francis: “Naiveté in the face of Islam is suicidal and very dangerous”
We’ll stop it,” Strzok responded… The inspector general concluded that Strzok’s text, along with others disparaging Trump, “is not only indicative of a biased state of mind but, even more seriously, implies a willingness to take official action to impact the presidential candidate’s electoral prospects
” In his Twitter post, Trump also blasted the 17 angry Democrats that are doing a conflicted Mueller’s dirty work
I’m not sure we’re doing just fine, but Trump is right that the real problem is jihad terror and Sharia supremacism, and British authorities want to ignore that and shoot the messenger And so Chris Bryant, “a senior Labour backbencher, has written to May urging her to go further, and issue an official ban on Donald Trump from entering the UK on the grounds he is condoning fascism and his presence is ‘not conducive to the public good’, a senior Labour MP has said
They are fully in support of violating the Fifth Amendment rights of otherwise law-abiding citizens based on merely the fact that someone claims that a family member is a harm to themselves or others, even though they have not committed a crime This is the Trump, "Take the guns first and then due process" mantra
They made money, often big money, while WikiLeaks and Assange struggled to survive With not a penny going to WikiLeaks, a hyped Guardian book led to a lucrative Hollywood movie deal
"Many, all too many, of them want to overwhelm German values, and European values in general, with sharia values They are in Europe to conquer and Islamize it, with willing and eager help from Europe’s short-sighted, self-serving, internationalist intelligentsia
The only answer that comes to mind is that Jesus wants to manifest just how weak is the faith of many within the Church, even among too many of her bishops Ironically, your pontificate has given those who hold harmful theological and pastoral views the license and confidence to come into the light and expose their previously hidden darkness…
In the meantime, Kobili Traore put on new clothes and climbed out of the window to reach Sarah Halimi’s apartment, which was at the same level as Diara Traore’s He allegedly assaulted the Jewish woman and hit her mercilessly
) Although the conspiracy theory is baseless nonsense, it continues to dog the Trump administration, providing cable television news outlets and late-night talk show hosts with endless fodder in the 24-hour news cycle
"Of course we will fight, and use ever stronger legal tools The first is our 'Stop Soros' law
The man, a former Marine who called himself Rick, says he was Paddock’s neighbor between December 2015 and June 2016 in Mesquite, Nevada “I can tell you 100% this is not that kind of guy,” said Rick, adding that he would see Paddock every other day and that the two would go to a local bar and play slot machines
The is zero evidence in the Politico screed that supports its suggestions and claims It is fake news about a fake news story
I would love to believe that the fact Julian has never met Manafort is bound to be established But I fear that state control of propaganda may be such that this massive “Big Lie” will come to enter public consciousness in the same way as the non-existent Russian hack of the DNC servers
Today, right now, at this moment, we are faced with a massive effort of the military/security complex, the neoconservatives, the Democratic Party, and the presstitute media to discredit the elected President of the United States and to overthrow him in order that the utterly corrupt elite that rule American can continue to hold on to power and to protect the massive budget of the military/security complex that, along with the Israel Lobby, funds the elections of those who rule us Trump, like Reagan, was an exception, and it is the exceptions that accumulate the ire of the corrupt leftwing, bought off with money, and the ire of the media, concentrated into small tight ownership groups indebted to those who permitted the illegal concentration of a once independent and diverse American media that once served, on occasion, as a watchdog over government
He corrupted generations of seminarians and priests and Pope Benedict ordered him to withdraw to a life of prayer and penance ” The Pope did not make the slightest comment about those very grave words of mine and did not show any expression of surprise on his face, as if he had already known the matter for some time, and he immediately changed the subject
[Judge Orders Potential Release Of Hundreds Of Illegals From Iraq, by Stephen Dinan, Washington Times, January 3, 2018] He is ordering the release of hundreds of Iraqi illegal aliens and criminal aliens, all because he wants them to have another bite at the apple--they, like the Indonesians, lost claims to political asylum years ago
Even so, Morphonious still parlayed an innocent-until-proven-guilty stance into a 30-minute dissertation where he discussed a "shadow government in the United States" in the context of Haig's work for companies like Northrop Grumman "Did he know something that Stephen Paddock was going to do?
GoFundMe has also banned Spencer because of a smear by the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) hate machine Speaking of Mastercard, the David Horowitz Freedom Center just recently won a major battle with the credit card, defeating well-financed leftwing groups that are trying to run the Center out of business and suffocate free speech in America
None of these statements can be backed up by facts The facts refute their arguments, but beyond that, the Second Amendment recognizes the right to keep and bear arms is a right given to us by our Creator, not a permission we gain from government
This woman wouldn't even concede! Talk about a poor sport, but Democrats are often like that in these races
(This will be a part of Gorka’s suggested counter-propaganda campaign discussed in Step #5) Spencer rightly stresses that the paradigm has to become that Muslim communities have to win the “trust” of intelligence and law enforcement agents, rather than the other way around, which is, absurdly and tragically, the case right now
Implement a Concrete “Countering-Jihad” Strategy After discarding the “Countering Violent Extremism” absurdity, a concrete Counter-Jihad strategy must become an official policy
Jim Acosta and CNN continue to lie, just like they have for decades, and here's the proof Look how they doctored the video to not show what clearly took place and then lied about it, and I suppose Fox falls right in line with that behavior
” Students are made to write out the Shahada, which states: “There is no god but Allah, and Muhammad is the messenger of Allah ”This is exactly what I warned about in my book, Stop the Islamization of America: A Practical Guide to the Resistance , in the chapter “The Mosqueing of the Public Schools
From Greenwald’s article: This is more of the same old, same old going on, and it looks like it’s about to get a lot worse
Do these that teach such heresy not realize that every apostle, except John, was killed by hostile corrupt civil authorities opposed to their endeavors? Christians throughout history were imprisoned, tortured, or killed by corrupt civil authorities of all stripes for refusing to submit to their various, lawless policies and prohibitions
93 (as of 01:15 EDT - Details) She describes this assistance as a “silent donation” Mario then says that Google helped Voto Latino create ad campaigns to promote those rides Now officially Voto Latino is a non-partisan entity, but that is a sham
” In April 2016, Zakkout promoted a report discussing the absurd notion of Jewish involvement in the September 11th attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon
” “Governments in this country and across Europe are now the enemies of their own people, [and] they promote policies that are against the interests of their own people,” he railed — citing efforts to sabotage Brexit, uncontrolled mass migration, and what he described as “Islamisation” in particular," he said
Throughout the day, Trump and Kim's body language was openly friendly, a striking warmth given Kim's iron grip on power and dismal record on human rights Trump's move to meet him attracted fierce criticism for normalizing a regime routinely called out for its human rights abuses, that over years has built an image of fearsome renegade regime, throwing around threats of nuclear war
Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer Pope Francis Denounces “Murderous Indifference” To Persecution Of Christians, Of Which He Is A Chief Architect
Yes, that’s what it said Here’s my translation:
For this, we were banned When Prime Minister Theresa May, who was the head of the Home Office when she banned us and was thus directly responsible for the ban, threw us under the bus in order to satiate savages who threatened violence, did she really think she or anyone would be safe?
Official figures reveal at least 2,034 people have been infected with the “medieval disease” so far in what has been described as the “worst outbreak in 50 years ” The black death outbreak has so far claimed at least 165 lives
S  can be laid by strictly legal means … We have a well-organized political-action group in this country, determined to destroy our Constitution and establish a one-party state … It operates secretly, silently, continuously to transform our Government … This ruthless power-seeking elite is a disease of our century… This group … is answerable neither to the President, the Congress, nor the courts
(Rao, Black Legends, 147-148) As the cited article on the Synod of Sutri notes, although the scurrilous Benedict IX objected to his deposition by the Synod, “the Church has always accepted his deposition as valid
Inzoli was found guilty in 2012 by an ecclesiastical court of abusing boys as young as twelve and suspended Inzoli had even abused boys in the confessional, convincing them that the abuse was approved by God
And, by doing so, took on Trump publicly in a way few Republicans in Washington have during his turbulent 19-month-old presidency “I took control of the Department of Justice the day I was sworn in, which is why we have had unprecedented success at effectuating the President’s agenda — one that protects the safety and security and rights of the American people, reduces violent crime, enforces our immigration laws, promotes economic growth, and advances religious liberty,” the AG said in a statement
” Even if one explains this behavior as the natural reaction of a frightened teenager to a highly traumatic incident, that does not explain why, by her own admission, she “told no one of the incident in any detail until 2012, when she was in couples therapy with her husband,” according to the Washington Post article Most revealingly, the article reported on a gaping hole in the therapist’s notes, portions of which were provided by Ms
The new wave of allegations has called Pope Francis’s handling of abuse into question as many Catholics look to him to help the church regain its credibility The pope’s track record has been mixed, something some outsiders attribute to his learning curve or shortcomings and others chalk up to resistance from a notoriously change-averse institution
In either case, it is very sad that a little boy lost his life, possibly at the hands of his Islamic father and others Justice should be served swift, and I don't mean a lengthy jail term
But the appeal did not gain much traction until Trump took office "I have a sense that things are moving forward and I have faith in our president,” Susie Hammond, the wife and mother of the imprisoned ranchers, told The Oregonian last month
Clinton City… Moving on to Haspel, who will now be heading the CIA, nothing’s looking any brighter
But a judge requested a second series of tests, which determined that the Malian immigrant was not able to stand trial, 20 Minutes reported Wednesday “We do not understand the determination and procrastination that consistently seeks to turn this killer into a demented person, when he is a murderer whose presumed detention doesn’t even hide his hateful anti-Semitism,” CRIF’s Francis Kalifat wrote
This blessing – which is not related to their acts – is being received also by all the other sinners, and the Church thereby hopes that they will convert under the influence of God's Grace! This position which is really simple and easily to be understood has been clearly and convincingly presented – since the statement of the two bishops [Marx and Bode] – by several Christians: by Archbishops Ludwig Schick (Germany) and Charles Chaput (USA); by the German-speaking theologians Hubert Windisch and Markus Büning
We must ask God to put an end to this crisis of the Church Because if this crisis continues, many people will go to hell
Molester McCarrick: I hope I am Influential Roman: Talk him up
year-over-year, in March and April, respectively It’s hard to believe with the evaporation of the Trump Effect, but less than six months ago we were seeing to year-over-year declines in the immigrant workforce population
Jimenez was later arrested and shortly thereafter fired from his job for ripping off Richard’s hat and stealing it “This is gonna go right in my f**king fireplace, b***h,” Jimenez said, acting like a bully for stealing a teenager’s hat
"The Kate Steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected Obama border, always committing crimes and being violent, and yet this info was not used in court His exoneration is a complete travesty of justice
The irony is that no one told these journalists what to do I call them Vichy journalists — after the Vichy government that served and enabled the German occupation of wartime France
In short, the FBI had ample evidence of the Russian bribery plot before the Obama administration approved the Uranium One deal thanks to their embedded mole in the Russian nuclear industry The informant – outed as energy consultant William Campbell – was “threatened” by Obama admin AG Loretta Lynch to keep quiet with an iron-clad gag order, according to his attorney – former Reagan Justice Dept
Mueller is ‘looking for trouble,’ Trump says cryptically WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump continued bashing Robert S
Estimates of the cost of a US invasion of North Korea have run as high as 250,000 US casualties and tens of billions of dollars Seemingly heedless of these hard facts, President Trump – who himself avoided national military service in the 1960’s – keeps beating the war drums over North Korea and needling its thin-skinned regime with naval exercises, over-flights, and intensifying bombast
Good! Thank God, Georgia didn't elect this peach
 (KGO) — A man who drove into Travis AFB has been identified as 51-year-old Hafiz Kazi, two sources with knowledge of the probe tell ABC News The sources described Kazi as a “nomad” and a “vagabond,” who lived in many places
In this I speak of all sin But to be clear, in the specific situations at hand, we are talking about deviant sexual — almost exclusively homosexual — acts by clerics
” “No evidence…” Lie big, lie often, and when caught, keep lying
After this speech, there was an uprising among the bishops of the preparatory committee who demanded that the schema – that had taken years to develop – be abandoned This was done, over Ottaviani’s futile objections, and new documents were rapidly cobbled together by a coalition of German and French “progressives” who rejoiced that they had, in effect, seized control of the Council from that moment, before it had even started
S  market, get a strong hold on our uranium, and without a doubt we knew they were using political levers to try to get their way here
, served as a firing range and training camp to carry out an attack as part of a religious prophecy According to the indictment, some of the minors were being prepared “to engage in jihad and … to die as martyrs
The ADL described the video as “venomous ” In October 2015, Zakkout praised Duke, as “David Duke, a man to believe in!”
Becerra’s statement, “it needlessly endangered our children, our loved ones and our men and women in law enforcement,” is preposterous left-wing political argle-bargle I suspect the Washington judge’s stay will be overturned on appeal, but certainly will if it makes it to the Supreme Court
And in 2020, The Trumpinator is gonna do it again He’ll be back
Two DREAMERs Caught Smuggling Illegal Aliens Or rather, "Two illegal aliens caught smuggling less glamorous illegal aliens
Victor said his client sold ammunition to Paddock once and doesn't believe they have communicated since "He is as connected (to Paddock) as the guy who sold him a hamburger for lunch," Victor said
They were likely prompted by the start of the trial on Tuesday of Paul Manafort, Trump’s former campaign chairman, on 18 charges of tax evasion, bank fraud and conspiracy “This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further
Former three-term Rep  John Delaney wrote the “patriotic action for the Attorney General is to release the entire Mueller Report to the American people
October 11, 2018, will be remembered in history as the day the tech giants attempted to wipe out independent, liberty-minded, antiwar media from the airwaves On Thursday, in a coordinated effort, hundreds of pages devoted to peace and liberty were memory-holed by social media giants
Even in the tragic affair of McCarrick, Pope Francis’s behavior was no different He knew from at least June 23, 2013 that McCarrick was a serial predator
Linda Sarsour's Mentor, The WTC Bombing & A School Shooting Plot In New Mexico When the left made Linda Sarsour into its role model, it climbed into bed with the worst of the worst
” Orban has seen the influence of George Soros and his organizations in Hungary and has openly criticized it and Soros, calling Soros a "public enemy
On on the Jewish people: “You are wicked deceivers of the American people You have sucked their blood
And that could have widespread implications A team of experts have warned that huge seismic events, including volcanic eruptions, plunging global temperatures and destabilization of the Earth’s crust will become more common after worrying changes to the surface of the Sun were recorded
The Guardian had to publish an apology The new Guardian story looked like another weak attempt to connect the alleged Russian malfeasance with Assange and the Wikileaks publishing of the DNC emails
It detailed how subversion should work Of course, they dressed it up as human rights work and so on
Thomas Weinandy, the former head of their doctrinal office It took a matter of hours for the brave defenders of the status quo to leap into action against the mild Franciscan friar’s polite plea to Pope Francis to defend the Catholic Faith and faithful
It would also explain why the CIA was closely monitoring Oswald’s movements prior to the assassination, something else that the CIA kept secret for decades They had to make certain that Oswald was not on to them and had not discovered that he was being set up for a frame-up
John Allen’s instant analysis attempting to impeach Viganò’s testimony is, as one would expect from him, a bit craftier His opinion is: “Take it seriously, but with a large grain of salt
Wilburn became the first cop in 41 years — since officer Darrell Cain murdered a 12-year-old boy in the back of his squad car — to be indicted for shooting a suspect Also in 2013, officer Cardan Spencer shot a mentally ill man in his driveway
Its job is to shore up a consensus on the left for attacks on leading threats to the existing, neoliberal order: whether they are a platform like Wikileaks promoting whistle-blowing against a corrupt western elite; or a politician like Jeremy Corbyn seeking to break apart the status quo on the rapacious financial industries or Israel-Palestine; or a radical leader like Hugo Chavez who threatened to overturn a damaging and exploitative US dominance of “America’s backyard”; or social media dissidents who have started to chip away at the elite-friendly narratives of corporate media, including the Guardian The Guardian did not make a mistake in vilifying Assange without a shred of evidence
There is no institution in America, government or private, that can be trusted Any government or person who trusts America or any Western country is stupid beyond belief
Any serious investigator would want to know who would be motivated And yet the possibility that it might be the dozen or so pissed-off people who went to work for the Clinton machine and learned from the inside that the DNC was all about getting rid of Bernie Sanders…this is not a part of the story!
3% reduction ADVANTAGE IMMIGRANTS
The circumstances pertaining to our day would therefore dictate a reassessment of the death penalty, which the new man-centered theology insists on viewing almost exclusively from the standpoint of the criminal and human society rather than from God’s At the same time, there is more and more discussion about society’s responsibility for having produced criminals in the first place, together with our moral obligation to rehabilitate them rather than to wreak what is now considered a form of fruitless, guilty “vengeance” on them
Absolutely not! Submit to those who lie continuously, to them that steal and even kill?
Graham continued, "Would you say you've been through hell?" Kavanaugh responded, "I've been through hell and then some
Now in the United States a chorus of voices is rising especially from the lay faithful, and has recently been joined by several bishops and priests, asking that all those who, by their silence, covered up McCarrick’s criminal behavior, or who used him to advance their career or promote their intentions, ambitions and power in the Church, should resign But this will not be enough to heal the situation of extremely grave immoral behavior by the clergy: bishops and priests
So if it's a suspicious site that we believe is related to its nuclear efforts, we can get access and inspect that site through the IAEA ” This was another lie
An expert is warning the plague that has sickened over 2000 people in Madagascar since August is impossible to eradicate Even though the number of those infected has dropped in recent weeks, the plague will never truly be gone
It is even expected to collide with the Milky Way years down the road If you find that fascinating, then you are going to enjoy these ten amazing facts about the Andromeda Galaxy
The Mexico City operation is a good example of that That’s why the CIA has to continue keeping those records secret
If you enjoyed Hillary Clinton’s tenure as Secretary of State, you’ll like Pompeo’s Like Clinton and her Democrat allies, Pompeo has long subscribed to the belief that Russia is perpetually meddling in U
I would love to believe that the fact Julian has never met Manafort is bound to be established But I fear that state control of propaganda may be such that this massive “Big Lie” will come to enter public consciousness in the same way as the non-existent Russian hack of the DNC servers
America's Immigration Voice. Kritarch Patti Saris thinks she runs immigration policy, right down to how many times someone can have their case reviewed, though she seems confused as to who will do the reviewing of those cases
Sister writes, “Cloistered nuns have a very full horarium that does not allow for a lot of other things We already have to deal with the million unexpected things that come up each day
Not on the unaware American people Trump has only the “deplorables,” and they are unorganized and will experience retribution once Trump is removed
Instead, they’re so hellbent on destroying President Trump that they have directed all their energy to retailing Soviet fictions and titillating porn stories House investigators found the House server was being used for nefarious purposes: the alleged Muslim spies were removing information and sending it for foreign actors
Shock: Black Death Patients Are ESCAPING The Hospital Over Fear Of Needles As Officials Worry Plague Could Spread Patients in Madagascar who are currently suffering from the plague have “escaped” multiple hospitals in the area over fears of needles and hospital treatment as a whole, according to a shocking report in The Sun newspaper
I realize it’s a challenge, but few challenges have greater payoffs in this world or the next There is no better way to keep the Catholic family together and committed to the Catholic restoration than the Catholic home school
It is time for the Democrat obstructionists to slink back into their shadowy corner The Last-Minute Character Assassination of Judge Kavanaugh
Police shot him in the leg, ruled out terrorism and blamed mental illness In December of last year, Saleh Ali, a Syrian refugee wearing a keffiyah and waving a terrorist PLO flag, went up to a Jewish restaurant in Amsterdam, shouted “Allahu Akbar” and began smashing the windows
They are entirely predictable and systematic Rather than being the reason for the Guardian violating basic journalistic standards and ethics, the paper’s hatred of Assange is a symptom of a deeper malaise in the Guardian and the wider corporate media
“I had no contribution to what Paddock did,” Haig said at the news conference “I had no way to see into his mind
Ditto for former FBI Director James Comey and one of his deputies, Andrew McCabe Trump fired Comey in May 2017 and Attorney General Jeff Sessions canned McCabe in March
— Daniel McAdams (@DanielLMcAdams) October 12, 2018 Serving as a kick in the teeth to the thousands of people who lost their livelihoods yesterday because of this purge is the fact that pages who do set out to deliberately deceive people, put out actual fake news, and slander others — like the infamous Your News Wire — remain intact and able to post
DB: Among those who should be especially horrified are those of us in the journalistic community John, I would like you to explain once again why Julian Assange is such a significant journalist, why so many journalistic institutions have collaborated with him based on the information he provided
Many people were tortured and were starved to death there […] “The Jews were banished, tortured, and annihilated because of their deeds
He asked me: “What is Cardinal Wuerl like, is he good or bad?” I replied, “Holy Father, I will not tell you if he is good or bad, but I will tell you two facts ” They are the ones I have already mentioned above, which concern Wuerl’s pastoral carelessness regarding the aberrant deviations at Georgetown University and the invitation by the Archdiocese of Washington to young aspirants to the priesthood to a meeting with McCarrick!
” In 1993, Farrakhan told women: "You're a failure if you can't keep a man
I seriously feel like buying my own damn bricks & building this damn wall myself! So flipping outraged by this unjustice!
It is a month for fighting the enemies of Allah and God’s messenger, the Jews and their American facilitators ” Referring to a jihad attack that happened at that time, the message continued: “One of our groups aided by Allah managed to bomb a bus full of Jewish tourists, plunderers of holy lands, after careful tracking
For fifty years the Democrats have proven they will demonize conservatives as racist and sexist no matter how often they bow and scrape How about acting on principle for a change and shoot the alligator
” She describes the nominee as “Brett Kavanaugh, the boy who sexually assaulted me,” and claims “Brett’s assault on me drastically altered my life,” but at the same time acknowledges “Brett did not rape me
Finally, the CIA made its request for secrecy to Trump at least several weeks ago The notion that the CIA suddenly hit Trump yesterday with a new argument as to why “national security” would be threatened, after Trump had supposedly already rejected the arguments that had been presented to him, causing Trump to suddenly change his mind, is, well, laughable
Look to their feigned strength that they profess to possess It is gauged by simply looking to the prevailing immoralities and debauchers of society
The poor, the middle income You have to whip them up into a frenzy in order for them to vote
”… Robinson was arrested, tried, and d to 13 months within an hour for simply reporting outside a criminal trial involving a Muslim rape gang at Leeds Crown Court
He was in their machinery He was providing himself and his services to the organization
The Donald Trump administration last month gave permission for Wilson to publish the blueprints, but the White House said Wednesday the president was unaware of the decision and was glad it was being reviewed Eight US states and the District of Columbia sued, arguing the blueprints could allow anyone -- from a teen to a 'lone wolf' gunman -- to make untraceable, undetectable plastic weapons
The press, secular as well as Catholic, is full this week of the story that the pope did indeed see evidence of Barros’ complicity in Karadima’s sexual abuse – not only that Barros had helped to cover it up but that he had been present and a direct witness at the time and therefore a passive participant Nicole Winfield and the Associated Press dropped the bomb that the information came directly from the victims, whom Francis had dismissed and refused to meet with on his trip, and delivered through his own Commission on sexual abuse:
Bishop Fischer’s support of the profession comes one week after Bishop Athanasius Schneider, auxiliary of Astana, Kazakstan, invited the world’s bishops to sign the document and join in raising a common voice in defense of the sanctity and the indissolubility of marriage “God decides the time, and the time will come when the Pope and the episcopacy again will proclaim, with all clarity, unambiguity and beauty, the sanctity of marriage, and of the family, and of the Eucharist,” Schneider told LifesiteNews in an exclusive Jan
Definition of brainwashing 1: a forcible indoctrination to induce someone to give up basic political, social, or religious beliefs and attitudes and to accept contrasting regimented ideas 2: persuasion by propaganda or salesmanship (source)
More Independent Media To Be Shut Down The very word “secrecy” is repugnant in a free and open society; and we are as a people inherently and historically opposed to secret societies, to secret oaths and to secret proceedings
The dhimmi’s payment of his dues by a bill drawn on a Muslim, or by delegating a real believer to pay it in his name will not be tolerated It must be exacted from him directly in order to vilify and humiliate him, so that Islam and its people may be exalted and the race of infidels brought low
 secretary of State in 2011, was one of the instigators of the invasion and destruction of Libya as a modern state, with the loss of 40,000 lives Like the invasion of Iraq, it was based on lies
[1] And remember when Cardinal O’Malley told the pope off in public over the “pain” these accusations had caused the victims of sexual abuse? And then remember how the pope had apologised-except-not-really because the accusations are, after all, still lies, and that there’s still “no evidence” against Barros…?
We’re unemployable in any other field ” And as much as we might be tempted to say, “Well suck it up, this is for the good of souls,” the reality is that these are not small considerations
Going further, the prime minister noted that no refugee wants to go to Portugal, for example, adding that the majority of asylum seekers simply wanted to live in prosperous Germany “The reason why people are in your country is not because they are refugees, but because they want a German life,” he said, describing the issue “politically” as a European problem but, “sociologically,” as a German problem
” “But it is extremely dangerous as the head of the Catholic Church — you know, the last appeal — that this is the kind of behavior that is going to be mimicked around the world by bishops, [who will say] ‘Well if the Pope is not going to intervene and impose zero tolerance, why should I?’”
“God, I hope you never get it I hope the American people can see through this sham
In these cases, it is up to the Holy See to evaluate the opportunity of setting up an ad hoc commission formed by the Ordinary, the Federation President, the Federal Assistant, and the Major Superior of the monastery It’s starting to be clear that the federation is going to be little more than the Big Brother hit-squad of the Congregation for Religious
And so he entered, and spoke, and gave them a strong dose of the reality that they are determined to ignore and deny Tommy Robinson is in prison today because he violated a court order demanding that he not film videos outside the trials of Muslim rape gangs
 Immigration and Nationality Act ICE deportation officers carry out targeted enforcement operations daily nationwide as part of the agency’s ongoing efforts to protect the nation, uphold public safety, and protect the integrity of our immigration laws and border controls
Join alternative social media outlets like Gab and MeWe The truth is getting harder and harder to find
President Donald Trump ordered the feds to declassify documents relating the Russian election meddling investigation yesterday Among the documents to be declassified are all of the text messages between disgraced FBI figures Peter Strzok and Lisa Page
There is no indication so far that the president will oblige them To no one’s surprise, Trump’s legal tormentor, Stormy Daniels attorney Michael Avenatti, whom Tucker Carlson has dubbed “creepy porn lawyer,” is representing Swetnick
” In 2016, I wrote that Francis’ Apostolic Constitution, “Vultum dei quaerere” was in some respects the most damaging object of the wrecking-ball pontificate to date
“No investigative journalism in my lifetime can equal the importance of what WikiLeaks has done in calling rapacious power to account It is as if a one-way moral screen has been pushed back to expose the imperialism of liberal democracies: the commitment to endless warfare … When Harold Pinter accepted the Nobel Prize for Literature in 2005, he referred to ‘a vast tapestry of lies up on which we feed
Ray is a former member of the CIA but extremely principled I might suggest he is a renegade now
When pressed about those comments in light of Kim's brutal tactics, Trump continued praising the North Korean leaders' ability to run a country at a young age "He is very talented," Trump said, citing Kim's ability to "take over a situation like he did at 26 years of age and run it, and run it tough
At the end of his second year, Noah Lew, who is currently third year undergraduate student at McGill University, applied to serve as Director of the School’s student society He was warned by others who had prior dealings with the SSMU, to keep his Jewish identity secret lest he sabotage his chances
October 11, 2018, will be remembered in history as the day the tech giants attempted to wipe out independent, liberty-minded, antiwar media from the airwaves On Thursday, in a coordinated effort, hundreds of pages devoted to peace and liberty were memory-holed by social media giants
It begins to make sense The mosaic starts to be filled out: They needed to get rid of Kennedy to protect national security and elevate Johnson, who had the same anti-communist mindset as the Pentagon and the CIA, to the presidency
This could have restored some dignity to a Church so sorely tried and humiliated by so many abominable acts on the part of some pastors If this were done, the civil authority would no longer have to judge a cardinal, but a pastor with whom the Church had already taken appropriate measures to prevent the cardinal from abusing his authority and continuing to destroy innocent victims
The mosque has been a haven for terror-related individuals and activity “Dirty Bomber” Jose Padilla was a student of Shafayat Mohamed’s at Darul Uloom
“Even if 99 9 percent of the people in the community want it, they need to remember that liberty of conscience is not up for a vote,” he said
That “humanitarian intervention” cost the lives of many hundreds of thousands of Iraqis and created a vacuum that destabilised much of the Middle East, sucked in Islamic jihadists like al-Qaeda and ISIS, and contributed to the migrant crisis in Europe that has fuelled the resurgence of the far-right None of that is discussed in the Guardian or considered grounds for disqualifying Blair as an arbiter of what is good for Britain and the world’s future
Trump announced Tillerson’s ouster via Twitter Tuesday, saying: “Mike Pompeo, Director of the CIA, will become our new Secretary of State He will do a fantastic job!
) In his National Lawyers Guild speech Ellison spoke favorably of cop killers Mumia Abu-Jamal and “Assata Shakur” (Joanne Chesimard), who was wanted for the murder of New Jersey state trooper Werner Foerster in 1973
“This operation reflects ICE’s commitment to public safety through targeted enforcement efforts,” said Rebecca Adducci, field office director for ERO Detroit “I applaud the brave men and women of ICE who put themselves in harm’s way daily to keep our community safe
This incident, on the other hand, received very little coverage, and hardly any that touched on the Islamic aspects of the story But Muslim claims of victimhood are so polished and reflexive by now, and the Leftist acceptance of them so matter-of-fact and instinctive, that Judge Sarah Backus fell right into line
 Marine communist who decided, for no apparent reason, to assassinate Kennedy One big problem is the official story, however, requires a suspension of logic and common sense
” After flying home from Helsinki and reviewing the tape and transcript of his press conference with Putin, President Trump said he has “full faith and support for America’s great intelligence agencies” and that he accepts “our intelligence community’s conclusion that Russia’s meddling in the 2016 election took place
It turned out it didn’t happen that way “By contrast, my administration has taken a very firm stance – it’s a very firm stance – on a strong action
The report has helped renew a crisis many in the church thought and hoped had ended nearly 20 years ago after the scandal erupted in Boston But recent abuse-related scandals, from Chile to Australia, have reopened wounding questions about accountability and whether church officials are still covering up crimes at the highest levels
If not for that one case, McCarrick’s sixty years of homosexual debauchery might well have gone unpunished in this world and he would have died still possessed of all the phony honors that had been heaped upon him throughout his career as a parasite in the Body of Christ, including the favor shown to him by Bergoglio The telling details of Archbishop Viganò’s testimony concerning Bergoglio’s friendly relations with McCarrick before he finally had to cut him loose—details conveniently ignored by Winters, Allen and Shea—are utterly devastating to any defense of Bergoglio
Making Dina Powell the US Ambassador to the UN would quickly undo all the progress that Haley made Before long the US would be right back in the Human Rights Council, there would be moves in favor of the PLO, and the same old failed politics would be back
In this case, an autonomous monastery is alive and vital 43 Autonomy of life, a constant prerequisite for maintaining juridical autonomy, must be constantly verified by the Federal President who, when in her judgment a monastery lacks autonomy of life, must inform the Holy See in view of the nomination of an ad hoc commission
“I had no way to see into his mind The product that I sold him had absolutely nothing to do with what he did
Similarly, the Guardian worked tirelessly to promote Clinton and undermine Sanders in the 2016 Democratic nomination process – another reason the paper has been so assiduous in promoting the idea that Assange, aided by Russia, was determined to promote Trump over Clinton for the presidency The Guardian’s coverage of Latin America, especially of populist leftwing governments that have rebelled against traditional and oppressive US hegemony in the region, has long grated with analysts and experts
To be sure, the Left's attacks on the David Horowitz Freedom Center continue unabated: just recently a hit piece in the Washington Post smeared a stand-up noble gentleman like Florida Gubernatorial Candidate Republican Ron DeSantis, libeling David Horowitz in the process The article stated falsely and maliciously that Horowitz's Restoration Weekend, that DeSantis had attended, was somehow “a racially charged event” -- a vicious lie that Frontpage has exposed and for which the Washington Post is still to apologize and issue a retraction
Graham warned fellow GOPers about voting against the nomination “To my Republican colleagues, if you vote no, you're legitimizing the most despicable thing I have seen in my time in politics
As Viganò notes, it was Bergoglio who made Martin a “Consultor of the Secretariat for Communications,” even though he is a “well-known activist who promotes the LGBT agenda, chosen to corrupt the young people who will soon gather in Dublin for the World Meeting of Families…” “Father” Martin now confidently declares, sixteen years after the “pedophile summit,” that “The idea of a purge of gay priests is both ridiculous and dangerous
” While the debate rages anew over familiar topics following such tragedies — tougher, more restrictive gun control laws and bolstering security at public schools — the revolution in homeschooling has been taking place quietly, behind the scenes and off the radar screens of most political organizations
It won’t take away Iran’s enriched uranium It won’t destroy Iran’s nuclear installations
In 1994, US astronomer Carl Sagan reflected on the significance of the photograph to an audience at Cornell University, famously coining its name as the "Pale Blue Dot", and giving one of the most widely published speeches of all time © Getty Carl Sagan and the 'Pale Blue Dot' photograph
Why?" “Why is it so easy, Theresa May, to jail Tommy Robinson, but so difficult to do anything at all about the monstrous crimes committed in the name of Islam all over this country every day?
The Church is tradition The Church is tradition
The president described Acosta as "unbelievably rude to [White House Press Secretary] Sarah Huckabee, who’s a wonderful woman," and said his administration is drawing up "rules and regulations" for White House reporters "And if he misbehaves, we’ll throw him out or we’ll stop the news conference," Trump said
Another problem with Farage’s statement is that it manifests a remarkable ignorance of history While he is deeply concerned that British people not begin to think that resisting jihad terror means that they are in a “battle” with the “entire religion” of Islam, he appears unaware of the fact that many Muslims throughout history have considered their entire religion to be at war with the entire non-Muslim world
" I certainly don't want to hear "Speaker Pelosi," again
The agency’s acting director, Thomas Homan, told “Fox & Friends” Wednesday morning that the DOJ is “reviewing” whether Schaaf broke any laws by telling her constituents ICE would be raiding the area in order to arrest people violating federal immigration laws Schaaf, a Democrat, posted the warning to Twitter Saturday, writing that “multiple credible sources” told her the immigration agency was “preparing to conduct an operation in the Bay Area, including Oakland, starting as soon as” Sunday
” I met this Secretary of the Episcopal Conference during my visit in Columbia, and he said for two years they [had been asking] the President, in the name of the Holy See, to change this article in their Constitution
They have a couple of people that actually are conservative Other than that, they have liberals and neo-cons running rampant
Since then, five cases have been identified as international aid agencies, stretched thin by Madagascar’s black death outbreak, have rushed to deploy teams on the ground to control the recent outbreak This news comes amid a surge in cases of plague in Madagascar, which is considered to be the “worst outbreak in 50 years” and now at “crisis” point
Politico allowed "a former CIA officer," writing under a pen name, to suggest - without any evidence - that the Guardian has been duped - not by its MI5/6 and Ecuadorian spy sources, but by Russian disinformation: Rather than being the bombshell smoking gun that directly connects the Trump campaign to WikiLeaks, perhaps the report is something else entirely: a disinformation campaign
This temporary shakeup of temperatures could happen again, though the researchers say it will have very little effect on the overall global warming trend that mankind has created for itself The Sun is getting cooler and dimmer, but scientists aren’t worried
So interesting! Now, it’s theoretically possible that the CIA presented Trump with some earthshattering new information on the Thursday deadline that showed that the United States would fall into the ocean if Americans were finally permitted to see the CIA’s long-secret JFK records
For my part — and I know I am not alone — I am tired of this I am tired of people being hurt, gravely hurt!
Many people were tortured and were starved to death there […] “The Jews were banished, tortured, and annihilated because of their deeds
President Trump quoted the nation’s most prominent conservative radio host as he urged GOP senators to get onboard Tuesday: “Rush Limbaugh to Republicans: ‘You can kiss the MIDTERMS goodbye if you don’t get highly qualified Kavanaugh approved
And then, and then as no doubt was expected, if not planned, came a long series of false last-minute smears designed to scare me and drive me out of the process before any hearing occurred Afraid of their own shadows, committee Republicans didn’t relish the prospect of their all-male team of 11 senators questioning a woman so they hired sex-crimes prosecutor Rachel Mitchell of Maricopa County, Arizona, to examine Ford
Furthermore, President Trump’s efforts to get our European allies to increase their defense spending has a direct impact on Putin The stronger NATO is, the less maneuvering room Russia has
2 2 billion active users will be bombarded with these messages without any real option for the other side of the story
[6] “justice and beneficence” are considered on behalf of the community, not the patient [7] Bioethicists take it as read that in order for a life to have sufficient “quality” it must demonstrate sufficient autonomy
“And why are Muslims allowed to cover their faces with a black sack while the rest of us are subject to strict security? Why are children being mutilated and forcefully raped while the law looks the other way?
[6] “justice and beneficence” are considered on behalf of the community, not the patient [7] Bioethicists take it as read that in order for a life to have sufficient “quality” it must demonstrate sufficient autonomy
Tommy Robinson is in prison today because he violated a court order demanding that he not film videos outside the trials of Muslim rape gangs Clearly the government’s intent was to make sure that as few people as possible discovered the truth about its massive, years-long cover-up of those rape gangs, and refusal to prosecute the perpetrators
” The Times added:The Lubbock-based organization has been swamped with inquiries for months from parents seeking safer options for their kids in the aftermath of this year’s deadly school massacres, first in Parkland and then in Santa Fe, Texas
 elections Breitbart News has exclusively published several of Epstein’s reports, including a recent one showing that Google search manipulation can swing huge swaths of voters
After several paragraphs of platitudes about “community cohesion” and “diversity”, it says “this Council notes with shock and alarm the decision by Donald Trump, President of the United States, to ‘retweet’ Islamophobic propaganda from the Britain First Twitter account” It also bemoans that he has allegedly “bigoted attitude towards women, ethnic minorities and Muslims which has resulted in examples of division and hatred within the USA and beyond” and attacks his “illogical” decision to move the U
To be clear, the Democratic Minority Leader of the US House of Representatives has accused Donald Trump of high treason against the United States There is no outcry against this blatantly false accusation, totally devoid of evidence
Then there is the endlessly double-talking Cardinal Müller In a recent interview concerning Rocco Buttiglione’s verbal contortions aimed at demonstrating that the administration of Holy Communion to public adulterers is consistent with the Church’s bimillenial prohibition of precisely that, Müller proposed this preposterous “solution” to a “problem” that does not exist:
she continued in a line of questioning “Why is it so easy for judges to make rulings that allow known terrorists and jihadists to stay in our country?
It also became an main outlet for manipulative propaganda peddled by the British secret services Its recent fake news story about Paul Manafort, Wikileaks and Julian Assange aptly demonstrates this
Two prominent US bloggers have been banned from entering the UK, the Home Office has said Pamela Geller and Robert Spencer co-founded anti-Muslim group Stop Islamization of America
” Sadly, he appears to be correct in his accusations It is standard procedure for police to dig up dirt on their victims in attempts to smear and assassinate their character to make the killer cops look good in the public eye
But now the curtain is starting to be pulled back, and the revelations about Al Franken are just the beginning Earlier this week, I wrote an article about how “sexual harassment is rampant in the halls of Congress”, and that was before a female radio anchor named LeeAnn Tweeden revealed that Al Franken had “forcibly kissed” and groped her during a USO tour in 2006
Putin can be easily assassinated by the CIA operatives that the Russian government stupidly permits to operate throughout Russia in NGOs and Western/US owned media and among the Atlanticist Integrationists, Washington’s Firth Column inside Russia serving Washington’s purposes These Russian traitors serve in Putin’s own government!
 Danny Davis defended Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan as an “outstanding human being” on Monday Farrakhan’s history of racially extreme comments includes blaming Jews for the September 11 attacks, saying white people “deserve to die” and praising Adolf Hitler as a “very great man
Fortunately for him, Ellison’s 5th District constituents haven’t much cared about his history and the Minneapolis Star Tribune has almost entirely let it rest exactly where Ellison wants it But seeking the top law enforcement job in Minnesota and running for statewide office should be a more daunting challenge because Ellison is an extraordinarily poor fit for the job
If not, the lawmakers said it “would raise serious questions about whether the Department of Justice policy is being used as a pretext for a cover-up of misconduct ” The hashtag “#ReleaseTheReport” was also utilized on Twitter among Democrats, including House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA), who warned Barr against giving President Trump or members of his legal team a “sneak preview
Sen  Bob Corker is another summertime soldier calling on colleagues to stand and fight Trump while he retires to Tennessee
So the evidence about this corruption was known to our government in 2009, 2010, and why is it that CFIUS either wasn’t told, or CFIUS people knowing about it — HANNITY: Explain CFIUS, 13 agencies, I am sorry 9 agencies approving the deal that gave control of uranium one to the bad actor, hostile regime, Putin Russia
” For Jeff Sessions San Francisco’s sanctuary city policy “led to the preventable and heartbreaking death of Kate Steinle ” According to the Attorney General’s statement, the Justice Department “will continue to ensure that all jurisdictions place the safety and security of their communities above the convenience of criminal aliens
“Upon receipt of the information on the night of September 12, we included it as part of Judge Kavanaugh’s background file, as per the standard process,” the FBI said in a statement The White House has called this nothing more than a last minute gambit, and that would be correct
“We have urban Ebola, which is a very different animal from rural Ebola The potential for an explosive increase in cases is now there
Shock: Black Death Patients Are ESCAPING The Hospital Over Fear Of Needles As Officials Worry Plague Could Spread Patients in Madagascar who are currently suffering from the plague have “escaped” multiple hospitals in the area over fears of needles and hospital treatment as a whole, according to a shocking report in The Sun newspaper
” –William Blackstone, English Common Law Representatives are to magnify the law, not tear it down; and yet, this is what the biblically illiterate are teaching others to do, submit to the tyrants and resist God, His Church and His Word (Micah 3:5)
Should Trump fall, and a restored establishment attempt to reimpose the old policies, there will be a truly uncivil war in this country After the Trumpian revolt, there is no going back
Sixteen years later, the homosexual predator McCarrick has finally been exposed to the world, stripped of his cardinal’s hat and deprived of any ministry, but only after international media coverage of the Vatican’s semi-secret finding that McCarrick had raped a teenage altar boy 47 years ago If not for that one case, McCarrick’s sixty years of homosexual debauchery might well have gone unpunished in this world and he would have died still possessed of all the phony honors that had been heaped upon him throughout his career as a parasite in the Body of Christ, including the favor shown to him by Bergoglio
The president, who has repeatedly claimed that the Mueller investigation is “illegal” and a “WITCH HUNT” driven by angry liberals, made clear to reporters at the White House earlier this week that the coming report was, of course, weighing on him “Let it come out, let people see it,” Trump said, characterizing the probe and report as “ridiculous,” as he left the White House on Wednesday
The IG also found that the FBI moved slowly on new evidence that could have damned Hillary Clinton, and did so for reasons that make no sense The report took particular aim at FBI officials investigating Clinton’s email server for moving slowly after agents in the New York Field office discovered messages on the laptop of disgraced former Congressman Anthony Weiner that might be relevant to their case
“I have never been contacted by anyone connected to Wikileaks, either directly or indirectly I have never reached out to Assange or Wikileaks on any matter
It smeared Assange and Snowden as Russian collaborators It uncritically peddled the Russiagate story and the nonsensical Skripal claims which are both obviously concocted by British intelligence services
It doesn’t admit that there is a war going on, and treats each act of Islamic terror as if it were a separate and discrete criminal event, unrelated to all the others So each time something like this happens, they’re back at Square One, trying to figure out motive
Gun control is the dream of every wannabe statist dictator and naive do-gooder alike The latter think that removing guns will suddenly force humanity to stop all animosity toward one another, hold hands, and sing Kumbaya
I realize it’s a challenge, but few challenges have greater payoffs in this world or the next There is no better way to keep the Catholic family together and committed to the Catholic restoration than the Catholic home school
With a team of three dozen lawyers, Abrams has announced she would file a federal suit against Georgia for “gross mismanagement” of the vote Abrams and civil rights groups accused the winner, Republican Brian Kemp of purging thousands from voting rolls in that capacity
Will Catholic laity pay attention and take action? The McCarrick scandal created an earthquake in the Catholic Church with aftershocks that will last for years
Carter? Nothing good can be said about his four years of sanctimony and incompetence
Officers Anthony Morelli and Eric Joering are dead, and Smith is alive in hospital If these two men had survived, and Quentin Lamar Smith had died, you'd be hearing a lot about the race issue
“I have tried to stay objective, but I ask that you please give us some time to pause and reflect,” Murillo wrote “This is devastating for our Democratic Latino community
“In fact there are two members of Congress, Republican and Democrat, right now, who serve — who have…engaged in sexual harassment ” Speier said one of the harassers has propositioned women with the comment, “Are you going to be a good girl?” Another has exposed his genitals, she said, and some victims have had “their private parts grabbed on the House floor
” The inspector general questioned whether Strzok’s decision to prioritize the Russia collusion investigation over following up on the Clinton e-mail-related investigative lead discovered on the Weiner laptop was free from bias Ultimately, however, he inexplicably concluded that there was no finding of “documentary or testimonial evidence that improper considerations, including political bias, directly affected the specific investigative decisions” discussed in the OIG report
Half of South Korea’s capitol, Seoul, is within range of North Korean heavy artillery and rocket batteries dug into the so-called Demilitarized Zone It would take only three nuclear weapons to shatter Japan and just two to cripple South Korea, not to mention polluting the globe with radioactive dust and contaminating North Asia’s water sources
“The Hammonds are multi-generation cattle ranchers in Oregon imprisoned in connection with a fire that leaked onto a small portion of neighboring public grazing land,” the White House said in a statement “[They] are devoted family men, respected contributors to their local community, and have widespread support from their neighbors, local law enforcement, and farmers and ranchers across the West
But if they turn away, then seize them and kill them wherever you find them and take not from among them any ally or helper (4:89) To “emigrate in the cause of Allah” is to leave one’s home and join up with the Muslims
A “man” attacked a teenager who was wearing a #MAGA hat The criminal attacker, one Kino Jimenez, took the boy’s hat, yelled at him, and then threw a drink in the boy’s face before walking off (and stealing
‘Silent Donation’: Corporate Emails Reveal Google Executives Tried to Turn Out Latino Voters Who They Thought Would Vote For Clinton Google, once again, has been implicated in a story about how social media executives and employees are using their platforms to control and shutter conservative ideas
So, file it! On the basis of what, Mr
South Florida Muslim Leader Sofian Zakkout’s David Duke Day David Duke, the white supremacist icon and former Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan, has been denounced by many as a hatemonger, and rightfully so
PM Orban has remained consistent He has publicly told the Muslim invaders to leave Hungary and never come back
The previous administration, however, filed an overzealous appeal that resulted in the Hammonds being sentenced to five years in prison This was unjust
Concern about the safety of students in government-run schools is one reason many parents are considering homeschooling, but it is not the only reason Many parents are motivated by a desire to give their children something better than a curriculum that has been dumbed down by federal initiatives like Common Core
It's not surprising What is surprising is the level of secrecy surrounding the Las Vegas shooting and the containment of information more than three months after it occurred
[3] Otherwise known as the “Permanent Instruction of the Alta Vendita,” a secret document written in the early 19th Century that mapped out a blueprint for the subversion of the Catholic Church The Alta Vendita was the highest lodge of the Carbonari, an Italian secret society with links to Freemasonry and which, along with Freemasonry, was condemned by the Popes
Fr Hunwicke wrote this afternoon, “This cheap and vulgar ritual humiliation exemplifies the extent to which P[ope] F[rancis] is presiding over a bully-boy Church in which midget bishops and minicardinals compete to defeat each other in the sycophancy stakes
But the odds of getting details that precise are long indeed, and there is always a chance that a motivated classmate might lie — for either person… Democrats Want Us To Believe All Women…Unless They’re Accusing Keith Ellison, Bill Clinton, Al Franken Or George Soros
Trump is wrong on the environment Environmental protections put in place after years of struggle are being eviscerated by industry polluters who have gained controll over the environmental regulatory agencies
But displacement and immigrant workforce growth are still high in absolute terms and could resume anytime Only legislation, above all an immigration moratorium, can secure the fruits of the current economic expansion for Americans
So where has the $17,250,854 come from to pay those settlements? That money has come from the taxpayers of course
Everything that the President is DOING belies their argument If President Trump were a mole, wouldn’t he have made life easier for Putin?
He followed the advice of someone he knew well to be a pervert, thus multiplying exponentially with his supreme authority the evil done by McCarrick And how many other evil pastors is Francis still continuing to prop up in their active destruction of the Church!
New Mexico Jihadis’ Defense Attorney: “If These Were White Christians…No One Would Bat An Eye” Editor's Note: If they were white, devout Christians, we wouldn't hear about this cause it would have never taken place because it would have gone against the teachings of Christ and there would have been an outcry by Christians everywhere against people might engage in such behavior and would claim such things
On the next page, the email continues with a headline from an article in The Atlantic by James Fallows: “2016: The Year Latinos Saved America?” Under that was a tweet from Jon Ralston of Ralston Reports in Nevada saying, among other things, that “Trump is dead” because of Latino turnout in early voting in the state
Kavanaugh's nomination was passed out of committee on Friday and will go to the Senate floor for a confirmation vote For a quick run down of the political hit on Kavanaugh, take a look at this short synopsis by Paul Joseph Watson
They have absolutely nothing in common They cannot agree on God's law, which most Western societies were base on, including the united States
 from a science fiction movie," his translator was overheard saying as the two leaders walked down a white-columned colonnade At the conclusion of the summit, Trump hailed the talks as a historic, and personal, achievement
There is no indication so far that the president will oblige them To no one’s surprise, Trump’s legal tormentor, Stormy Daniels attorney Michael Avenatti, whom Tucker Carlson has dubbed “creepy porn lawyer,” is representing Swetnick
What is shameful about this is that her views are mainstream in the Democrat Party today She should never have been chosen as a candidate for Congress with hateful views of this kind, but this is the way the Democrat leadership, and the Democrat base, thinks
” McCarrick and his fellow perverts in the clergy are responsible, not only for their sexual abuses, but also for chasing good men away from the priesthood Spend enough time in Catholic World and you inevitably meet good men who quit the seminary because of some rampant (and often violent) depravity
“Glazov’s advice also involves the promotion of supporting moderate Muslims – a move that is, clearly, horrifying to Facebook’s masters and therefore also violates their ‘community standards,'” the report said No doubt, Glazov’s consistent campaigning on behalf of Muslim women and girls in his efforts to protect them from FGM, honor killings and other Shariah barbarities, has gained him the anger and hatred of Facebook’s guardians — who are clearly on the side of the Shariah enforcers and oppressors of Muslim women and girls
A manager at the complex declined to indicate exactly when Guyger moved out and if she left the premises voluntarily, the Dallas Morning News reports While residents can certainly sleep better knowing that they don’t have to fear a killer cop walking into their apartment and murdering them, the family of Botham Jean likely sees this as one more instance of injustice
 Khadaffi The Singapore summit was also a huge humiliation for America’s allies Japan and South Korea
If Murillo had ended her email there, this probably would not amount to the level of a national news story But she did not: She went on for another several paragraphs on the first page and an extra three pages to admit the openly partisan intent of Google’s actions, including a remarkable in-writing confirmation that at least one of Google’s actions amounted to a “silent donation”—something that could raise Federal Election Commission (FEC) red flags if authorities decide to launch an official investigation into this matter, now that these emails have been publicly revealed
Pope Francis received the victim’s letter in 2015, its author and a member of Francis’s sex abuse commission have said, contradicting the Pope’s recent insistence that no victims had come forward in the matter and no evidence had been produced Francis encountered protests in Chile over his defense of Barros during his visit there last month, calling the accusations against the priest “calumny
"Many, all too many, of them want to overwhelm German values, and European values in general, with sharia values They are in Europe to conquer and Islamize it, with willing and eager help from Europe’s short-sighted, self-serving, internationalist intelligentsia
At the time and since then, particularly in light of what has been happening, it seems one of the most bizarre aspects of this whole bizarre situation that the reasons offered have been so trivial, so inappropriately, so disproportionately petty These absurd responses to serious questions of grave import have raised the inescapable suspicion that Benedict simply did not take the papacy as seriously as the rest of us did
Anti-jihadist activist Pamela Geller praised Orban for his honesty and wrote, "At last, a politician who speaks the truth about the Muslim invasion of Europe And while Orban is right that these are 'economic migrants,' they are also 'Muslim invaders
Now in the United States a chorus of voices is rising especially from the lay faithful, and has recently been joined by several bishops and priests, asking that all those who, by their silence, covered up McCarrick’s criminal behavior, or who used him to advance their career or promote their intentions, ambitions and power in the Church, should resign But this will not be enough to heal the situation of extremely grave immoral behavior by the clergy: bishops and priests
The “tendency” is called in the same catechism you quote “intrinsically disordered” and Ratzinger was very clear that this “tendency” is a sign of a serious emotional dysfunction that “must” preclude a man from being ordained Squandering the capital of trust
 generals were visible last week Midweek, Erdogan exploded: "(The Americans) tell us, 'Don't come to Manbij
You don't say! All this and rampant homosexuality in the priesthood, too
The aides named are Imran Awan, his wife Hina Alvi, his brothers Abid and Jamal, and his friend Rao Abbas, Pakistani-born aides And the father of Muslim spy ring Imran Awan transferred a USB drive to a Pakistani senator and former head of a Pakistani intelligence agency
Just 30 seconds later, as Swisher asked: “what do you think of Cory Booker… saying ‘kick them in the shins,’ essentially…” incorrectly recalling Eric Holder’s recent comments
This is just silly The constant hand-wringing, from the left-wing media, over President Trump’s loyalties and his connection with Russia is just silly
He found a narrative from British counter-jihad groups closely aligned with the alt-right, such as Britain First and the founder of the English Defence League Tommy Robinson ” The British counter-jihad movement is thus swept into the same group of violent extremists as Osborne, because Ganesh “knows” they encouraged him
These organizations have provided and continue to provide Zakkout with a facade of respectability In reality, he has done nothing to serve the community and only attempts to divide it with his hatemongering
” Shea’s ever-expanding opus of digital invective never seems to rise above this sort of crude ad hominem attack: Well, if those people believe it, it can’t be true The neo-Catholic propaganda mill will have a very difficult time smearing this witness, however
Do I hear the Pennsylvania Grand Jury Report? How inconvenient that the two targets of predatory clerics and prelates will be the subject of the Synod of Bishops
Branch, and I trust that he will take this matter seriously and deal with it appropriately Is the principal acting on this?
88) and to Quranic Suras that mandate the Hijab for women (24:31; 33:59) and sanction sexual slavery (4:3; 33:50) Facebook also refused to respond to Glazov’s inquiry about “what it is specifically that violates Facebook’s ‘community standards’ when a person gives advice on how to best defend American lives from jihad
” “It’s a hoax, beyond a witch hunt,” Trump said
The police harassed the 19 would-be victims, including the five elderly brothers and even their lawyer, and charged them with “frivolous” cases, apparently to get them to stop trying to get the money they say they were owed, the paper said “Mohammad Abid, a victim of [Ashraf] Awan’s alleged high-profile swindling, said that [Ashraf] Awan’s son had easy access to the corridors of power and that’s why he was able to [pressure] the police to dance to his tunes,” Dawn reported
” Smith says that in order to get voters on board with Gillum’s fairy tale platform, the campaign must “whip” lower income individuals “into a frenzy
” Referring to a jihad attack that happened at that time, the message continued: “One of our groups aided by Allah managed to bomb a bus full of Jewish tourists, plunderers of holy lands, after careful tracking The holy war is not confined to a particular arena and we shall fight the Jews and the Americans until they leave the land of Islam
Russian weapons are so superior to the junk produced by the waste-filled US military/security complex that lives high off the hog on the insouciant American taxpayer that it is questionable if the US is even a second class military power If the insane neoconservatives, such as Max Boot, William Kristol, and the rest of the neocon scum get their way, the US, the UK, and Europe will be a radioactive ruin for thousands of years
[6] “justice and beneficence” are considered on behalf of the community, not the patient [7] Bioethicists take it as read that in order for a life to have sufficient “quality” it must demonstrate sufficient autonomy
Tillerson said he will remain in his post until March 31 but is delegating all authorities for running the State Department to Deputy Secretary John Sullivan and is committed to ensuring “an orderly and smooth transition ” The deposed diplomat also made a clear statement about Russian aggression: “Much work remains to respond to the troubling behavior and actions on the part of the Russian government
Every one of us is born on Death Row and lives out his allotted lifespan in its shadow without hope of reprieve God made that clear when He told Adam that “in what day soever” he preferred his own will above his Creator’s, “thou shalt die the death,” condemning him sooner or later to “return to the earth out of which thou wast taken: for dust thou art, and to dust thou shalt return” (Gen
According to the White House petition on behalf of Dwight and Steven Hammond by Protect The Harvest: The Hammond case is viewed by many in the West, and indeed across the nation, as a manifest miscarriage of justice akin to double jeopardy
But Moon’s pleas have been largely ignored by Trump Most South Koreans shrug off the North’s threats and seek to avoid war at all costs
There is a multitude of problems this pontificate has created or made worse that we will be dealing with for a long time after Bergoglio is gone, but perhaps one of the bigger ones will be the destruction of trust Already fractured since the collapse of all Catholic institutions after Vatican II and the horrors of the sex abuse crisis, how much will there be to repair of the once-steadfast trust Catholics instinctively had in the Church after this?
Nope, you can't, and you can't expect it when some of those writers write for other publications that don't measure up to NewsGuard's standards either The reason this little incident shouldn't be let go of so soon is that it is one of the clearest demonstrations of the media's bias, which we all have, lies and propaganda
Graham continued, "Would you say you've been through hell?" Kavanaugh responded, "I've been through hell and then some
…it is not allowable to emphasize what is called the “communal” Mass to the disparagement of Masses celebrated in private, or to exaggerate the element of sacramental sign as if the symbolism, which all certainly admit in the Eucharist, expresses fully and exhausts completely the mode of Christ’s presence in this sacrament Nor is it allowable to discuss the mystery of transubstantiation without mentioning what the Council of Trent stated about the marvelous conversion of the whole substance of the bread into the Body and of the whole substance of the wine into the Blood of Christ, speaking rather only of what is called “transignification” and “transfiguration,” or finally to propose and act upon the opinion according to which, in the Consecrated Hosts which remain after the celebration of the sacrifice of the Mass, Christ Our Lord is no longer present
 Clinton’s affair with White House intern Monica Lewinsky “It’s absurd,” Ms
The Iranians also operate a global network of jihad terror organizations, one of which, Hizballah, is quite active in Mexico now, with the obvious ultimate intention of crossing the border and committing jihad massacres of Americans Obama has given a tremendous boost to these initiatives, as well as to Iran’s nuclear program, with his nuclear deal that has given the Iranians hundreds of billions of dollars and essentially a green light to manufacture nuclear weapons, in exchange for absolutely nothing
If you have directly witnessed sexual advances or any type of abuse, bring it forward as well Such actions are sinful and scandalous and we cannot allow anyone to use their position or power to abuse another person
With a team of three dozen lawyers, Abrams has announced she would file a federal suit against Georgia for “gross mismanagement” of the vote Abrams and civil rights groups accused the winner, Republican Brian Kemp of purging thousands from voting rolls in that capacity
Law enforcement rushed to destroy the Islamic compound just days after the kidnapping and murder made national news They destroyed evidence, despite the fact that the investigation was new and ongoing
This passage envisions some of the disbelievers becoming Muslim, and then turning away again, whereupon the Muslims are told to “kill them wherever you find them ” God’s inexhaustible mercy, indeed
Part of the hypocrisy of the US Conference of Mayors is that they actually push to infringe on law-abiding citizens' rights while claiming that it is consistent with the Second Amendment For example, the organization writes in support of David Hogg's #NeverAgain movement, "WHEREAS, the U
In Arizona, it is already over, and a pro-jihad Marxist Democrat who lost the election will be going to the Senate In Florida, the Democrats are likewise working feverishly to overturn the will of the people
AMANA is currently promoting another anti-Semitic Duke-produced video, on the AMANA site The President of AMANA, Sofian Zakkout, has referred to Duke as “David Duke, a man to believe in!”
Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller Pamela Geller's commitment to freedom from jihad and Shariah shines forth in her books
Becerra’s statement, “it needlessly endangered our children, our loved ones and our men and women in law enforcement,” is preposterous left-wing political argle-bargle I suspect the Washington judge’s stay will be overturned on appeal, but certainly will if it makes it to the Supreme Court
They had a right to find out from the so-called “War Logs” the criminality of our wars in Afghanistan and Iraq They had a right to find out about Cablegate
Nothing less will do Bishop Morlino has now done it, and we respectfully demand that the rest of the American bishops either follow suit or face the charge of being complicit with the degenerate and even criminal shepherds, accounts of whose betrayal and vice now dominate the news
… In addition to stopping all payments to these countries, which seem to have almost no control over their population, I must, in the strongest of terms, ask Mexico to stop this onslaught – and if unable to do so I will call up the U
The US President wants every American citizen to see the full, unredacted version of the FISA documents used to spy on Carter Page Trump is simply asking for full transparency, in what has become a two year, multi-million dollar witch hunt, to find collusion where there is none
(To learn why David Horowitz is one of the central targets of the Left, make sure to watch this video) Thus, we clearly gauge that there is no disgusting and venomous level to which the Left will not stoop in its destructive agenda
S  regime-change operation was one of the most ingenious and cunning plots ever designed
” While admitting numerous jihad preachers, Britain is keeping out the voices of sanity that would call that nation back to a path that would secure freedom for her children and her children’s children instead of a path to national suicide
If Putin doesn’t listen to him, Russia is in the trash can of history Keep in mind that no media informs you better than my website
 Military and CLOSE OUR SOUTHERN BORDER!” Trump wrote on Twitter “Hopefully Mexico will stop this onslaught at their Northern Border,” he added
” Orban then called out the traitors in the midst of Europe who want to push Hungary to accept Muslim invaders
Read the 5 books of Moses “No enactment of man can be considered law unless it conforms to the Law of God
But now the curtain is starting to be pulled back, and the revelations about Al Franken are just the beginning Earlier this week, I wrote an article about how “sexual harassment is rampant in the halls of Congress”, and that was before a female radio anchor named LeeAnn Tweeden revealed that Al Franken had “forcibly kissed” and groped her during a USO tour in 2006
Most recently, on October 30th, Crux quoted him under the headline, “Cardinal Muller backs Pope Francis against critics of ‘Amoris Laetitia’” in which the former head of the CDF has at last climbed on board the Kasperian train on reception of Communion for unrepentant adulterers Signaling furiously with the trendy FrancisChurch buzzwords and even trendier blithering incoherence, Muller writes that “mitigating factors in guilt,” can lead, couples in “an uncertain marital situation” through a “path of repentance” – always “accompanied” by an exquisitely sensitive confessor – to a point where the reception of Communion is no longer sinful
In October 2015, Zakkout posted to Facebook a Duke video, within which Duke makes the wild claim that there has been a “complete takeover of American foreign policy and… American politics by Jewish extremists ” Above the video on Facebook, Zakkout praised Duke, exclaiming “David Duke, a man to believe in!”
Attorney Lee Merritt, who represents Botham Jean’s family, posted an update about the injustice on Twitter I just learned the Dallas 9 will spend another night in jail for peacefully protesting brutality
By adding “at the shrine” to this verse, Wills restricts the call to fight to the area around the Sacred Mosque in Mecca He ignores the fact that some Islamic authorities see this passage as calling for nothing less than unlimited warfare against non-Muslims
And of course we are talking about the priorities of a pope who has said that seeing a “restorationist” community enjoying a large number of vocations makes him “worry ” Apparently this worry was serious enough to move him to torpedo one of the most flourishing communities in the modern Church; the gaunt spectre of the Franciscan Friars and Sisters of the Immaculate haunts this document
” Murillo also brags that Google, “used its power to ensure that millions of people saw certain hashtags and social media impressions, with the goal of influencing their behavior during the election
The Dictator Pope even feels at liberty to demand that the Lord’s Prayer be changed to reflect his dissatisfaction with God’s words: “And lead us not into temptation [et ne nos inducas in tentationem],” which Francis has decided, after 2,000 years, is a “not a good translation ” Apparently lost on Francis, given the disordered mélange of bits and pieces of things he has read that constitutes his theology, is the distinction between sin, a culpable act, and temptation, which arises from concupiscence or what Saint Thomas called the fomes, or the fleshly inclination to sin, which grace enables us to control by the rule of reason over the passions
S  Army stopped to interrogate every German soldier who crashed through the Ardennes Forest at the beginning of the Battle of the Bulge in 1944, to see if each one’s actions had anything to do with the German Army and Adolf Hitler’s war aims
It is said that they annihilated 50-100 hundred million, but nobody ever mentions this […] “Was there annihilation?
Marburg virus disease (MVD), which causes severe viral hemorrhagic fever, ranks among the most virulent pathogens known to infect humans, according to the World Health Organization The WHO website reads: “Marburg virus disease is a rare disease with a high mortality rate for which there is no specific treatment
Shutterstock A professor at Southern New Hampshire University failed one of her student's assignments because the professor incorrectly thought Australia "is not a country," according to a report in BuzzFeed News
It goes against everything the Green Party stands for We are not violent
But real journalism should be able to get through the shocking and the surreal and get to the truth There is so much collusion now, with all these dark and menacing developments
This is clearly a set-up (Christine Ford is also a far-left Democrat operative) designed to derail the nomination of a good man There is no low to which the Democrats will not sink to attain their nefarious goals of stopping the President from strengthening America and protecting Americans
S  dead, tens of thousands of wounded, trillions of dollars sunk, and a Mideast awash in blood from Afghanistan to Iraq, Libya, Syria and Yemen, with millions uprooted and homeless
Murillo wrote in the next paragraph: We also supported partners like Voto Latino to pay for rides to the polls in key states (silent donation)
In a sane political environment, Barack Obama would be tried for treason Barack Hussein Obama has planted seeds that will be bearing bitter fruit for years, and probably decades, to come
Not the charism of the order, nor the rule, nor the Patristic tradition, nor the Doctors, nor the mystics, nor any of the 2000-year-old tradition of religious life, from the Desert Fathers to the giants of the Tridentine period; just Vatican II And only, apparently, a single “interpretation” of it, if we are to judge by the soap and oil Braz de Aviz poured on the ruffled feathers of the Leadership Conference of Women Religious – the most virulently anti-Catholic organisation of “Catholic” religious in the world – and by his vicious persecution of the Franciscans of the Immaculate
This truth was lost or buried in a media witch-hunt that disgracefully associated Assange with rape and misogyny The witch-hunt included voices who described themselves as on the left and as feminist
To thank him for his service, Campbell was paid $51,000 by FBI officials at a 2016 celebration dinner in Chrystal City When it emerged that Campbell had evidence against the Clinton Foundation, a Yahoo News article by Michael Isikoff (of FISA warrant application fame) slammed Campbell as a "disaster" potential witness
 officials and reporting them as proven fact — and nothing exemplifies this penchant better than reporting on the Gulf of Tonkin incident — perhaps one of most flagrant lies ever dreamed up as a justification for war According to the widely discredited official story, on August 2, 1964, the destroyer USS Maddox, while performing a signals intelligence patrol as part of DESOTO operations, was pursued by three North Vietnamese Navy torpedo boats of the 135th Torpedo Squadron
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use As long as Dwight and Steven Hammond remain in jail for what is obviously a gross miscarriage of justice, this matter remains a blight on the federal regulatory agencies and the criminal justice system
I have lost my diocese The headquarters of my archdiocese and my apostolate have been occupied by radical Islamists who want us to convert or die
What leaps to the eye from the mounting statistics is that decline in the exercise of the death penalty has kept close pace with decline in the Faith and church attendance It is sober fact that death s were liberally handed out in the heyday of Christendom, when the Faith was strong and governments legislated with an eye to the spiritual welfare of citizens whose sights were primarily on future bliss in heaven
The book is “The Meaning of THE HOLY QUR’AN,” a version of the Quran that was banned by the Los Angeles public school system, in February 2002, for containing numerous anti-Semitic commentaries In it, Jews are described as: “arrogant,” “jealous,” “selfish,” “spiteful,” “greedy,” “cursed,” “apes and swine,” and “under divine displeasure
” Black Death: ‘It’s 100 % Likely’ It Spreads To The UK And A ‘Ticking Time Bomb’ Ready To Decimate The World
“As with any disease, it’s a real worry that it mutates and become untreatable,” Hunter said So far, the majority of the recent cases of the black death have the been pneumonic plague, a more deadly form of the bubonic plague which devastated Europe’s population in the 1300s
To borrow Churchill’s definition of appeasement, stop feeding the alligator in the hopes that you will be eaten last For fifty years the Democrats have proven they will demonize conservatives as racist and sexist no matter how often they bow and scrape
The infection can be transmitted from person to person via airborne droplets from coughing or sneezing The incubation period is extremely short too, and an infected person may die within 12 to 24 hours of contracting the bacteria making cures in underdeveloped regions of the globe difficult at best
This is, indeed, a new fashion Some esteemed people shed tears about what the Jews call ‘the Holocaust
London Borough With Highest Percentage Of Muslims In UK Votes To Ban Trump From Entering I’m sure President Trump is deeply disappointed in not being able to enter Tower Hamlets
” “I personally know [Farrakhan], I’ve been to his home, done meetings, participated in events with him,” Davis told TheDC “I don’t regard Louis Farrakhan as an aberration or anything, I regard him as an outstanding human being who commands a following of individuals who are learned and articulate and he plays a big role in the lives of thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of people,” he emphasized later
Obama’s near messianic zealotry in his interactions with the mullahs severely compromised America’s national security and weakened its image on the international stage Worse, it emboldened the mullahs (appeasement tends to do that) who seemed to revel in Obama’s groveling
S  government has been putting extraordinary pressure on Ecuador to end his asylum and top U
Fortunately, the spacecraft is healthy and functioning properly, although it is currently in hibernation The mission controllers at the Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory in Laurel, Maryland, will bring the spacecraft out of its electronic slumber in June to begin a series of system checkouts and other activities to prepare it for the next record-breaking encounter
In a sign that the administration is looking to help Saudi Arabia get out of its dilemma, Pompeo urged Americans to be mindful of the extensive energy, economic and security ties between Riyadh and Washington, including efforts against what he called the world’s largest supporter of terrorism, Iran “The Saudis have been great partners in working alongside us on these issues,” Pompeo said
I just think a conversation about politics is more productive for the entire whole rather than taking my hat and yelling subjective words to me,” he told the local NBC affiliate A police report was filed and a man was fired for stealing the hat and the assault (throwing a drink in a Trump supporter’s face
In its revelations of fraudulent wars (Afghanistan, Iraq) and the bald-faced lies of governments (the Chagos Islands), WikiLeaks has allowed us to glimpse how the imperial game is played in the 21st century That is why Assange is in mortal danger
, Brazil and Germany The heavy downloading in Spain, Brazil and Germany likely reflected attempts to evade extremely restrictive handgun regulations in those countries
Being the paragon of political-correctness and queen of virtue-signaling opportunism, Hillary Clinton sat down with Recode’s Kara Swisher this weekend to answer questions about just how evil and awful conservative opponents have been in the last few months The conversation began normally, with Clinton hypocritically toeing the progressive line of identity politics by explaining how each of the groups are different but can be managed by the same liberal movement:
The imam said he was unaware of the training of the children for school shootings, but his mosque has been known to attract Islamic jihadis over the years "It sounds to me it sounds crazy
He can’t be in the room with her, apparently because she’s still traumatized and may start experiencing flashbacks So much for “I am woman, hear me roar
Popular at home but increasingly at odds politically and economically with mainstream European Union peers, Orban has thrived on external controversy, including repeated clashes with Brussels and lately the United Nations Those conflicts, mostly centered on migration since people fleeing war and poverty in the Middle East and Africa flooded into Europe in 2015, have intensified as the elections approach and Orban poses as a savior of Europe’s Christian nations
Jewish groups had criticized Boudreau’s report, saying it ignored anti-Semitic language used on Facebook by a group called Democratize SSMU The group was urging students to vote against Lew, and two other board members who were deemed to be pro-Israel, alleging “layers of corruption” within the student government and favouritism in appointing board members, then singled out three members of the board “who are all either fellows at the Canadian Jewish Political Affairs Committee, an organization whose explicit mandate is to promote pro-Israel discourse in Canadian politics, or primary organizers for the anti-BDS initiative at McGill
A return to integral Tradition is the threat that Faggioli sees as coming particularly from the young Irony of ironies, he is now reduced to defending what is old and tired and corrupt against a restoration, led largely by a youthful vanguard, of what is ever ancient but ever new
So Trump’s solution was more show-biz A much ballyhooed flight to Singapore, backslapping a delighted Kim, and a love-fest between the two chunky leaders was sold to Americans as the dawn of peace
It's wrong Ford didn't even think to act, according to her testimony, until Kavanaugh was on the short list, but did she go to local law enforcement?
In January, the pope was accused of insensitivity and tone-deafness after insisting, during a visit to Chile, that local abuse survivors had no “proof” against a bishop who allegedly witnessed abuse and failed to report it Following an outcry, Francis apologized for his remarks, held private meetings with victims at the Vatican, and, after envoys he sent to Chile backed up victims’ claims, the entire leadership of the Chilean Catholic church tendered their resignations
The same administration that was against mandatory minimums for its drug dealers and gang members went to court to defend mandatory minimums under the Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act While Obama pardoned drug dealers and locked up ranchers, Trump pardons ranchers and locks up drug dealers
"This was a test and I think we passed the test," he said "Journalists need to know that in this country their First Amendment rights of freedom of the press are sacred, they're protected in our Constitution," Acosta said
Trump sought to set up Kim as a bogeyman, and himself as America’s savior Trump knew perfectly well that he could not destroy all of North Korea’s deeply buried nuclear-armed missiles, and, in spite of his huffing and puffing, had no stomach for an invasion of North Korea that could cost the US an estimated 250,000 casualties
S  officials permitted him to return home with a Red wife, without even one grand-jury summons or even an iota of harassment
The reason this little incident shouldn't be let go of so soon is that it is one of the clearest demonstrations of the media's bias, which we all have, lies and propaganda It should be used over and over in article after article to remind people about the total dishonesty and complete disregard for reporting the facts by outlets such as CNN and to not blindly trust self-proclaimed fact-checkers who will not tell you the truth either
Jonathan Cook, a former Guardian writer, makes a similar point: The truth is that the Guardian has not erred in this latest story attacking Assange, or in its much longer-running campaign to vilify him
Since Oct  1, 2009, ERO has removed more than 1,700 foreign fugitives from the United States who were sought in their native countries for serious crimes, including kidnapping, rape and murder
” This student, who is known to me but whom I cannot name because she is a minor, has given students our address and is encouraging them to come to my home over this whole thing Another student told my daughter that she and the first student and her adult friends are going to kill me and carve a satanic star in my chest and rip out my organs
Do we accept that outcome, pack up and go home? Or do we leave our forces in Syria and Iraq and defy any demand from Assad to vacate his country?
They will be crucified in the media, yes But they will also be doing their sacred duty before God in reassuring their thoroughly scandalized flocks that they are absolutely committed to the defense and enforcement of the Church’s moral teaching at a time when it is under scurrilous attack from within
He also referred to Michel's ultimatum as unacceptable and shocking “Hungary has never admitted and will never admit illegal immigrants, irrespective of whether there is any pressure in this direction along the borders or from Brussels,” Szijjártó said
Of course, as with the number of illegal immigrants entering our county, the Feds downplay the actual number which always ends up to be more than quadruple their stated number What we seem to have here with the illegal immigration situation today is some very good actors on the Left accusing the Trump Administration of being cruel and insensitive with separating children from their families once they cross the Mexican border into the US
It is very good that you are doing this, Dennis, because even in the media outside the mainstream, there is this silence about Julian The streets outside the embassy are virtually empty, whereas they should be full of people saying that we are with you
This is worse than Clarence Thomas I didn't think it could get any worse than that
The infection can be transmitted from person to person via airborne droplets from coughing or sneezing The incubation period is extremely short too, and an infected person may die within 12 to 24 hours of contracting the bacteria making cures in underdeveloped regions of the globe difficult at best
One would think that they would find Zakkout’s actions and bigotry unacceptable, as well, yet Zakkout continues to serve unchallenged If the board members of Crime Stoppers and Citizens’ Crime Watch do not wish to be associated with anti-Semitism or white supremacism or Hamas or Holocaust denial or Steve Anderson or David Duke or Louis Farrakhan, then they must cut ties with Sofian Zakkout
© EPA Pope Francis's trip to Chile and Peru was overshadowed by he row A victim of a paedophile priest in Chile has revealed he wrote to the Pope in 2015 about an alleged cover-up after Francis denied getting evidence
 market, get a strong hold on our uranium, and without a doubt we knew they were using political levers to try to get their way here We are talking about control, like this document says, they are trying to gain control of our markets
For heaven’s sake, the men who govern the Church today require a Vatican summit meeting to agonize over whether serial child molesters should be defrocked From the Vatican on down, through deliberate decisions and criminal neglect, the servitors of Vatican II have laid waste to the liturgy, the perennial clarity of Catholic teaching, the Church’s militant opposition to worldly thinking, the traditional formation in seminaries, the religious orders, the missions, the trust of the faithful in their own priests—in short, the very life of the Church—and dare to call it a renewal
While the negotiations with Ms  Ford’s attorneys for her testimony were underway, Democrats were sitting on the latest allegations, ready to pounce as soon as Ms
Trump criticized how the FBI handled the Russia probe, accusing it of misleading the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) court, and of spying on his campaign “They know this is one of the great scandals in the history of our country because basically what they did is, they used [former Trump campaign aide] Carter Page, who nobody even knew, who I feel very badly for, I think he’s been treated very badly
Omar defended herself against charges of anti-Semitism in a July interview with ABC News, saying: “These accusations are without merit They are rooted in bigotry toward a belief about what Muslims are stereotyped to believe
None of these statements can be backed up by facts The facts refute their arguments, but beyond that, the Second Amendment recognizes the right to keep and bear arms is a right given to us by our Creator, not a permission we gain from government
He found a narrative from British counter-jihad groups closely aligned with the alt-right, such as Britain First and the founder of the English Defence League Tommy Robinson ” The British counter-jihad movement is thus swept into the same group of violent extremists as Osborne, because Ganesh “knows” they encouraged him
The Church, the depositary of the blessing of the New Covenant, signed in the blood of the Lamb, is holy but made up of sinners, as Saint Ambrose wrote: the Church is “immaculata ex maculatis,” she is holy and spotless even though, in her earthly journey, she is made up of men stained with sin I want to recall this indefectible truth of the Church’s holiness to the many people who have been so deeply scandalized by the abominable and sacrilegious behavior of the former Archbishop of Washington, Theodore McCarrick; by the grave, disconcerting and sinful conduct of Pope Francis and by the conspiracy of silence of so many pastors, and who are tempted to abandon the Church, disfigured by so many ignominies
The Sun-Sentinel reports: Just hours after finishing a tumultuous election recount, Broward Supervisor of Elections Brenda Snipes submitted her resignation, ending a 15-year tenure full of botched elections, legal disputes and blistering criticism
According to a report by Fox News, Hogrefe said authorities had conducted surveillance of the compound while looking for the missing boy before he decided Thursday to get a search warrant The warrant was immediately obtained after a Georgia investigator forwarded a message in which someone at the compound reportedly told another person that people who were living in the shanty were starving and needed water
Bill Maher, for whatever unappealing drawbacks he has in conservatives’ eyes, has set a bold standard in this respect in his Burka Fashion Show skit American comedians need to start writing scripts that follow in Maher’s footsteps and Americans need to encourage and equip them to do so – and to also vigorously defend them from the attacks and slanders they will inevitably receive from totalitarian leftist and Islamic forces
Molester McCarrick: I hope I am Influential Roman: Talk him up
” Wilson created a ruckus in May 2013 when he announced his successful design of a plastic gun
 Gen  Carlos Castillo Armas, who proceeded to instigate a reign of terror across Guatemala
WHAT IS THE EXPLANATION? The Russians, the Chinese, the Iranians, and the North Koreans, as well as the rest of the world, desperately need to notice the extremely hostile reaction to peace on the part of the US Democratic Party, many members of the Republican Party, including the despicable US Republican Senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham, and the Western Presstitute Media, a collection of people on the CIA payroll according to the German newspaper editor, Udo Ulfkotte, and the CIA itself
8 – In coming to Goldman Sachs, Powell joined a firm that has long been deeply tied to the Clintons Dina Powell is everything that was wrong with the Bush administration
Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller Congress’ Top Cop: House Democratic Caucus Server VANISHED In Muslim Spy Ring Investigation
Yep, but I'm not sure I've seen any real hard evidence that torturing them has produced any information that has led to stopping terror attacks And before you tell me about the media reports and CIA involvement, just keep in mind that a former journalist, who is now dead, told the world that the media lies for the CIA
The latest outbreak of #BDStears comes from Dan Fishback and his supporters The American Jewish Historical Society was caught collaborating with JVP; a radical anti-Israel hate group with links to anti-Semitism
Trump has only the “deplorables,” and they are unorganized and will experience retribution once Trump is removed In striving to come to an agreement with Washington, Putin and Lavrov are butting their heads against a stone wall
The fact is that the CIA put in its request to Trump for continued secrecy of its JFK records long before yesterday But “Art of the Deal” Trump obviously sat on the request, undoubtedly hoping that he could get what he wanted in return if he just continued holding out and conveying that he was ready to release the records
Look how they doctored the video to not show what clearly took place and then lied about it, and I suppose Fox falls right in line with that behavior So, Fox joins with the least trusted name in news, the Clown News Network, to go after the White House on something that is the White House's prerogative and claim it's about free press
Any serious investigator would want to know who would be motivated And yet the possibility that it might be the dozen or so pissed-off people who went to work for the Clinton machine and learned from the inside that the DNC was all about getting rid of Bernie Sanders…this is not a part of the story!
So, according to Faggioli, the same Pope who sacks conservative bishops and cardinals according to his pleasure and has just removed a cardinal from the College of Cardinals in an unprecedented disciplinary act under fire from the media, is somehow powerless to dismiss Modernist bishops who have created an obscene “gay culture” in the Church and replace them with orthodox, normal heterosexual males Francis cannot “simply fire” even Cardinal Wuerl, who covered up crimes of homosexual predation by the priests he transferred elsewhere while Archbishop of Pittsburgh, and who authorized payment of $900,000 in hush money to bury sexual abuse claims against a homosexual priest involved in the production of child pornography
” Think about how one would apply concepts like “autonomy,” “viability,” “incapacity,” “quality of life” and “equitable distribution of scarce resources” to this context When the language of utilitarianism appears in Vatican documents as guiding criteria for the contemplative religious life, one has to wonder at what point has the entire project gone so disastrously off the rails
In fact, every single migrant who crosses over into our country will more than likely commit at least 28 crimes in order to present themselves as legal “The assault on our country at our Southern Border, including the Criminal elements and DRUGS pouring in, is far more important to me, as President, than Trade or the USMCA,” he wrote
What of public high schools across the country that we have been going into in order to educate the youth as to who we are, and not what the revisionists and propagandists would have them believe that we are We have shown the young people that abortion is murder and that 58 million babies have been murdered since 1973 under the guise of woman’s choice (Proverbs 6:17)
” He didn’t provide any support for his claim, which is contrary to evidence Kiko and Irving presented to Congress
7) ” They contest the idea that speaking in an “Islamophilic tone” will help those Christians who are suffering persecution in Muslim countries, professing that “apart from the fact that Jesus has never indicated any other way than that of the Cross, so that we must find our joy therein and not flee with all the damned, we do not doubt that only the proclamation of the Truth brings with it not only salvation, but freedom as well (John 8
Although the issue came to the attention of a much broader audience during the most recent papal trip, the outcry has been ongoing since his appointment to the southern Chilean diocese of Osorno in 2015 Barros was a student protégée of the charismatic homosexual/pederast predator Fernando Karadima, and went on to be ordained in 1984, made bishop in 1995 and appointed as bishop of the armed forces
First of all, the figure of six million is a historical lie In addition, claiming that it happened to the Jews alone excludes the non-Jews who were tortured by Hitler
Search warrant records showed that Haig was a person of interest in the investigation of the mass shooting As a result, Haig said that he has received death threats and people have pounded on his door to tell him that he deserves to die
The silence is Julian Assange As every false accusation has fallen away, every bogus smear shown to be the work of political enemies, Julian stands vindicated as one who has exposed a system that threatens humanity
Many sites have Patreon accounts or donate buttons Bookmark them and visit regularly – if they have ads, your visits help them to make the money they need to stay afloat
I got into this line of work because I felt there was a need for media that challenged mainstream assumptions and biases in politics I wanted to shed light on corruption and wrongdoing against oppressed peoples and cover the harsh truth about American foreign policy
At its core, this debate is about truth and our ability to judge right from wrong Could we possibly say, for instance, that it’s impossible to judge the presidency of Donald Trump relative to past presidents?
The video shows the man throwing his fountain drink at the table and shouting a racial slur According to Breitbart, in the mother’s post on Facebook, which has since been taken down, Patricia Spittler asks for help in identifying the man she called “scum bag of the year
“He did no one any wrong,” she said While the Free Thought Project consistently reports on police officers entering the wrong home during raids and killing, maiming, or traumatizing entirely innocent people, this is the first time we’ve reported a story of an off-duty cop going into the wrong home, on their way home, and killing someone
The status quo is not acceptable in Washington, and once people truly understand how deep the corruaption runs I believe that they will get motivated to finally drain the swamp once and for all So yes, I am going to share some things in this article that are truly disgusting, but the goal is to show you that it is time to take our government back from the corrupt career politicians that are completely and utterly out of control
The campaign to discredit Archbishop Viganò began instantaneously on the Catholic left wing Only hours after Viganò’s sworn testimony appeared online, the professional Catholic dissident Sean Michael Winters, writing for National Catholic Reporter, smeared the former Apostolic Nuncio to the United States, who holds doctorates in both civil and canon law, as “a trafficker in conspiracy theories who mixes fact, fiction and venom,” “more than a little obsessed with homosexuality”—like Oliver Stone, who “was obsessed with the grassy knoll”—“a disgruntled former employee” and “always a crackpot
“I am fighting to make sure our democracy works for and represents everyone who has ever put their faith in it I am fighting for every Georgian who cast a ballot with the promise that their vote would count,” Abrams said in a statement explaining her refusal to end her bid to become the first black woman elected governor in American history
” Lew and other board members passionately advocated in favor of ratification and their arguments ultimately prevailed over the naysayers The malevolent BDS campaign at McGill had belatedly come to an ignominious end; or so we thought
Nothing done in Helsinki made life easier for the Putin regime in its continued economic decay and diplomatic isolation due to the sanctions regime Any intellectually honest review of the last decade of foreign policy would lead one to admit that President Trump has most assuredly been tougher on Putin and Russia than Obama ever was
Can the Church Defend Herself Against Bergoglio? Fisher is rightly incensed by Bergoglio’s cunning response, “I will not say a single word on this , ” concerning Archbishop Viganò’s damning indictment of Bergoglio’s rehabilitation of the monster once known as Cardinal McCarrick for some five years before adverse worldwide press coverage forced to him to punish that serial homosexual rapist of whose crimes Viganò had personally informed him back in 2013—information of which Bergoglio was clearly already aware at that time, as Viganò testifies
What can the Church do when confronted by a Pope who, as a prominent cardinal declares to the whole world, “fail[s] to maintain and transmit faithfully … the deposit of faith contained in Sacred Tradition and Sacred Scripture” and is leading “an apostasy from the truth”? It seems absurd to argue that she can do nothing but exhort the faithful to pray and do penance while a papal malefactor, treated as if were an absolute dictator, is allowed to continue wreaking havoc upon faith and morals to the detriment of countless souls, without the least impediment, for so long as he shall live
But it wasn’t true At all
Molester McCarrick: I hope I am Influential Roman: Talk him up
A hat signed by @realDonaldTrump,” Joe Gallow wrote on Twitter #Update: Teen who made national news after having #MAGA hat stolen at a San Antonio fast food restaurant just got this in the mail
More courses study ‘Islam' than ‘Christianity' (34) The report’s visual representation of the results (right) shows how race, gender and ethnicity (or their variants) stand out as the history chart-toppers at Australian universities
“So I don’t think this is simply just a case, as bad as it is, of a cover-up of an abuser,” she said “This is also sexual exploitation of children in a grooming gang, a predator priest
Kavanaugh testified separately after Ford’s testimony concluded Kavanaugh stole the show
Whether or not justice involves the resignation of the most wayward Pope in Church history, the inevitable season of justice will culminate in the triumph of the Immaculate Heart of Mary and the Church’s restoration This will be a final victory over the enemies within and their apologists, such as Faggioli, who, in typical neo-Catholic style, imperiously scoffs at the notion of “a young clergy marked by personal sanctity but also by a fascination for a mythical Middle Ages” and busies himself defending an unsalvageable mass of corruption he dares to describe as “a Church-world relationship based on a principle of reality
An assassination of the president by the Soviet Union and Cuba is obviously an act of war That means nuclear war is about to break out because there is no way that the United States is going to sit idly by when the Reds have just assassinated America’s president
The cases headed to the supreme court in the future over what constitutes an unconstitutional search will undoubtedly be vast in number and detrimental in deciding how much freedom and privacy Americans get to keep As for if Kavanaugh gets appointed, Amash has some harsh words to those who are blindly supporting him based on party lines:
Geneva - The World Health Organisation chief on Wednesday said a deadly plague epidemic appeared to have been brought under control in Madagascar, but warned the next outbreak would likely be stronger "The next transmission could be more pronounced or stronger," WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus told reporters in Geneva, insisting that "the issue is serious
Are they that brainwashed by Western Propaganda? If Putin listens to these deluded fools, Putin will destroy Russia
Saris is clearly scheming to help Rombot escape deportation by disappearing into the almost 1 million illegal aliens absconding from Final Orders of Removal Time for Congress to impeach Saris and to remove authority from lesser courts to review immigration law enforcement, detention, and deportation decisions
” Over and over again, you can see that the Church was to stand in protest against the wicked that were at war with Christ (Revelation 12:17), in dealing with not only the corrupt and wicked priests, but also the corrupt and wicked in government
And we know exactly what the reaction would be if a student paper refused to publish any pro-Islamist content Jewish and Pro-Israel Students Kicked Off University Board for Opposing BDS
Sufficient of itself to expiate every sin which the children of Adam could ever commit, the execution of the Man-God nevertheless did not abolish the penalty of death It continues to be the wages of sin (Rom 6:23), and men must still submit to it sooner or later by forfeiting their lives, either willingly or unwillingly
'” “Glazov’s advice also involves the promotion of supporting moderate Muslims – a move that is, clearly, horrifying to Facebook’s masters and therefore also violates their ‘community standards,'” the report said
34 (as of 02:05 EDT - Details) Americans are so unaware that they have no idea of the risk that President Trump is taking by challenging the US military security complex
Such actions are sinful and scandalous and we cannot allow anyone to use their position or power to abuse another person Again, in addition to injuring individuals, these actions injure the very Body of Christ, His Church
An Anti-Semitic Purge At McGill University ​Despite suffering several public and humiliating reversals in various forums and venues, those pushing for boycotts, divestment and sanctions (BDS) against Israel have not dispensed with their pernicious campaign of hate
“Attorney General Barr—release the Mueller report to the American public Now,” Sen
They all comprise the old tactic of serially escalating demands that cannot be satisfied in order to compel your enemy to give in That Grassley and the Republicans would even participate in this absurd show trial is testimony to how deeply the progressive ideological narrative has burrowed into our social and political life
Meanwhile, the ‘journalists’ over at CNN are still trying to get to the bottom of exactly who spent the $100,000 on Facebook ads… FBI Informant “Threatened” After Offering Details Linking Clinton Foundation To Russian Bribery Case
” “The investigation is complete,” Justice Department spokeswoman Kerri Kupec told the newspaper The Mueller probe saw several within Trump's orbit indicted, but not Trump’s family or Trump himself
Trump's North Korean gamble ends with 'special bond' with Kim Nearly five hours of unprecedented and surreal talks between US President Donald Trump and North Korea's Kim Jong Un culminated on Tuesday with fulsome declarations of a new friendship but just vague pledges of nuclear disarmament
 District Court in New Mexico The 13-year-old also told the FBI that his mother believed she received messages from God, and that he watched her and Ibn Wahhaj perform supposed “exorcism” rituals over the three-year-old boy, including one during which the boy choked and his heart stopped, according to the special agent’s affidavit
Guardian ups its vilification of Julian Assange It is welcome that finally there has been a little pushback, including from leading journalists, to the Guardian’s long-running vilification of Julian Assange, the founder of Wikileaks
From the Vatican on down, through deliberate decisions and criminal neglect, the servitors of Vatican II have laid waste to the liturgy, the perennial clarity of Catholic teaching, the Church’s militant opposition to worldly thinking, the traditional formation in seminaries, the religious orders, the missions, the trust of the faithful in their own priests—in short, the very life of the Church—and dare to call it a renewal We must no longer subsidize the malpractice of the architects of ruin
"And I don’t want to go around insulting people I don’t want to paint with a broad brush every immigrant is this, every African-American is that, every, you know, other person with different religious beliefs or whatever – that’s childish
Sinema is proof: the Left hates America, and considers “right-wing extremists,” a term all too often applied to American patriots, far more of a threat than jihad terrorists It used to be that this fact was dismissed as hysterical hyperbole
This form of the pneumonic plague is airborne, easily spread by a cough or a sneeze, and has been responsible for two-thirds of all infections this year The bubonic form of the plague, responsible for the “Black Death” in the 14th century strikes the country each year and infects around 600 people
The only way to treat a person who has contracted the plague is with antibiotics But experts now warn that because they are being used so much to treat the infection, antibiotics resistance is inevitable and making this disease much more terrifying
His resilience is remarkable But he is still a human being and he has taken such a battering
Sadly, many of Judge Kavanaugh’s haters have thrown that rule aside If Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination is pulled as a result of the smears and character assassination, President Trump should immediately nominate someone on his short list such as Amy Coney Barrett and the Senate Republican majority should then push through the new nominee’s confirmation as soon as possible
[6] “justice and beneficence” are considered on behalf of the community, not the patient [7] Bioethicists take it as read that in order for a life to have sufficient “quality” it must demonstrate sufficient autonomy
(Catechism of the Catholic Church, 2357) Under no circumstances…except for those dreamed up by a number of bishops in this country who apparently think that it should be left up to individual parishes to decide if they are LGBTQ-friendly or not
Orbán warned that as Western Europe becomes saturated with Muslim occupants, Islamists would soon seek to stream in to his country from both Western Europe as well as from Islamic nations “This means that the Islamic civilization, which always considers its vocation to convert Europe to what it calls the true faith, in the future will be knocking on the door of Central Europe not only from the south, but from the west, as well,” he said
“All the Special Counsel needs, in order to charge a subject of an investigation with lying to a prosecutor, is a single witnesses willing to contradict the subject “The witness may not only be “singing,” he may also be “composing” — that is, making up or embellishing a story because he knows that the better his story, the better the deal
As many as 50 aid workers are believed to have been among the 1,200 people infected with the more dangerous airborne pneumonic strain of the disease Officials Warn: Airborne Black Death Epidemic Could ‘Explode’
Maybe this group of people should ask their enemies for instructions as to how change is brought about, and in a righteous sense reverse the lawlessness-taking place in this country (Matthew 24:12) These groups of people are simply enemies of the cross of Christ and know not the power of God unto salvation (Philippians 3:18)
She said that she did her research on me and said that the media really attacked me I responded with, "Of course they did, and of course they still do
You don't drain the swamp by appointing the swamp And Powell is one of the worst swamp creatures in D
“There will be such diversity of opinions and schisms among the people, the religious and the clergy, that, except those days were shortened, according to the words of the Gospel, even the elect would be led into error, were they not specially guided, amid such great confusion, by the immense mercy of God… “Those who persevere in their fervor and adhere to virtue with love and zeal for the truth, will suffer injuries and persecutions as rebels and schismatics; for their persecutors, urged on by the evil spirits, will say they are rendering a great service to God by destroying such pestilent men from the face of the earth…
“I don’t think there is a fancy way to say that I have sinned It is important to me that everybody who has been hurt know that the sorrow I feel is genuine — first and most important, my family, also my friends, my staff, my Cabinet, Monica Lewinsky and her family, and the American people
Malcolm Turnbull can remain silent Or he can seize this opportunity and use his government’s diplomatic influence to defend the life of an Australian citizen, whose courageous public service is recognised by countless people across the world
" Does not the Syrian government have a point?
In the process, however, he misidentified Hasan as Nidal Hussein and said the shooting happened at Fort Knox in Kentucky He also said Hasan had died a martyr, though in fact he remains alive on military death row
Click below to Subscribe to The Remnant's YouTube channel! Yet Fisher maintains a sliver of space for deniability in order to maintain that indispensable distinction between her and those loathsome traditionalists: “I don’t have any ideological reason to want to bring him down
” If putting the cart of exoneration before the horse of investigation were not enough, Comey’s draft statement underwent various language changes over the course of the next two months, including, most importantly, changing the description of Clinton’s handling of classified information from “grossly negligent” to “extremely careless
But in the instant case, McGill’s BDS campaigners dispensed with their traditional charade and overtly launched their attack against Jews The vitriolic BDS campaign immediately sparked outrage among watchdog groups and politicians prompting McGill principal, Suzanne Fortier, to announce that the school would be conducting an investigation into the matter
Would Ted Cruz and police officers be following this same narrative if the roles were reversed? If it was Botham Jean, a black man, walking into the apartment of Amber Guyger, a white female cop, and killing her—would police and Ted Cruz simply write it off as a tragic accident?
It is no surprise, therefore, that Frontpage’s editor, and host of ‘The Glazov Gang,’ was suspended from Facebook for 30 days yesterday, on September 11, after posting his article, ‘9 Steps to Successfully Counter Jihad ’ Glazov believed that the article was more relevant and urgent than ever due to the skyrocketing jihadist stabbings in Europe — and to the 17th anniversary of 9/11 that was approaching the next day
How inconvenient that during a global prelate homosexual coverup scandal, the 2018 Synodal Bishop Conferences are exploring for ways during the Synod to discuss ways in which homosexual youths want to be “closer” to the Church! How inconvenient that since 2013 during Francis’ impromptu airplane presser when he cleverly sent a powerful message to homosexual clerics, “Who Am I to Judge,” now Francis must judge the criminal predatory conduct of homosexual clergy and prelates who preyed on youth and seminarians
Now we hear the father of Muslim spy ring Imran Awan transferred a USB drive to a Pakistani senator and former head of a Pakistani intelligence agency CAPITOL POLICE ACCIDENTALLY GAVE EVIDENCE TO HOUSE HACKING SUSPECT’S DEFENSE ATTORNEY By Luke Rosiak on May 24, 2018:
” Needless to say, many were completely unsatisfied with Franken’s very weak statement
The Cardinal knows this is moral and canonical nonsense No Catholic, whether or not he consults a priest, can declare for himself that his marriage in the Church was invalid, especially when—indeed because—he lacks canonical proof of invalidity
The handover was done with much fanfare, then the US, France and Britain attacked Libya and overthrew Kadaffi The hapless Libyan leader was eventually murdered by French agents
Believing Catholics have watched aghast as this pope has habitually trampled on every aspect of Catholic teaching Sandro Magister recently published a piece on his website that listed in dizzying detail the many times, in only the last few months, that pope Francis has falsified with obvious intention, the words of Christ in Scripture and the teaching of the Church
 Clinton’s affair with White House intern Monica Lewinsky “It’s absurd,” Ms
Shapira failed to note that Helms was convicted in a federal district court of lying to Congress under oath about another CIA regime-change operation ten years after the Kennedy assassination in Chile Interesting enough, in the Chile regime-change operation, the CIA and the Pentagon were telling their counterparts in the Chilean national-security establishment that they had a moral duty to violate their nation’s constitution and violently remove their nation’s democratically elected president, Salvador Allende, from office
Too bad the mainstream press has never given that manual the consideration it deserves If it did, it might not be so deferential to the deal that Trump and the CIA are about to make to continue the JFK assassination cover-up by continuing to keep some of the CIA’s decades-old JFK’s related assassination records secret from the American people
No, this change in the Church began one century before [the Council] Pope Pius VI said during the French Revolution that if the Church continues to remain under the influence of the prince of the revolution, then, in the future a crisis will come upon the Church
” It's not just people harassing Haig at his home: Conspiracy theorists online have seized on Haig's engineering background to lob wild claims about the Las Vegas shooting
 Bush, and Obama regimes created between the two superpowers Yes, Russia is a superpower
57 (as of 06:55 EDT - Details) Growing US hysteria over North Korea, a nation of only 25 million, recalls the propaganda storm launched by Washington to justify its invasion of equally small Iraq
In fact, there are already signs of him doing that in this report Much of the information that he uses to chastise Strzok’s behavior and judgment in the Clinton email case, would have actually come from his current investigation into the Russia mess
As The New York Times reported early last year, Trump ordered the firing of the special counsel, but reversed course after the then-White House Counsel Don McGahn said he would resign instead of executing Trump’s order Still, even after the Mueller probe officially wraps, it is very much the beginning, not a dramatic end, to Trumpworld’s wide-ranging legal woes
FOR THE FIRST TIME ONLINE: Archbishop Lefebvre’s Prophetic Address to The Remnant, 1976 On that occasion Archbishop Lefebvre delivered an address on the desperate state of the Church at that time—42 years ago—that was never transcribed or published until we did so for the December 15, 2017 print edition of The Remnant
It has always existed, particularly in the United States The Pulitzer Prize this year was awarded to The New York Times and The Washington Post for witch-hunting around Russia-gate!
I'm sure NewsGuard, Yemile Bucay, Anna-Sophie Harling and Amy Westfeldt need to update this in the light of the obvious lies and editing of the Acosta video and decades of documented, outright lies and propaganda by the Clown News Network, but you can't expect real transparency from an outlet like Newsguard whose writers aren't transparent about their own political bias, can you? Nope, you can't, and you can't expect it when some of those writers write for other publications that don't measure up to NewsGuard's standards either
ICE Deputy Director Thomas Homan said in a statement Tuesday, The Oakland mayor’s decision to publicize her suspicions about ICE operations further increased that risk for my officers and alerted criminal aliens — making clear that this reckless decision was based on her political agenda
There weren’t the cameras around It is indeed shocking information but it informs people, and we have Chelsea Manning’s courage to thank for that
Police also said they found two fired cartridge casings, a police backpack and vest, and a metal marijuana grinder—the horror Even if police did find marijuana, why on earth would they execute a search warrant on an innocent dead man’s home and then release that information to the public?
 Sanders wrote on Monday, suggesting that the onus was on the press corps to ensure that a “code of conduct” did not become necessary That notion read more like a warning — behave or else — and the Correspondents’ Association seemed unmoved
Some Democratic legal observers note Abrams would be dependent on statues that set a high bar for the court to intervene Abrams Republican challenger, Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp, has held the lead and is expected to be declared the winner on Friday, charged that Abrams has led a “publicity stunt” and her refusal to concede the election serves as a “ridiculous temper tantrum
The apartment was dark and when she saw "a large silhouette," Guyger thought she was being burglarized, the affidavit says The affidavit says Guyger drew her gun, "gave verbal commands that were ignored" and fired twice
They include being caught in flagrante in an elevator with a teenaged male prostitute, and his sexual relationship with a captain in the Swiss army So flagrant was Ricca’s behaviour that it took intervention by Uruguay’s nuncio to have him removed
The British government, in imprisoning Tommy Robinson, has shown itself willing to incarcerate people for having opinions that it considers unacceptable That heralds the death of Britain as a free society and the beginning of an authoritarian police state there, unless this slide to totalitarianism is stopped now
The apartment was dark and when she saw "a large silhouette," Guyger thought she was being burglarized, the affidavit says The affidavit says Guyger drew her gun, "gave verbal commands that were ignored" and fired twice
Before the recordings were released, Danneels had also denied all knowledge of sexual abuse by clergy or cover-ups In the book, Colonna asks the question, “What happened to ‘Zero Tolerance’ for clerical sexual offenders?” He wrote that data presented by the Vatican the UN Human Rights Commission in January 2014 showed that Benedict XVI “had defrocked or suspended more than 800 priests for past sexual abuse between 2009 and 2012,” including the notorious Fr
The authors of the letter even lie about the nature of the broad-based request, claiming Trump is selectively declassifying information to save himself “The action he has taken, to direct your agencies to selectively disclose classified information that he believes he can manipulate publicly to undermine the legitimacy and credibility of the Special Counsel’s [Robert Mueller] investigation, is a brazen abuse of power
On the other hand, this focus allows the administration to perpetuate the destructive fantasy that there are other types of “extremists” — who just happen to be the Left’s political opponents — that pose a great threat to the country For example, as Stephen Coughlin has revealed, the “violent extremists” the administration is clearly worried about are the “right-wing Islamophobes” whom the administration obviously considers to be the real threat to American security
The first order of business is to scuttle the upcoming October Synod on Young People, the Faith, and Vocational Discernment Remember that influential Roman gentleman friend of McCarrick who said that Bergoglio could reform the Church in 5 years?
Though he had lifted the title of his August anti-Trump polemic, "Conscience of a Conservative," from Barry Goldwater, Jeff Flake is no Barry Goldwater Goldwater took on the GOP establishment in the primaries, voted against the Civil Rights Act of 1964, defiantly declared, "Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice," and then went down to defeat battling to the end after the assassination of JFK made LBJ invincible
For obvious reasons I can’t identify them, even to say what country they are in Writing to me in English, by way of introductory comments in their longer analysis of the document that will be forthcoming, Sister T, fully professed and a senior member of the monastery’s council, said, “The Cor Orans document is the death-knell of Carmel
Even today, there is little value in opposing the threat of a closed society by imitating its arbitrary restrictions Even today, there is little value in insuring the survival of our nation if our traditions do not survive with it
Label the Enemy and Make a Threat Assessment The Obama administration continues to refuse to label our enemy and, therefore, it continues to enable our defeat in the terror war
I encourage all parents looking at alternatives to government schools —alternatives that provide children with a well-rounded education that introduces them to the history and ideas of liberty — to go to RonPaulCurriculum com for more information about my homeschooling program
After interacting with President Trump – Acosta said he wanted to “challenge” him on calling the Central American caravans an “invasion” – the president called upon another reporter to speak After lecturing Trump, Acosta belligerently refused to yield the microphone to a White House staffer and pushed her arm away as she reached for the device, all of which was captured on video
” “My god will wipe this country (America) from the face of the earth
The center of my testimony was that since at least June 23, 2013, the pope knew from me how perverse and evil McCarrick was in his intentions and actions, and instead of taking the measures that every good pastor would have taken, the pope made McCarrick one of his principal agents in governing the Church, in regard to the United States, the Curia, and even China, as we are seeing these days with great concern and anxiety for that martyr Church Now, the pope’s reply to my testimony was: “I will not say a word!” But then, contradicting himself, he has compared his silence to that of Jesus in Nazareth and before Pilate, and compared me to the great accuser, Satan, who sows scandal and division in the Church — though without ever uttering my name
Deep State officials like ex-CIA chief John Brennan are in panic mode Deep State DOJ tool Rod Rosenstein refuses to comply with Trump’s executive order as afforded him by the US Constitution
06 Buy New $8 93 (as of 01:15 EDT - Details) She describes this assistance as a “silent donation” Mario then says that Google helped Voto Latino create ad campaigns to promote those rides
Any government or person who trusts America or any Western country is stupid beyond belief The entire Russiagate hoax is an orchestration by the military/security complex, led by John Brennen, Comey, and Rosenstein
No, Bergoglio must go The successors of the Apostles, the only ones in a position to end his rampage, must demand his resignation and, should he refuse as expected, act in this unprecedented emergency to declare his removal from the office he has criminally abused and whose very credibility he threatens to destroy
” The government needs, he said, to “implement a concrete ‘countering-jihad’ strategy
 2, where he was seeking papers to marry his fiancée Turkish media reports, based in part on apparent audio recordings, have said Khashoggi was beaten to death and then dismembered in the building
 Merkel or President Macron Take notice: the future is ours and not yours
If the insane neoconservatives, such as Max Boot, William Kristol, and the rest of the neocon scum get their way, the US, the UK, and Europe will be a radioactive ruin for thousands of years House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi (CA), Minority Leader of the US House of Representatives, declared that out of fear of some undefined retribution from Putin, a dossier on Trump perhaps, the President of the United States sold out the American people to Russia because he wants to make peace: “It begs the question, what does Vladimir Putin, what do the Russians have on Donald Trump—personally, politically and financially that he should behave in such a manner?” The “such a manner” Pelosi is speaking about is making peace instead of war
FrontPage Magazine reported: Facebook’s Unholy Alliance masters are, without doubt, accelerating their totalitarian suffocation of free thought and expression
And despite her realization that she has no authority over immigration policy, or that she will just be overruled, Saris again reaches, basing her assumption of authority over immigration based on the past Obama Regime Administrative Amnesty , when illegal aliens weren't deported Kritarch Saris is in the wrong on both counts; she has neither authority over the detention of illegal aliens nor any authority to continue the Obama Regime Administrative Amnesty
 troop commitment to Syria, he said, is now open-ended Our goals: Guarantee al-Qaida and ISIS do not return and set up sanctuary; cope with rising Iranian influence in Damascus; and pursue the removal of Bashar Assad's ruthless regime
With not a penny going to WikiLeaks, a hyped Guardian book led to a lucrative Hollywood movie deal The book’s authors, Luke Harding and David Leigh, gratuitously abused Assange as a “damaged personality” and “callous”
Too many government schools are more concerned with promoting political correctness than ensuring that students receive a good education Even if cultural Marxism did not dumb down education, concerns that government schools are indoctrinating children with beliefs that conflict with parents’ political, social, and even religious beliefs would motivate many families to homeschool
Gun confiscation has started in America—and President Trump’s Stalinist statements about taking guns first and worrying about due process later is the banner under which this is happening When Trump promised to add “mental health” regulations to gun purchases and ownership, he opened Pandora’s Box
However, she will not let it go quietly into the night What we have here is that Saris realized she has no authority over the deportation of illegal aliens, but she will do her best to throw a wrench in the works by attempting to get illegal aliens released from custody, so they can then disappear into the United States and consequently not be deported
Governments are nothing more than a handful of people and have no right to aggress against others But humans are taught at a young age to never question this and that belief has kept most of humanity enslaved for centuries
“FBI Agent Peter Strzok (on the Mueller team) should have recused himself on day one He was out to STOP THE ELECTION OF DONALD TRUMP
In Germany, in the US, in Canada, in Italy, in Britain… throughout the Church in the 1st world, and in much of it elsewhere, the men in charge of the “institutional Church” – that is, whose names are on the bank accounts – are dedicated to the destruction of everything we want to preserve The wolves are now looking with ravening eyes at the faithful
“You didn’t give a damn back then You, Dicky Durban [sic], are a complete FRAUD
When the head of the Church himself does not much feel bound by the tradition or impartial laws he has inherited, what then?” What then indeed? The Dictator Pope even feels at liberty to demand that the Lord’s Prayer be changed to reflect his dissatisfaction with God’s words: “And lead us not into temptation [et ne nos inducas in tentationem],” which Francis has decided, after 2,000 years, is a “not a good translation
3D printers make the already extremely difficult job of controlling access to guns practically impossible The government is not going to be able to ban guns, and limits on the size of bullet magazines will be even more laughable than before
” Again, if you liked Obama-era, world-on-fire, Russians everywhere State Department shenanigans, this is your guy
As for if Kavanaugh gets appointed, Amash has some harsh words to those who are blindly supporting him based on party lines: “When Kavanaugh is on the Supreme Court, undermining our #4thAmendment right against unreasonable searches and seizures, it will be too late for others to join me
I put her in various positions and take pictures of her,’” Franken was quoted saying The article, along with a 2000 Playboy column in which Franken talked about fantasizing a machine would perform oral sex on him, was used to attack Franken during his 2008 Senate campaign in Minnesota
All are federal crimes Trump also continued to cast himself as a victim in the matter, saying when he attempts to “FIGHT BACK or say anything bad about the Rigged Witch Hunt,” his critics “scream Obstruction!”
The mother posted the video of the incident on Facebook as evidence of her claims The woman claimed a man became extremely angry at her teenage son and his group of friends because one of them wore a “Make American Great Again” hat, KENS5 reported
Sooner or later Putin and Lavrov will have to acknowledge that Once Putin and Lavrov realize the true situation, they will understand that war or surrender is their only option
They thought he was just some kind of a circus sideshow act They couldn’t have been more wrong
In fact, Saris' actions appear to more akin to that of the Mexican kritarch Monica Herranz who aided an illegal alien to escape arrest by ICE when she let that illegal alien leave her courtroom through the exit to her judicial chambers Saris is clearly scheming to help Rombot escape deportation by disappearing into the almost 1 million illegal aliens absconding from Final Orders of Removal
Deep State Insurrection Defying POTUS Trump’s Order Deep State officials like ex-CIA chief John Brennan are in panic mode
” Trump: ‘Let people see it’
As to matters of purely ecclesiastical law such as this one the Church has always allowed for departures from traditional practice in cases of emergency or grave necessity And just as a synod was employed to address three rival claimants to the papal throne in 1046, declaring at least two of them deposed, so today might it be possible for reform-minded cardinals and bishops, comprising an imperfect council, to undo the incalculable damage caused by the cabal that lobbied for Bergoglio’s election before the last conclave—a cabal that included none other than McCarrick, whom Bergoglio rewarded by rehabilitating that monster despite the massive evidence of his unspeakable crimes
Can the Church Defend Herself Against Bergoglio? Fisher is rightly incensed by Bergoglio’s cunning response, “I will not say a single word on this , ” concerning Archbishop Viganò’s damning indictment of Bergoglio’s rehabilitation of the monster once known as Cardinal McCarrick for some five years before adverse worldwide press coverage forced to him to punish that serial homosexual rapist of whose crimes Viganò had personally informed him back in 2013—information of which Bergoglio was clearly already aware at that time, as Viganò testifies
To eradicate these, Muslims are required to wage war until there exists none of it in the world, and the only religion is that of Allah Wills doesn’t mention the existence of such interpretations, even to dismiss them
Keeping quiet has allowed the great atrocities of histories to take place If Julian is allowed to be spirited away to some super-max hellhole, it will be a great atrocity
" Kim assumed power after his father Kim Jong Il, also a brutal dictator, died in 2011
First They Came for Alex Jones — We Told You We Were Next — We Were October 11, 2018, will be remembered in history as the day the tech giants attempted to wipe out independent, liberty-minded, antiwar media from the airwaves
“His testimony was powerful, honest, and riveting Democrats’ search and destroy strategy is disgraceful and this process has been a total sham and effort to delay, obstruct, and resist
In the early twelfth century, the Fatimid caliph Al-Amir bi-Ahkamillah issued this edict: Now, the prior degradation of the infidels in this world before the life to come—where it is their lot—is considered an act of piety; and the imposition of their poll tax [jizya], “until they pay the tribute out of hand and have been humbled” (Koran 9:29) is a divinely ordained obligation…
The mullahs have become cognizant of the fact that there’s a new sheriff in town, one that backs up tough talk with action and doesn’t ask “how high” when they say “jump ” Clearly, the IRGC’s new docile posture in the Arabian Gulf is a direct consequence of this realization
©2018 Los Angeles Times, Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC The radical leftist gun grabbing anti-liberty California General Xavier Becerra is lying when he says the “Trump Administration inexplicably gave the green light to distribute on the internet blueprints of 3D-printed, untraceable ghost guns
POGO co-signed a letter to Senator Dianne Feinstein and Senator Grassley along with a variety of lefty groups demanding Kavanaugh records This was the obstruction tactic of choice of the left for trying to secure the Court seat before they fastened on to this latest smear
Genesis 19:4-5 The angels then proceed to blind all the men of Sodom and Gomorrah and urge Lot and his family to flee from the cities to escape the wrath that God was about to deliver Lot and his family flee the city, and then "the LORD rained down burning sulfur on Sodom and Gomorrah — from the LORD out of the heavens
Federal prosecutors say that between Dec  2017 and August 2018, the group, who are either siblings or related by marriage, had “a common plan to prepare for violent attacks on government, military, educational and financial institutions
“Interesting: The new CIA Director Haspel, who ‘tortured some folks,’ probably can’t travel to the EU to meet other spy chiefs without facing arrest due to an @ECCHRBerlin complaint to Germany’s federal prosecutor,” tweeted Snowden Interesting: The new CIA Director Haspel, who "tortured some folks," probably can't travel to the EU to meet other spy chiefs without facing arrest due to an @ECCHRBerlin complaint to Germany's federal prosecutor
We will not be gagged anymore No more tyranny
They destroyed evidence, despite the fact that the investigation was new and ongoing New charges were filed against the devout (“extremist)” Muslims
Can the Church Defend Herself Against Bergoglio? Fisher is rightly incensed by Bergoglio’s cunning response, “I will not say a single word on this , ” concerning Archbishop Viganò’s damning indictment of Bergoglio’s rehabilitation of the monster once known as Cardinal McCarrick for some five years before adverse worldwide press coverage forced to him to punish that serial homosexual rapist of whose crimes Viganò had personally informed him back in 2013—information of which Bergoglio was clearly already aware at that time, as Viganò testifies
’ Glazov believed that the article was more relevant and urgent than ever due to the skyrocketing jihadist stabbings in Europe — and to the 17th anniversary of 9/11 that was approaching the next day The report said it appears “that daring to give suggestions on how our civilization can stop jihadist attacks and another 9/11 is against Facebook’s ‘community standards
He's worth about $80 million today, aided by an aggressive schedule of speaking events – many of which paid him six-figure fees for individual appearances In a March essay for Vanity Fair magazine, Lewinsky wrote that 'what transpired between Bill Clinton and myself was not sexual assault, although we now recognize that it constituted a gross abuse of power
Clearly, Ford has been outed as a radical political activist who promotes baby murder and other unlawful actions However, her story didn't exactly lend credibility except with Democrat members of the Senate Judiciary Committee, one of which has openly professed to sexual assault
” To keep up everyone’s morale, the museum staff, while bombs were falling and they and their patrons were equally starving, continued to give tours and lectures, describing perfectly the artworks that had been removed
If the board members of Crime Stoppers and Citizens’ Crime Watch do not wish to be associated with anti-Semitism or white supremacism or Hamas or Holocaust denial or Steve Anderson or David Duke or Louis Farrakhan, then they must cut ties with Sofian Zakkout The time is long overdue that these groups maintain their credibility and remain true to their stated missions of protecting and safeguarding the American public
Homeschooling Expands As Parents Seethe Over Liberal Social Engineering And Violence Homeschooling rates are skyrocketing as parents are continually getting more and more upset at the leftist social engineering taking place in public schools
He then said people need to stop thinking these people are a threat “I keep trying to point out to people not to demonize any one group or any one ethnicity, but we keep thinking the biggest terror threat is something else,” Lemon said
Authorities have to start subjecting mosques and other Islamic institutions to surveillance — and discard the suicidal leftist notion that it is “racist” and Islamophobic to do so Islamic institutions have to be made to buffer their lip-service against terror with actually doing something about it
Finally, the CIA made its request for secrecy to Trump at least several weeks ago The notion that the CIA suddenly hit Trump yesterday with a new argument as to why “national security” would be threatened, after Trump had supposedly already rejected the arguments that had been presented to him, causing Trump to suddenly change his mind, is, well, laughable
In the past five weeks, there have been 21 suspected cases, including 17 deaths (CNN) The government of the Democratic Republic of Congo declared an outbreak of Ebola hemorrhagic fever, a rare and deadly disease, on Tuesday, the World Health Organization reported
“When jurisdictions choose to return criminal aliens to the streets rather than turning them over to federal immigration authorities, they put the public’s safety at risk,” the statement said “San Francisco’s decision to protect criminal aliens led to the preventable and heartbreaking death of Kate Steinle
That was all part of the plan That was the ingenious way that the CIA was able to get the investigation into the assassination squelched just as soon as Oswald was murdered
Dear Illegal Alien ‘Caravan’: Say, ‘Hola’ To Trump’s RAZOR Wire Remember those photos of migrants taunting security forces while sitting on top of the border fence?
“Federal Judge Denies New Mexico Compound Residents Bail,” by Vanessa Romo, KRWG, September 13, 2018: A federal judge denied bail on Wednesday to all five members of an extended family accused of operating a training camp for a violent attack on public institutions out of their isolated New Mexico compound
 Feinstein, ranking Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, said she received a letter about the incident in late July and referred the matter to federal authorities a week ago “During every step of this process, I’ve found every single piece of information from Dr
This man whom we had believed a “champion of orthodoxy,” whom we thought we knew Error, even heresy and blasphemy are pouring daily out of the mouth of his successor, who has, literally, turned the Vatican into a den of thieves, and we hear nothing but the occasional, carefully worded statement on how fine everything is
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Instead, President Trump’s POLICIES have actually made life more difficult for Putin at every turn
Trump then called on Congress to correct the problems created by legislation with more legislation “The laws are obsolete, the laws are horrible, having to do with the border, both in terms of security and in terms of taking care of people,” he said
“And his report must also be made public Now
How long is this comic opera going to continue? If the jihadis advance even into the FBI’s Sacramento offices, will agents there be struggling to determine the jihadis’ motive even as the machete begins to slice through their necks?
And I am building a seminary in Switzerland It is impossible to do all this without God’s assistance
Experts say the epidemic could still worsen as the death tolls hit 124 and more than 1,300 are left infected The World Health Organization (WHO) has now issued alarming warnings in nine countries too
S  military to close the border with Mexico to stop an “assault” on the nation by a caravan of migrants from Central America, according to a report by Bloomberg
The Hammond Pardons Bring Justice to Obama's Victims The media very deliberately misreported the Bundy standoff, ridiculing the men involved and shrugging at the murder of LaVoy Finicum
San Francisco, meanwhile, has adjusted its policy to notify ICE if they are releasing suspected undocumented immigrants who face charges of serious or violent felonies "This tragedy could have been prevented if San Francisco had simply turned the alien over to ICE as we requested, instead of releasing him back onto the streets," ICE Director Thomas Homan said in a statement on Thursday
He corrupted generations of seminarians and priests and Pope Benedict ordered him to withdraw to a life of prayer and penance ” The Pope did not make the slightest comment about those very grave words of mine and did not show any expression of surprise on his face, as if he had already known the matter for some time, and he immediately changed the subject
Francis and Farrell’s 'Sinod' on the Youth, #StopThe Synod2018 During the last 5 years of this papacy, Francis and his Synodal Schemers masterfully manipulated, rigged, and exploited the synodal process
But after all, what could be more boring than a story than involves a Presidential candidate, the Syrian Christian crook who helped him buy his house, the Nation of Islam, and the most famous boxer of all time? Reading Obama’s 1995 memoir, you might almost get the impression that after a prudent first term, during his second he might side with, I dunno, Black Lives Matter and encourage a wave of black rage and police retreat that drove up the death toll from murder by 20% in his last two years in office, an incremental death toll a little bigger than the U
“‘I like taking the guns early, like in this crazy man’s case that just took place in Florida … to go to court would have taken a long time,’ Trump said at a meeting with lawmakers on school safety and gun violence “‘Take the guns first, go through due process second,’ Trump said
There may be a few gestures of disarmament but Kim must know that his nukes are his means of survival In case Kim didn’t remember the dire fate of Iraq, Libya, and Syria, Trump’s new national security advisor John Bolton, a fanatic’s fanatic, cheerfully recalled the doom of Libya’s murdered Col
I do think he would support anybody doing that stuff, Bill Nelson … But I don’t think he can say it just [be]cause he’s trying to get the moderates and the gun-toting people in North Florida
And Satan is going down And Farrakhan, by God’s grace, has pulled a cover off of that Satanic Jew, and I’m here to say your time is up, your world is through
 and Turkey, allies for six decades, with the largest armies in NATO, may soon be staring down each other's gun barrels Has President Trump thought through where we are going with this deepening commitment in Syria, where we have only 2,000 troops and no allies but the Kurds, while on the other side is the Syrian army, Hezbollah, Russia and Iran, and Shiite militias from Iraq, Afghanistan and Pakistan?
No one is demonizing an ethnicity but Don Lemon He is the one demonizing white men
” Whoever did provide that graphic footage, showing the brutality of the celebrated “surge” in Iraq, was certainly far more a patriot than the “mainstream” journalist embedded in that same Army unit He suppressed what happened in Baghdad that day, dismissed it as simply “one bad day in a surge that was filled with such days,” and then had the temerity to lavish praise on the unit in a book he called “The Good Soldiers
” America’s original national seal was “REBELLION TO TYRANTS IS OBEDIENCE TO GOD” with a picture on the inside of the seal showing the Pharaoh being overthrown by the sea with Moses and the children of Israel safe on the shore John Hancock, the first signer of the Declaration of Independence, said,
But health officials are now warning the deadly bacteria could mutate and become untreatable as it spreads across the globe Coupled with the high likelihood that this disease could spread globally by an infected traveler getting on a plane to Europe or America, health officials are now warning that the strain of plague which has already killed more than 140 Madagascar could mutate and become untreatable
As to Bergoglio in particular, he courageously states openly the truth that so many of his brethren know but fear to speak in public: I want to recall this indefectible truth of the Church’s holiness to the many people who have been so deeply scandalized by the abominable and sacrilegious behavior of the former Archbishop of Washington, Theodore McCarrick; by the grave, disconcerting and sinful conduct of Pope Francis and by the conspiracy of silence of so many pastors, and who are tempted to abandon the Church, disfigured by so many ignominies
The CIA’s ground? “National security” of course, the two most important and meaningless words in the American political lexicon
Awan told people Wasserman Schultz chose the name for his daughter, Leza — a Jewish name — and that the Florida congresswoman’s daughter regularly rode a horse that Awan kept at a boarding facility, sources with knowledge of the relationship told TheDCNF Wasserman Schultz cornered House Chief Administrative Officer Phil Kiko and called him a “fucking Islamophobe,” saying “you will not so much as take away their parking spots,” the two House employees said Kiko told them
Concerned clergy and laity throughout the Catholic world are doing what they can according to their stations But in the midst of that “final battle” over marriage and family of which Sister Lucia warned the late Cardinal Caffarra in light of the Third Secret of Fatima, within the human element of the Church only the cardinals and the bishops possess the divinely bestowed power to repel an assault on marriage, family and the very integrity of the Faith that is now, for the first time in Church history, being led by a Roman Pontiff
Investigative journalist Laura Loomer was informed by police in Minnesota that he wanted police protection from her when he found out she was attending the education forum that was held Saturday This is a man who follows a demonic religion, Islam, and supports cop killers
Are these really the values the US should be promoting? The CIA might as well start issuing uniforms decorated with skulls and lightning bolts
Wills’ naïve, inaccurate, misleadingly sunny view of the Qur’an, of course, accords with that of his fellow Leftist Catholic, Pope Francis Francis has proclaimedpreposterously that “authentic Islam and the proper reading of the Koran are opposed to every form of violence
You lied to me, didn’t you? You’re a liar, aren’t you?
You should learn to call them by their real name, ‘Satan ’ You’re coming face to face with Satan, the Arch Deceiver, the enemy of God, and the enemy of the righteous
” Are these really the values the US should be promoting?
We are talking about control, like this document says, they are trying to gain control of our markets That has to be national security interest that should have been raised in CFIUS
” That fails to explain why he met with him
Article posted with permission from Ron Paul Homeschooling Protects Children from Violence and Marxism
Not surprisingly, the CIA’s Mexico City operations regarding Oswald are among the 98 percent of the records that Trump and the CIA have chosen to continue keeping secret from the American people, on grounds of “national security” of course Thus, when Oswald was claiming that he was being framed, there could be only one entity that he could have been thinking about: the CIA, the agency whose officials, as former Washington Post investigative reporter Jefferson Morley has documented, were secretly monitoring his activities in the weeks leading up to the assassination, no doubt to ensure that Oswald had not figured out what was about to happen to him
If Ryan is correct, an investigation will show it; but the current evidence suggests he is wrong By short-circuiting the investigation, Ryan is betraying the interest of the American people to learn what the FBI and CIA actually did against Trump
Schaaf said she issued the alert after receiving confidential tips from “credible sources,” and conferring with attorneys to make sure she wasn’t opening herself up to federal prosecution The mayor’s move endangered ICE officers and alerted their targets, Homan asserted, “making clear that this reckless decision was based on her political agenda
Prior to his 26 year tenure in the transportation industry – 20 of which have been with TLI, Mr  Lambert was an Arabic Linguist for the Navy for five years, and a Senior Intel Analyst for the Department of Defense (DoD) for three years
) But we are not fools
Israel Takes On the Shia Crescent Despite Israel's repeated warnings, Barack Obama's reckless appeasement of the Iranian regime has enabled its rise as a hegemonic threat in the Middle East region as well as a threat to international peace and security
 Ford for the Washington Post’s review The therapist’s notes “do not mention Kavanaugh’s name but say she reported that she was attacked by students ‘from an elitist boys’ school’ who went on to become ‘highly respected and high-ranking members of society in Washington
As Disobediant Media notes (emphasis in the original): While most readers with functional critical thinking capacity may readily dismiss the Guardian’s smear on its face, the fact that the Guardian published this piece, and that Luke Harding is still operating with even the tiniest modicum of respect as a journalist despite his history of deceit, tells us something bone-chilling about journalism
For China, money is now all The Russians are infected with the American propaganda infused into their veins during the Yeltsin era when Russia was an American puppet state
I think it's great that Mr  Saucier has been pardoned, I really do, but I continue to ask what a lot of Americans continue to ask, why does the known criminal Hillary Clinton remain at large in our country with her corrupt foundation taking in billions, her trashing our Republic and continuing to have a national voice?
The assault on our country at our Southern Border, including the Criminal elements and DRUGS pouring in, is far more important to me, as President, than Trade or the USMCA Hopefully Mexico will stop this onslaught at their Northern Border
S  intends to retain that fourth of Syria as a bargaining chip in negotiations
We all know who these noble and courageous individuals are – and some of them are referenced in this article The government must also bring in brave Muslim individuals who genuinely reject Jihad and empower them in propagating their anti-jihadist vision for Islam
” Conservative Ben Shapiro told Fox news the verdict was “horrifying
In my new book The History of Jihad From Muhammad to ISIS , I detail many instances in which Muslims did exactly that In 1013, Berbers from North Africa entered Spain and took Córdoba in 1013, they began massacring Jews, and initiated a wholesale slaughter of Jews in Granada
He was their inside boy, after all But the real irony here is that the media labeled Paul Joseph Watson and Infowars as "conspiracy theorists" and yet, PJW has exposed their blatant conspiracy to smear President Trump, Sarah Sanders and the White House aide
THEY ARE WRONG They are wrong biblically, constitutionally, and morally
And the truth about our situation is revealed in that still-hidden part of the Secret to whose contents Pope Benedict alluded during his pilgrimage to Fatima in 2010, identifying elements that do not appear at all in the obscure vision published back in 2000, which Sodano and Bertone tried to pass of as the entirety of the Secret at the same time they were covering up homosexual corruption in high places: As for the new things which we can find in this message today, there is also the fact that attacks on the Pope and the Church come not only from without, but the sufferings of the Church come precisely from within the Church, from the sin existing within the Church
And we need to adamantly defend all the truth-tellers at the very moment they come under attack We also need to contact our representatives and to call for a Congressional investigation into this pernicious assault by the fascist Left on our liberties
I think it's great that Mr  Saucier has been pardoned, I really do, but I continue to ask what a lot of Americans continue to ask, why does the known criminal Hillary Clinton remain at large in our country with her corrupt foundation taking in billions, her trashing our Republic and continuing to have a national voice?
They don’t want the rotten inner workings of the organization to be aired publicly They want to preserve the FBI’s reputation
Mike Pompeo, Director of the CIA, will become our new Secretary of State He will do a fantastic job!
The Justice Department inspector general on Thursday castigated former FBI Director James B  Comey for his actions during the Hillary Clinton email investigation and found that other senior bureau officials showed a “willingness to take official action” to prevent Donald Trump from becoming president… Some senior bureau officials, the report found, exhibited a disturbing “willingness to take official action” to hurt Trump’s chances to become president
“He did no one any wrong,” she said While the Free Thought Project consistently reports on police officers entering the wrong home during raids and killing, maiming, or traumatizing entirely innocent people, this is the first time we’ve reported a story of an off-duty cop going into the wrong home, on their way home, and killing someone
From time to time he resumed Koranic recitation Many neighbours, woken by the old woman’s screams or the assaulter’s religious chanting, called the police Some gave details about the exact location of the assault, the attacker’s identity, the fact he vilified his victim as a Jewish person and as “a Satan” while hitting her, or even — as far as the Muslim neighbours were concerned — the Koranic portions he chanted
Really? Whatever definition that one might put on that nebulous term, no reasonable person can honestly believe that the release of 50-year-old records are going to result in the United States falling into the ocean or even that the communists are going to take over the federal government
Murdering infidels thus doesn’t contradict the spirit of Ramadan; it embodies it The Kavkaz Center, a website operated by Chechen jihadists, explained in a 2010 article that the idea of Ramadan as a time for warfare against infidels went back to Muhammad’s time: “The month of Ramadan in the life of the Prophet (pbuh) and the righteous ancestors was a month of forthcoming
com, the Catholic Church has a structural problem when it comes to dealing with cover up accusations “Sixteen years since the crisis first erupted in the U
At this point, continued pleading for a Bergoglian “clarification” can only give rise to an impression of disingenuousness, whereas continued silence about the papal origin of this ongoing catastrophe is a standing rebuke to all the hierarchs who know what we all know: that at the epicenter of the chaos is the most wayward Pope the Church has ever had to endure Continued inaction while the laity and a few good priests are left to themselves to defend, as best they can, the constant teaching of the Church against the abuses of a tyrant on the Chair of Peter threatens the hierarchs with a legacy of shame and a terrible accountability before the Just Judge
So the evidence about this corruption was known to our government in 2009, 2010, and why is it that CFIUS either wasn’t told, or CFIUS people knowing about it — HANNITY: Explain CFIUS, 13 agencies, I am sorry 9 agencies approving the deal that gave control of uranium one to the bad actor, hostile regime, Putin Russia
The poor, the middle income You have to whip them up into a frenzy in order for them to vote
The malevolent BDS campaign at McGill had belatedly come to an ignominious end; or so we thought Lew and two other directors identified as either Jewish or pro-Israel became instant targets of a campaign of hate laced with blatant anti-Semitic overtones
A reminder that the Associated Press has an official policy of "not reporting race" when it's not "relevant" I can't think of anything less irrelevant than a black gunman shooting two white cops--after five years of the "Blacks Lives Matter" movement
I fully believe IG Horowitz’ findings here I believe that he was unable to prove that there was any political motive to the FBI’s handling of the Clinton email case, and I believe that while the case was obviously mishandled, it could have reached the conclusion it did honorably
 9, 2016—the day after Clinton’s loss to Trump in the 2016 presidential election—by Eliana Murillo, Google’s Multicultural Marketing department head The four page email begins with Murillo claiming she and others at Google were engaged in non-partisan activities not designed to help any one candidate or another—only to undercut her own commentary in later passages in the emails by openly admitting the entire effort to boost Latino turnout using Google products with official company resources was to elect Clinton over Trump
”) The length of the Mueller-McGahn sessions led Trump to the conclusion the special counsel is “looking for trouble” because they “they know there is no Russian Collusion
It's not clear whether the remains are those of Abdul-Ghani Wahhaj, a child with severe medical problems who disappeared from Georgia about nine months ago The remains were discovered in a wretched compound along with 11 starving children, authorities said
“The Fake News is showing old footage of people climbing over our Ocean Area Fence This is what it really looks like – no climbers anymore under our Administration!”
I am told from contacts inside the Vatican that after the trip to Chile Bergoglio’s support has completely dried up He has no more resources of trust even among the people he has chosen to surround himself with and after the reports of Cardinal Sandri going toe-to-toe with him in a shouting match, it seems that perhaps even his legendary vicious temper tantrums are failing to have the desired effect of terrorising his subordinates into submission
This is a f***ed up ass state It’s a cracker state,” Smith says, explaining that a progressive agenda cannot pass and using a racial slur against white voters
 intervened massively in the Near and Middle East—in Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, Syria, Yemen And the forces that pushed up into those conflicts, and so disillusioned the nation that it elected Barack Obama, are back, pushing for a new war, on Iran
4 Implement a Concrete “Countering-Jihad” Strategy
How else does one fight back against the nameless, faceless bureaucrats of the Deep State who hide behind anonymity to undermine the duly elected 45th president of the United States? Make the documents public and let the chips fall where they may
Then, only when he was forced by the media, and a revolt by the Chilean victims and faithful, did he recognize his error and apologize, while stating that he had been misinformed, causing a disastrous situation for the Church in Chile, but continuing to protect the two Chilean Cardinals Errazuriz and Ezzati Even in the tragic affair of McCarrick, Pope Francis’s behavior was no different
The very word “secrecy” is repugnant in a free and open society; and we are as a people inherently and historically opposed to secret societies, to secret oaths and to secret proceedings We decided long ago that the dangers of excessive and unwarranted concealment of pertinent facts far outweighed the dangers which are cited to justify it
After Calling for Guns & Ammo Confiscation & Universal Gun Registration, the American Medical Association Should Think About Taking "American" Out of Their Name The American Medical Association (AMA) should seriously consider changing their names since they are about as anti-American as it comes in their new demands for gun confiscation measures, which include guns and ammunition confiscation, as well as universal gun registration
Those who argue for its abolition do not necessarily put society in danger considering possibilities of penal systems Those, however, who maintain its continued use often see it more as a tool for revenge
The mission controllers at the Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory in Laurel, Maryland, will bring the spacecraft out of its electronic slumber in June to begin a series of system checkouts and other activities to prepare it for the next record-breaking encounter NASA captures farthest ever image from Earth
The persecution of this man by huge media organizations which have drawn great benefit from WikiLeaks One of Assange’s great tormentors, The Guardian‘s Luke Harding, made a great deal of money with a Hollywood version of a book that he and David Lee wrote in which they basically attacked their source
- Bishop Joseph Strickland of Tyler, Texas has gone so far as to order all the priests in his diocese to read from the pulpit a statement that he finds Viganò’s allegations credible - Bishop Thomas Olmsted of Phoenix, Arizona, issued a statement affirming that he has known Viganò for 39 years, has “always known and respected him as a man of truthfulness, faith and integrity” and that his testimony should “be taken seriously by all…”
[6] “justice and beneficence” are considered on behalf of the community, not the patient [7] Bioethicists take it as read that in order for a life to have sufficient “quality” it must demonstrate sufficient autonomy
“It seems altogether fitting and proper that this year’s award be presented in London, where Edmund Burke coined the expression “Fourth Estate ” Comparing the function of the press to that of the three Houses then in Parliament, Burke said: “…but in the Reporters Gallery yonder, there sits a Fourth Estate more important far then they all
” Gevelber continued by commending everyone she said, “worked so hard to ensure all the Get out the Vote were done in Spanish” that their efforts “made a giant difference” in the election “to Googlers and beyond
He tried selling the American people on the naïve notion that there were moderate elements of import in the Iranian government, ignoring the obvious fact that all authority in Iran is vested with the Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Khamenei, and his IRGC henchmen The tried and true concept of peace through strength gave way to fecklessness through appeasement
Instead of fighting for their posterity and shutting down the illegalities of sodomy in all 50 states, they teach them to just do their best to understand that they cannot help themselves while God say’s the opposite (Leviticus 20:18) Instead of fighting on their behalf against the federal government that is illegally indoctrinating them, they simply give their kids over to them to be dumbed down
 By now the faithful have well understood Maradiaga’s strategy: insult the victims to save himself, lie to the bitter end to cover up a chasm of abuses of power, of mismanagement in the administration of Church property, and of financial disasters even against close friends, as in the case of the Ambassador of Honduras Alejandro Valladares, former Dean of the Diplomatic Corps to the Holy See… The Pope defends his man, Cardinal Rodriguez Maradiaga, to the bitter end, as he had done in Chile with Bishop Juan de la Cruz Barros, whom he himself had appointed Bishop of Osorno against the advice of the Chilean Bishops
"I consider it a truly grand thing," Wilson says "It will be an irrevocable part of political life that guns are downloadable, and we helped to do that
He says that Dr  Goldstein and I are “foot soldiers of a Leviathan Church” because we defend the Roman Pontiff
” But even before this was the sinister appearance of Godfried Cardinal Danneels on the loggia on the night of Francis’s election to the papacy
The defense attorneys could not immediately be reached for comment on Saturday The five defendants came under FBI surveillance in May after Leveille wrote a letter to Ibn Wahhaj’s brother asking him to join them and become a “martyr,” state prosecutors have said
Ganesh somehow knows precisely what went on in Osborne’s mind Rather than thinking that it was outrage at the behavior of the gangs of Muslim men of Pakistani background who abused the girls portrayed in Three Girls that caused Osborne to lose his mind and commit his terrible crime, Ganesh blames Obsorne’s act on the likes of Tommy Robinson
The prominent Twentieth Century Indian Islamic scholar Muhammad Ashiq Ilahi Bulandshahri explains the passage this way: The worst of sins are Infidelity ( Kufr) and Polytheism ( shirk) which constitute rebellion against Allah, The Creator
” “Boy, you all want power,” he shouted
[…] To bless always means that something shall flourish, because only then when there is a blessing upon a cause or a project, will something good come out of it
But he lost at every stage of litigation, including a refusal by the Supreme Court to review a decision that the code could not be published during the course of the lawsuit So it was stunning — but not surprising, given this administration’s worship at the altar of gun rights — that the State Department elected last month to quietly settle the case
” Over and over again, you can see that the Church was to stand in protest against the wicked that were at war with Christ (Revelation 12:17), in dealing with not only the corrupt and wicked priests, but also the corrupt and wicked in government
The lawmaker added that he can’t support Haspel, whom he described as having expressed “joyful glee” at being involved in torture programs in the past “I find it just amazing that anyone would consider having this woman at the head of the CIA,” Paul said
Dem Congressman Praises Hitler-Loving Anti-Semite The media is very interested in racism
Pompeo did not report any progress following a day of meetings in Riyadh with Saudi King Salman and his powerful son, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, the country’s de facto ruler President Donald Trump on Monday ordered Pompeo to rush to the desert kingdom to try to determine the fate of the missing journalist, Jamal Khashoggi, and the diplomat quickly hopped a plane
Bradley Manning gave WikiLeaks the gun-barrel video of July 12, 2007 called “Collateral Murder ” Whoever did provide that graphic footage, showing the brutality of the celebrated “surge” in Iraq, was certainly far more a patriot than the “mainstream” journalist embedded in that same Army unit
From saints and Doctors of the Church and whatnot, many of which the pope cited But whatever its flaws, Mysterium Fidei is the one I found, and I’m convinced it wasn’t an accident
” This was another lie After the JCPOA was finalized in July 2015, Rhodes shamelessly denied that anytime, anywhere inspections were ever considered as part of the negotiations
As Slavo noted, should the disease spread to the African mainland, one can assume that it will be all but impossible to control, thus increasing the likelihood of global pandemic Shock: Black Death Patients Are ESCAPING The Hospital Over Fear Of Needles As Officials Worry Plague Could Spread
Trump is right Avenatti’s Freak Show
” Carlson pointed out how the neocons are hellbent on pushing the Trump administration into a new war
Watch Dianne Feinstein Erupt With Glee After Trump Seems To Endorse Her Assault Weapons Ban But if you are a freedom-loving American who values your liberties and the God-given right to defend them, happy is NOT what you should be feeling right now
BACON: Ah I think we need to take a break before I explode
In my new book The History of Jihad From Muhammad to ISIS , I detail many instances in which Muslims did exactly that In 1013, Berbers from North Africa entered Spain and took Córdoba in 1013, they began massacring Jews, and initiated a wholesale slaughter of Jews in Granada
org issued a statement just as news that Mueller’s report had been submitted was breaking “Should Barr announce his intention to cover up Mueller’s report, we would take to the streets in ‘Trump Is Not Above the Law’ rapid-response protests around the country,” the group’s statement read
It is said that they annihilated 50-100 hundred million, but nobody ever mentions this […] “Was there annihilation?
Andy Warhol was only half-right In the future everyone will be the subject of social justice crybullying for 15 minutes
What's even more amazing, but not surprising, is that Gillum has claimed that his opponent is a racist, but the video demonstrates the utter racism of Smith, which one can then conclude that Gillum knows about Smith's racism and keeps him on staff anyway “This is a f***ed up state,” said Smith
Today I’ve received an interesting document issued by the Carmelite Order in Europe following a meeting of the “Federations of Discalced Carmelite Nuns of Europe & the Holy Land” in Avila, February 2009 As a snapshot of the current condition of Carmelite monastic life after it had been completely “federated,” it paints a depressing picture; but as a demonstration of what “federations” are likely to achieve once Cor orans is implemented universally, it clangs in the mind like a funeral bell
Let’s give our neo-Catholic friends another “apocryphal” quotation to dismiss out of hand This one pertains to an astonishing prophecy by Saint Francis of Assisi about a future occupant of the Chair of Peter:
So what's going on here? Who are these bishops that think they can play fast and loose not only with the moral theology of the Catholic Church, but also with the immortal souls of their flock?
] Editors’ note: In light of the skyrocketing phenomenon of Muslim migrants stabbing unbelievers in random stabbing sprees in Europe, as well as the calculated denial that leaders, authorities and media are enforcing about it, Frontpage has deemed it important to bring attention to the crucial steps America and the West must take to robustly confront the unceasing onslaught by Jihad and its leftist enablers
"Without Otto, this would not have happened," Trump said Trump and Kim -- both intent on making history -- greeted each other early in the day with extended hands in front of a row of US and North Korean flags, a previously unthinkable sight that reflects a new chapter in the two countries' acrimonious relationship
” Trump alleged in a morning tweet series that the former FBI director is “Disgraced and discredited,” claiming his staff amounts to nothing more than a “group of Angry Democrat Thugs
Her daughter was told to sit in the computer lab for that half-hour and read a book Bypassing the class left her vulnerable to bullying
” He claimed that the Trump administration’s “objectives are to weaken Iranian influence across the region broadly,” without discussing the means to accomplish those objectives Whether the Trump administration follows through remains to be seen
 Ford had provided to the Washington Post in connection with her interview The Washington Post reported that the therapist’s notes it reviewed “do not mention Kavanaugh’s name but say she reported that she was attacked by students ‘from an elitist boys’ school’ who went on to become ‘highly respected and high-ranking members of society in Washington
Who can blame the North Koreans for blowing their tops? As Trump administration mouthpieces were gabbing about peace and light, the US Air Force was getting ready to fly B-52 heavy bombers and F-22 Raptor stealth fighters around North Korea’s borders and missile-armed subs lurked at sea
He survived the primaries and got the nomination He knocked out Crooked Hillary
Other than that, they have liberals and neo-cons running rampant Many were surprised to discover that Fox News not only is supporting lying CNN and lying Jim Acosta, but they are even going so far as to file an amicus brief with the US district court over the White House's revoking of Acosta's press pass
“Now, ‘Islam’ means ‘Submission’ You either submit, or you resist
 Eastern time Committee Republicans considered the political optics and didn’t relish the prospect of their all-male team of 11 senators questioning a woman so they hired sex-crimes prosecutor Rachel Mitchell of Maricopa County, Arizona, to ask the questions at what promises to be a highly-watched hearing
Some wondered if Bolton and perhaps Pompeo were trying to sabotage the North Korea deal Or were at least being incredibly obtuse and belligerent
What are the gains for democracy from these wars, all backed enthusiastically by the Republican establishment? Why are the people responsible for these wars still being listened to, rather than confessing their sins at second-thoughts conferences?
R McMaster with John Bolton, it was the much-needed correction to the failed incoherent foreign policy of the Obama era
Of what was said above concerning resignation from Church office in general, what would not apply to a pope, of all office holders, if he, as alleged by Viganò, from the first months of his papacy knowingly protected and favored a cardinal who was [pick a disgusting verb]-ing seminarians? By what possible stretch of the imagination would such an occupant be suited for the Chair of Peter?
There, we have nothing to forbid,” says Harant He sees himself in this in union with Pope Francis who himself says in his magisterial document Amoris Laetitia that “each person, independent of his sexual orientation, is to be respected in his dignity and welcomed with respect
Ridicule is a vicious and potent weapon There is a baffling and shameful silence in our culture’s sphere of comedy, especially in Hollywood and our media, with regard to the myriad ingredients of Sharia and Jihad that merit at least a million hilarious satirical sketches
He wound up back in prison for eight more years, including long periods of solitary confinement and endured other forms of torture In 1949 he was d to life in a show trial that generated worldwide condemnation
[…] To bless always means that something shall flourish, because only then when there is a blessing upon a cause or a project, will something good come out of it
Among the earliest indications Catholics had that the new pope had no intention of getting to the bottom of the priest-abuser problem was his appointment of the notorious homosexual, Monsignor Battista Ricca, as head of the Vatican Bank and the man in charge of his own residence, the Casa Santa Martha It is often forgotten that Bergoglio’s notorious comment “who am I to judge” was in response to a question on a plane-presser about Ricca, and was followed with a similar claim from Francis about there having been no proof of his misbehaviour
Its website said that “outbreaks of plague tend to be seasonal and occur mainly during the rainy season ” The African island’s wet season officially began today and will last until the end of April, meaning the downward trend the plague had seen over the past few days, will likely turn upward again
In Florida, the Democrats are likewise working feverishly to overturn the will of the people They are insane in their lust for power, and will destroy even our democratic system to get it
The president also ordered the release of unredacted text messages from fired FBI Special Agent Peter Strzok, former FBI counsel Lisa Page, former FBI Director James Comey and former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe The president for months has blasted Strzok and Page for the bias revealed in their text messages, as well as Comey and McCabe for their leadership of the FBI
Merrit cast suspicion on the police for intentionally keeping these protestors in jail to send a message and make an example out of them The reaction from the police, in this case, has shown that they believe they have a license to kill and that they cannot be trusted to monitor themselves and keep one another in check
[6] “justice and beneficence” are considered on behalf of the community, not the patient [7] Bioethicists take it as read that in order for a life to have sufficient “quality” it must demonstrate sufficient autonomy
These lessons of history should suffice to dispel the pious fable, never a teaching of the Magisterium, that every Pope is chosen by the Holy Ghost to lead the Church This theological error, which Bergoglio has exploited to the hilt, is a key element in the related error of papalotry, which elevates the person of the Pope above the office he occupies and makes of him the leader of a personality cult everyone is commanded to “love” (in the superficially emotional sense) and obey no matter what he says or does, rather than a custodian and defender of the Deposit of Faith whose lovability, personality and opinions are utterly irrelevant to the exercise and scope of his office
David Duke Exposes the Real Racist Jewish Supremacists Who Orchestrate the Destruction of European Mankind…’ Above the posting, Zakkout wrote of Duke, “I respect him for his honesty!” In October 2015, Zakkout posted to Facebook a Duke video, within which Duke makes the wild claim that there has been a “complete takeover of American foreign policy and… American politics by Jewish extremists
No more hiding under your school desks or in dank basements As Trump grandly proclaimed, Americans no longer have to fear North Korea and can sleep peacefully at night!
 write more explicit rules! Seriously!
The North’s weapons are obsolescent; its small air forces and navy will be vaporized by US power but its troops are deeply dug into the mountainous terrain and would be fighting from prepared positions War against North Korea would be a slow and bloody slog– even a repeat of the bloody, stalemated 1950-52 Korean War in which 39,000 Americans and at least 2
 Joseph, and Van Buren counties “This operation reflects ICE’s commitment to public safety through targeted enforcement efforts,” said Rebecca Adducci, field office director for ERO Detroit
Being Skeptical Of Documented Liars Attacking a Supreme Court Nominee Is A Good Thing - Here's Why If you don’t like President Trump and can’t understand how anyone could, look no further than the past week for an excellent example of what on Earth could’ve made a man promising to Drain the Swamp so popular
The House IG said Democratic IT aides made unauthorized access to data, but prosecutors haven’t charged them Democrats appear to want to keep the case out of court; a trial could expose their reckless IT practices
We already have to deal with the million unexpected things that come up each day I have no idea how we are going to implement all these ridiculous plans of ‘on-going formation’
Omar Smith, who says he went to college with Gillum, reveals Gillum cannot fulfill his campaign promises even if he wanted to When asked how Gillum would fund all the programs he says he wants to fund, Smith says Gillum “can’t,” and when asked if voters are aware that Gillum cannot deliver on his proposed programs, Smith says:
“Although I have enjoyed this work tremendously over these many election cycles, both large and small, I am ready to pass the torch,” she wrote She should be ready for prison bars after the fiasco she has created
Jeff then describes a scene in which he and his wife were walking through the main lobby when screams and gunfire erupted Keep in mind, this is all information that the police and the FBI has hidden from the American people
Archbishop Viganò has released a new, powerful statement necessitated by the peculiar reaction of Pope Francis to the Aug 22 Testimony Many thanks to our friends at LifeSiteNews, especially Diane Montagna, for the following translation and release of the follow-up testimony from arguably the most courageous prelate in the Church today—Archbishop Carlo Maria Viganò
Defending the Council by Defending the Homosexual Status Quo At this moment, the entire Novus Ordo regime of novelty is threatened with collapse on account of its homosexual corruption, and voices throughout the Catholic world are now echoing Archbishop Viganò’s call for Bergoglio’s resignation, including Laura Ingraham: “Too little, too late from Pope Francis in Ireland
[…] “Since Germany and Europe did not want the Jews, the Nazis came up with the idea of sending the Jews to another country The Nazis suggested Madagascar, Ecuador, or an Arab country – Syria
Then, addressing a huge crowd on St  Peter’s Square, he asked, “Do you want a Church that remains silent when she should speak … a Church that does not condemn the suppression of conscience and does not stand up for the just liberty of the people … a Church that locks herself up within the four walls of her temple in unseemly sycophancy …?”
) Frontpage and Jamie immediately publicized this tyrannical behavior of Facebook
I have never called for such a ban, and oppose in principle the banning of any book Wills, not surprisingly, does not offer any quotation from me to back up his false claim
Except whenever he pleases, as we have seen again and again with the conservative bishops and even Cardinals (Burke and Müller) he has sacked because their conservatism offended him or one of his friends, prompting even Crux to ask: “Does Pope Francis have an enemies list?” Then again, Francis even obtained the removal of his own “trusted counselor” McCarrick from the College of Cardinals, albeit only when forced to act due to worldwide condemnation in the media So, according to Faggioli, the same Pope who sacks conservative bishops and cardinals according to his pleasure and has just removed a cardinal from the College of Cardinals in an unprecedented disciplinary act under fire from the media, is somehow powerless to dismiss Modernist bishops who have created an obscene “gay culture” in the Church and replace them with orthodox, normal heterosexual males
The Swedish episode was bogus and farcical and he has been vindicated Katrin Axelsson and Lisa Longstaff of Women Against Rape summed it up when they wrote, “The allegations against [Assange] are a smokescreen behind which a number of governments are trying to clamp down on WikiLeaks for having audaciously revealed to the public their secret planning of wars and occupations with their attendant rape, murder and destruction… The authorities care so little about violence against women that they manipulate rape allegations at will
Becerra has refused to comment, citing an ongoing criminal investigation The February 2017 memo itemizes “numerous and egregious violations of House IT security” by members of the Awan family, including using Congress members’ usernames and “the unauthorized storage of sensitive House information outside the House
Why did God judge Sodom and Gomorrah? It's the same reason that he is judging America today (Amos 4:12), He cannot find the righteous in order to spare her (Jeremiah 22:3)
In his letter, he also attaches the full text of a previous letter written a month earlier to the Vatican's top diplomat in Chile, Archbishop Ivo Scapolo In that letter, Mr Cruz accuses Bishop Barros of "doing all the dirty work of Fernando Karadima", and describes the abuse he suffered and which Bishop Barros allegedly witnessed
Somehow I don't think being a member of a Muslim student group and supporting BDS would be considered a conflict of interest But the campus anti-Israel crowd has been working rather hard to intimidate and penalize anyone involved in pro-Israel organizations
The Guardian has been vocal in the so-called “fake news” hysteria, decrying the influence of social media, the only place where leftwing dissidents have managed to find a small foothold to promote their politics and counter the corporate media narrative The Guardian has painted social media chiefly as a platform overrun by Russian trolls, arguing that this should justify ever-tighter restrictions that have so far curbed critical voices of the dissident left more than the right
Wednesday’s tweet was a reminder of Trump’s unabated anger at Sessions, who recused himself from overseeing the Russia investigation on March 2, 2017 — as members of both parties and legal experts have contended that he should Sessions pointed to Justice Department regulations to explain that, as one of Trump’s earliest and most active supporters, he shouldn’t participate in the investigation of the Trump campaign
And instead of protesting the murder of 58 million innocent babies (Proverbs 6:17), they merely pass it off as a "choice," that being the lessons that they learned from the media that they say that they do not believe (Romans 1:18) The American Church, instead of protesting corruption in government through the example of the Biblical patriarchs and our American forefathers (Matthew 5:17-18), teach to submit to tyranny as if to suggest that it is somehow obedience to God (Romans 12:21)
She also pointed to what she called the Iranian regime’s “most threatening act” – its launch of ballistic missiles capable of carrying nuclear weapons “When a rogue regime starts down the path of ballistic missiles, it tells us that we will soon have another North Korea on our hands,” Ambassador Haley said
Philadelphia Archbishop Charles Chaput has also spoken out against Marx’s proposal “Any such ‘blessing rite’ would cooperate in a morally forbidden act, no matter how sincere the persons seeking the blessing,” wrote Chaput
com/UC8KAQw8Ge — TODAY (@TODAYshow) June 4, 2018 Her too: Lewinsky has emerged as an anti-bullying activist and now says Clinton engaged in a 'gross abuse of power' by seducing her
 law is clear in banning enhanced interrogation techniques Any nominee for Director of the CIA must pledge without reservation to uphold this prohibition, which has helped us to regain our position of leadership in the struggle for universal human rights—the struggle upon which this country was founded, and which remains its highest aspiration
Farrakhan Speech: 'Jews Are My Enemy,' 'White Folks Are Going Down' With the leftist media entirely focused on the push to ban AR-15s and repeal the Second Amendment, practically no one noticed Louis Farrakhan's Saviours’ Day 2018 Address in which he told an approving audience that "powerful Jews are my enemy," and "white folks are going down," according to The Washington Examiner
 Trump often lobs insults at journalists and encourages a free-for-all format when taking questions from reporters Codifying the behavior of journalists struck some as an ominous encroachment into freedom of the press, and the White House Correspondents’ Association said on Monday that it had not been consulted about the new guidelines
Saris has apparently decided to bend to the inevitable in the case of Indonesians, who had years of hearings and appeals, all to naught, but do a little sabotage instead However, she will not let it go quietly into the night
Garcia Zarate's defense attorneys argued that the shooting was an accident — they said he found the gun wrapped in a T-shirt or cloth under a pier bench and unintentionally discharged it Lead attorney Matt Gonzalez has argued that the weapon was a SIG Sauer with a "hair trigger in single-action mode" — a model well-known for accidental discharges even among experienced shooters
From the beginning of this case, it was clear that Guyger was receiving special treatment from law enforcement One of the most glaring instances showing her privilege was the fact that the Texas Rangers said in their report that Jean refused to obey Guyger’s “verbal commands
[6] “justice and beneficence” are considered on behalf of the community, not the patient [7] Bioethicists take it as read that in order for a life to have sufficient “quality” it must demonstrate sufficient autonomy
I have defended him as long as I could, up until the Chile debacle And so I am working as hard as I can not to assume the worst, not to believe that this man who promised so much fresh air is really so intent on slamming doors shut before we find out even worse things hidden inside
Today, right now, at this moment, we are faced with a massive effort of the military/security complex, the neoconservatives, the Democratic Party, and the presstitute media to discredit the elected President of the United States and to overthrow him in order that the utterly corrupt elite that rule American can continue to hold on to power and to protect the massive budget of the military/security complex that, along with the Israel Lobby, funds the elections of those who rule us Trump, like Reagan, was an exception, and it is the exceptions that accumulate the ire of the corrupt leftwing, bought off with money, and the ire of the media, concentrated into small tight ownership groups indebted to those who permitted the illegal concentration of a once independent and diverse American media that once served, on occasion, as a watchdog over government
As Gonzalez argued, “If this was a college student or Swedish kid would he be charged with murder?” That sort of politically correct nonsense plays well in San Francisco, so any observer of the case could be forgiven for believing that prosecution and defense both got the outcome they wanted, regardless of the tragedy for the Steinle family
On of those followers is Katherine Viner: WikiLeaks @wikileaks - 13:06 utc - 27 Nov 2018 SCOOP: In letter today to Assange's lawyers, Guardian's Luke Harding, winner of Private Eye's Plagiarist of the Year, falsely claims jailed former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort had secret meetings with Assange in 2013, 2015 and 2016 in story Guardian are "planning to run"
America's Immigration Voice. Kritarch Patti Saris, who thinks it is the job of District Court judges to micromanage the deportation system of the United States, got her wish
He has never been charged with a crime The Swedish episode was bogus and farcical and he has been vindicated
Elnökségi ülés után Elnökségi ülés után // After the meeting of the presidency Posted by Orbán Viktor on Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Orban's words are reminiscent of those of US President Donald Trump, who spoke about putting "America First
And I am building a seminary in Switzerland It is impossible to do all this without God’s assistance
Although health officials have said that internationally, the threat is still fairly low, they’ve also said no one in Madagascar is safe, including travelers, spiking concerns over a possible global pandemic Madagascar Hospitals On High Alert: ‘No One Is Safe’ From The Black Plague
That was then With the Fourth Estate now on life support, there is a high premium on the fledgling Fifth Estate, which uses the ether and is not susceptible of government or corporation control
He’s never criticized the fascist president of the Philippines It is true President Trump likes fascist and authoritarian leaders, and that is a problem, but it’s not like Putin is the only leader that he doesn’t criticize
New Mexico Jihadis’ Defense Attorney: “If These Were White Christians…No One Would Bat An Eye” Editor's Note: If they were white, devout Christians, we wouldn't hear about this cause it would have never taken place because it would have gone against the teachings of Christ and there would have been an outcry by Christians everywhere against people might engage in such behavior and would claim such things
‘I would have quickly picked someone else So much time and money wasted, so many lives ruined … and Sessions knew better than most that there was No Collusion’ with the Kremlin,’ he added
Unfortunately no western main stream media can any longer be trusted to publish the truth The Guardian is only one of many which peddle smears and disinformation about the 'enemies' of the ruling 'western interests'
 19, 21, and 22) as days of fasting and abstinence in reparation for the sins and outrages committed by members of the clergy and episcopacy and I invite all the faithful to do the same Some sins, like some demons, can only be driven out by prayer and fasting
Yet, still, the GOP establishment has not repudiated the mindset that produced this With the Cold War over for a quarter of a century, what is the case now for America, $20 trillion in debt, going abroad in search of monsters to destroy?
This is what the Church of Accompaniment is all about! But, practically speaking--in the real world--this kind of "accompaniment" is only green-lighting vice and mortal sin, and as such constitutes a hideous violation of everything these bishops supposedly believe as Catholic priests
Just go and investigate the donations to their re-election campaigns The 1,000 billion dollar budget of the military/security complex, amplified by the CIA’s front corporations and narcotics business, provides enormous sums with which to purchase the senators and representatives that the insouciant American voters think that they elect
I told my husband everything that happened and showed him the picture I wanted to shout my story to the world with a megaphone to anyone who would listen, but even as angry as I was, I was worried about the potential backlash and damage going public might have on my career as a broadcaster
The ship has extensive space and equipment for trauma care and a large staff, but CNN reported that as of last Tuesday, only 33 of 250 beds were full The looming crisis seems to be getting worse, not better, and Puerto Rico is experiencing a medical crisis of epic proportions
I think it's great that Mr  Saucier has been pardoned, I really do, but I continue to ask what a lot of Americans continue to ask, why does the known criminal Hillary Clinton remain at large in our country with her corrupt foundation taking in billions, her trashing our Republic and continuing to have a national voice?
" Each day, we see new evidence that this might have been a gross understatement
Chairman Grassley had imposed a Thursday deadline for Ford to submit testimony after her team said Tuesday she wasn’t willing to testify until the FBI investigates her sexual abuse allegations against Kavanaugh Left-wingers such as Hillary Clinton and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N
Even before that testimony, however, the fall of McCarrick and the Pennsylvania grand jury report had already presented a Sisyphean task to neo-Catholic apologists for the decrepit Novus Ordo status quo and the ill-starred Council that launched its installation Yet there is little doubt they will continue the same polemic that for nearly sixty years has doggedly defended every one of the ruinous “reforms” that have resulted in a debacle without equal in Church history, even considering the Arian crisis of the 4th century
Steve Skojec told me that our willingness to go along with the whole “emeritus pope” charade was an error: “I think the problem is that we all went along with their game of make believe, and we shouldn’t have ” In fact, I am starting to think that the willingness of most Catholics to go along with the entire charade of post-conciliar Catholicism has been a grave error
If the Democrats take over the Congress, Nancy Pelosi has already said that passing gun control is one of her top priorities But we have an ace up our proverbial sleeve
" The first group of the migrant caravan arrived at the Tijuana border yesterday afternoon
In fact, the demonstrators protesting the nomination had signs for all four of the finalists and were instantly ready to oppose the president regardless of his choice Similarly, Obama-era national security officials seem determined to use the harshest possible language to attack President Trump
Talking of building a Reagan-like Navy to contain the mammoth they nourished Since the Cold War, America’s elites have been exhibiting symptoms of that congenital blindness associated since Rome with declining and falling empires
There has also been controversy over the fact that Guyger has been charged with manslaughter instead of murder, which will make it possible for her to receive a much short prison sentence As Guyger walks free awaiting her trial, the 9 people who were arrested protesting the murder and Guyger’s special treatment are still sitting behind bars
But if thou do that which is evil, fear: for he beareth not the sword in vain For he is the minister of God: and avenger to execute wrath upon him that doth evil (Rom
But Moon’s pleas have been largely ignored by Trump Most South Koreans shrug off the North’s threats and seek to avoid war at all costs
He also stabbed two others Police shot him in the leg, ruled out terrorism and blamed mental illness
But before I address Faggioli’s latest defense of the indefensible, some background is in order, including a discussion of further key details of Viganò’s testimony First of all, as I predicted 16 years ago, because the Vatican under John Paul II had no intention of enforcing the pre-conciliar ban on admission of homosexuals to the seminary “a new bumper crop of homosexual ordinands is guaranteed—and with it a new harvest of scandal for the Church
He has to go This leftwing witch hunt has been ongoing since day one of Trump’s presidency in order to impair and impede his ability to get the job done
In his letter, Francis repeated a famous 2005 quote by his predecessor Benedict XVI, who, a month before being elected pope, lamented “how much filth” there was in the Catholic Church “With shame and repentance, we acknowledge as an ecclesial community that we were not where we should have been, that we did not act in a timely manner, realizing the magnitude and the gravity of the damage done to so many lives
The hijabed (and therefore pro-Sharia) Ilhan Omar, meanwhile, is even more hateful than Tlaib According to the Daily Wire, in 2012 Omar tweeted: “Israel has hypnotized the world, may Allah awaken the people and help them see the evil doings of Israel
“Islamophobia” is a thought crushing device designed to silence any and critics and criticism of Islam It is the tool in which the ummah enforces sharia blasphemy laws in the West
 Department of Housing and Urban Development announced it would provide $1 5 billion to help rebuild housing in Puerto Rico after devastation from both Maria and Hurricane Irma, which skirted the island a couple of weeks before, through HUD's Community Development Block Grant Disaster Recovery program
…it is not allowable to emphasize what is called the “communal” Mass to the disparagement of Masses celebrated in private, or to exaggerate the element of sacramental sign as if the symbolism, which all certainly admit in the Eucharist, expresses fully and exhausts completely the mode of Christ’s presence in this sacrament Nor is it allowable to discuss the mystery of transubstantiation without mentioning what the Council of Trent stated about the marvelous conversion of the whole substance of the bread into the Body and of the whole substance of the wine into the Blood of Christ, speaking rather only of what is called “transignification” and “transfiguration,” or finally to propose and act upon the opinion according to which, in the Consecrated Hosts which remain after the celebration of the sacrifice of the Mass, Christ Our Lord is no longer present
Most recently, on October 30th, Crux quoted him under the headline, “Cardinal Muller backs Pope Francis against critics of ‘Amoris Laetitia’” in which the former head of the CDF has at last climbed on board the Kasperian train on reception of Communion for unrepentant adulterers Signaling furiously with the trendy FrancisChurch buzzwords and even trendier blithering incoherence, Muller writes that “mitigating factors in guilt,” can lead, couples in “an uncertain marital situation” through a “path of repentance” – always “accompanied” by an exquisitely sensitive confessor – to a point where the reception of Communion is no longer sinful
That's not unique Selecting the Jews, based on race, for extermination is more of the reason why the term Nazi is not a positive one
You’re going to have to dig for it We’re watching the biggest campaign against freedom of speech and thought that has ever occurred in our part of the world
Two law enforcement sources told CNN in October that Paddock, during the massacre, fired incendiary bullets at a 43,000-barrel fuel tank on the grounds of nearby McCarran International Airport in what investigators believe was a failed attempt to cause an explosion Haig did not mention the incendiary rounds -- which are meant to ignite what they hit -- in Friday's news conference
Bishop Morlino has now done it, and we respectfully demand that the rest of the American bishops either follow suit or face the charge of being complicit with the degenerate and even criminal shepherds, accounts of whose betrayal and vice now dominate the news May God bless and keep Bishop Robert Morlino
Now, President Trump has gone along with it My guess is that one of two things will occur with the FBI investigation: (1) Absolutely nothing will be found, and this will have been a huge waste of time or (2) look for this thing to expand and the need will arise to make this more of a circus than it already is, which will dwarf anything Clarence Thomas had to face from the slanderous accusations of Anita Hill
Investigators also speculated that a flawed spy device could be behind the victims' ailments in Cuba The US expelled 15 Cuban diplomats from the US after the alleged acoustic attacks
Fortunately, the spacecraft is healthy and functioning properly, although it is currently in hibernation The mission controllers at the Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory in Laurel, Maryland, will bring the spacecraft out of its electronic slumber in June to begin a series of system checkouts and other activities to prepare it for the next record-breaking encounter
We need to worry about blowback from President Trump’s fully-neoconized Middle East policy! That’s the real threat!
, which included a Russian attorney who promised to hand over negative information about Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton The session also was attended by then-campaign chairman Paul Manafort and Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner; the president dictated a misleading statement about it a year later and it remains murky just when he learned about the meeting
The UK Home Office meant that our visit could cause violence from Muslims They were bowing to jihadist intimidation
Comfort? What about Judge Kavanaugh's comfort in being put through the ringer without a shred of evidence, Senator Flake?
It is said that they annihilated 50-100 hundred million, but nobody ever mentions this […] “Was there annihilation?
It describes the tsunami of vindictive personal abuse that has been heaped upon Julian from well-known journalists, many claiming liberal credentials The Guardian, which used to consider itself the most enlightened newspaper in the country, has probably been the worst
This is a man who has, for 40 years, never troubled to hide his heterodox opinions and has devoted much of his life to a campaign to bring about precisely this outcome Jansen points out that Kasper had already tried to bring out the same proposal for Communion for divorced and remarried in 1993, together with Karl Lehmann, another “Sankt Gallen” member
Patel is 32 I'm sure Patel felt very, like, accepted
S , following the lead of the late Cardinal Bernardin of Chicago and like minded prelates won to the new man-centered conciliar religion, the faithful are beginning to equate abortion, nuclear war and capital punishment as common “threats to the sacredness of human life” without any reference whatever to the innocence or guilt involved
But he’s also never criticized Benjamin Netanyahu He’s also never criticized the incredibly repressive leaders of Saudi Arabia
 Obama often chastised reporters, including Mr  Acosta on one occasion, for questions he deemed overly aggressive or grandstanding
I am tired of sin And, as one who has tried — despite my many imperfections — to lay down my life for Christ and His Church, I am tired of the regular violation of sacred duties by those entrusted with immense responsibility from the Lord for the care of His people
There is a kind of coverup at work here in which important Republicans do not want to bolster Trump by adding substance to Spygate, and they do not want to clean up the FBI by aggressively investigating Spygate further They don’t want the rotten inner workings of the organization to be aired publicly
Several hundred people have been exposed to the virus as officials worry this outbreak could spread rapidly into regions already devastated by the ongoing black death outbreak New Virus With NO CURE Spreading: This Is WORSE Than The ‘Black Death’
He was taken apart in a Real News interview (vid) about the book The interviewer pointed out that there is absolutely no evidence in the book to support its claims
O you who believe! The non-Muslims are nothing but dirt
Law and order is likely to be a major issue in a parliamentary election scheduled for September with the populist, opposition Sweden Democrats linking public concern about the rising crime rate to a large increase in the numbers of immigrants "It would not be my first option to bring in the military, but I am prepared to do whatever is necessary to make sure that serious, organized crime is stamped out," Lofven told news agency TT
A couple of years ago, I introduced you to the Hammon family, a rancher family out of Oregon that was targeted after the patriarch in the family and his son went to jail for doing what ranchers do, setting fires to protect property and livestock However, in the day and age of unmitigated "terrorism" charges, once they served their  the federal government went after both men for more time inside their prison for profit system
’ Bill Nelson conceded Election — now he’s back in play!? This is an embarrassment to our County and to Democracy!”
Mueller will remain as special counsel for a period of time as he and a small contingent of staff close the office, a Justice Department spokesperson reportedly said The handover of the report marks the end of an investigation that has for nearly two years transfixed the nation, yielded dozens of indictments and convictions, and brought down a handful of Trump’s closest advisers
ESERMAN: “In order to win he had to be… He’s really left of center So he was being left, not left of center… For the primary
" Closing its Sunday editorial the Post instructed the president:The interventionist Post is saying: The situation is intolerable
Stephanie Kemplin, an Army veteran, says Franken put his hand on her breast during a USO tour in 2003 In a statement following that accusation, Franken's office said he has not "intentionally engage in" the "kind of conduct" described
The campaign to discredit Archbishop Viganò began instantaneously on the Catholic left wing Only hours after Viganò’s sworn testimony appeared online, the professional Catholic dissident Sean Michael Winters, writing for National Catholic Reporter, smeared the former Apostolic Nuncio to the United States, who holds doctorates in both civil and canon law, as “a trafficker in conspiracy theories who mixes fact, fiction and venom,” “more than a little obsessed with homosexuality”—like Oliver Stone, who “was obsessed with the grassy knoll”—“a disgruntled former employee” and “always a crackpot
" Should this happen, the Mystical Body would then be without its head
” If you don’t believe that this is orchestrated between Pelosi and Schumer, you are stupid beyond belief Here is disgraced Obama CIA director John Brennan, a leader of the fake Russiagate campaign against President Trump in order to prevent Trump from making peace with Russia and, thus, by making the world safer, threatening the massive, unjustified budget of the military/security complex: “Donald Trump’s press conference performance in Helsinki rises to and exceeds the threshold of high crimes and misdemeanors
With Viganò’s testimony, the widespread homosexual infiltration of the post-Vatican II hierarchy, from the top on down, now emerges mountainously into view, never to be buried again Even before that testimony, however, the fall of McCarrick and the Pennsylvania grand jury report had already presented a Sisyphean task to neo-Catholic apologists for the decrepit Novus Ordo status quo and the ill-starred Council that launched its installation
Horowitz found that Peter Strzok, Lisa Page, and James Comey were all involved The IG also said his team focused on the fact that the classified material on Clinton’s server was “not clearly marked,” which repeated one of Clinton’s claims about her negligence
No one can say this is not what this is The Sharia is being implemented in the United Kingdom and the Muslims are ready to seek total control
Yet, making no attempt to refute Viganò’s account on the merits, he tries to wave it all aside with his usual mode of argument—puerile mockery: “But at present, the eagerness of the Greatest Catholics of All Time to believe and repeat everything their itching ears want to hear about this Pope whose living guts they have hated from the moment of his election only tells in his favor, not against it ” Shea’s ever-expanding opus of digital invective never seems to rise above this sort of crude ad hominem attack: Well, if those people believe it, it can’t be true
), that he “has a history” of “innuendo and conspiracy theories” (a gratuitous assertion unsupported by evidence of falsity), that he allegedly quashed an investigation of Archbishop John Nienstedt and ordered evidence destroyed (an allegation Viganò has immediately and categorically denied with conclusive supporting documents, but in any event a tuo quoque fallacy) and that Allen has “the impression that all this was orchestrated with a political agenda in mind” (the same “conspiracy theory” mentality he gratuitously attributes to Viganò) Mark Shea, easily the most insufferable of the neo-Catholic polemicists, has quickly followed Winters and Allen in trying to cast doubt on Viganò ’s claims
At least 128 people have been killed and more than 1,300 infected by the deadlier pneumonic strain of the medieval disease But the oncoming rainy season could see the number of those infected explode exponentially
As usual, Republicans’ seeming reasonableness is rewarded with more abuse by the Left Give left-wingers an inch and they’ll take a mile
Enough is enough!!! This is just a deep state coo attempt (Mueller) to stop the will of We the People!!!
Is it simply that his conception of the Church, of the papacy, was never what Catholics believed about it? Perhaps a hint at the answer comes from La Stampa in 2015 which published some of the memoirs of Silvano Fausti, SJ, who had been confessor and spiritual guide of Cardinal Carlo Maria Martini, the godfather of the “liberal” European Catholic Church, and alleged leader of the “Sankt Gallen Mafia” that Cardinal Danneels admitted conspired for years against Pope Benedict
” This scandal has set off a feeding frenzy as Internet sleuths search for other incidents in which Franken has acted inappropriately
Donald Trump has delivered on these as well as any president since Reagan The failures that killed the Bush party, and that represented departures from Reaganite traditionalism and conservatism, are:
Make Senators go on the record with their votes, and hold them to account in November Put to the test the Dems’ claims that a critical mass of women, many of them with sons they don’t want falsely accused, believes the fundamentalist feminist narrative and will vote accordingly
19:19-21) And the Preacher notes that when “ is not speedily pronounced against the evil, the children of men commit evils without any fear” (Eccles
" “We will fight those who want to change the Christian identity of Hungary and Europe,” Orban concluded
Bishops won’t protect and support good priests? Then it’s up to us
And as schools continue to fail, and authoritarian policies continue to wreak havoc on our society, more will wake up to the absolute horror of what allowing the state to educate our children has done to the moral fabric of humanity Homeschooling Expands As Parents Seethe Over Liberal Social Engineering And Violence
Modern secularized society assumes that physical extinction is the worst thing that can happen to a human being, whereas the faith teaches that eternal damnation is incalculably worse In the context of the faith, the importance of a man’s present short life on earth cannot be compared with his future endless existence in heaven
DOJ Surrenders: 3D Print Gun Files Are Protected Under First Amendment For those who remember Cody Wilson, the man who began developing 3D printing files so that you could manufacture your own guns, there is good news out
It promotes neo-liberalism and a delves into cranky identity grievances stories It also became an main outlet for manipulative propaganda peddled by the British secret services
The book is “The Meaning of THE HOLY QUR’AN,” a version of the Quran that was banned by the Los Angeles public school system, in February 2002, for containing numerous anti-Semitic commentaries In it, Jews are described as: “arrogant,” “jealous,” “selfish,” “spiteful,” “greedy,” “cursed,” “apes and swine,” and “under divine displeasure
The non-Muslims are nothing but dirt Allah has created them to be partisans of Satan; most treacherous in regard to all they do; whose whole endeavor in this nether life is useless, though they themselves imagine that they are doing fine work
During the interview, the recruiter asked to see Patel's passport to confirm his travel claims Patel agreed to bring it by, but two days later he told the State Department he had accidentally thrown it away in October and needed a new one
S  attorney Rudolph Giuliani, tweeting that campaign collusion with Russia would be a “phony crime
“In the coming days, we will be filing a major federal lawsuit against the state of Georgia for the gross mismanagement of this election and to protect future elections from unconstitutional actions,” Abrams said, though she gave no details In the coming days, we will be filing a major federal lawsuit against the state of Georgia for the gross mismanagement of this election and to protect future elections from unconstitutional actions
" Kim assumed power after his father Kim Jong Il, also a brutal dictator, died in 2011
“I think it’s unfortunate that law enforcement begin to immediately criminalize the victim—in this case, someone who was clearly was the victim that has absolutely no bearing on the fact that he was shot in his home,” Merritt added to Fox 4 Pointing out the glaring nature of the smear campaign was the fact that there has been absolutely zero information released about the warrants conducted on officer Amber Guyger, the killer cop who lived just below Jean
Nor can the pope, in calling for a cultural revolution, especially since he does not explain what he exactly means by it He says that he “allows himself” to talk like that – but if one dares something, one might win, but one also can perish
Advertisement It strikes me, however, that everybody — Catholic or not — has a dog in this fight, which is about more than communion and canon law
The dhimmi’s payment of his dues by a bill drawn on a Muslim, or by delegating a real believer to pay it in his name will not be tolerated It must be exacted from him directly in order to vilify and humiliate him, so that Islam and its people may be exalted and the race of infidels brought low
IG Horowitz can’t prove it, but he’s not sure that Strzok wasn’t acting in a politically biased manner when he slow-played the Clinton investigation while moving more quickly on the Russia investigation How in the world can we trust them even as they express bias while investigating malfeasance?
” But it does contain elements very familiar to us today And what inference might one draw from the coincidence that Saint Francis’ prophecy of a future “destroyer” in the papal office seems to correspond rather well with the pontificate of the only Pope who has taken Francis’ name as his own?
This is essential Essential!
, and his son, Steven Hammond The Hammonds are multi-generation cattle ranchers in Oregon imprisoned in connection with a fire that leaked onto a small portion of neighboring public grazing land
President Trump quoted the nation’s most prominent conservative radio host as he urged GOP senators to get onboard Tuesday: “Rush Limbaugh to Republicans: ‘You can kiss the MIDTERMS goodbye if you don’t get highly qualified Kavanaugh approved
 and Europe keep silent about Muslim persecution of Christians, and enforce that silence upon others Robert McManus, Roman Catholic Bishop of Worcester, Massachusetts, said it on February 8, 2013 as he was suppressing a planned talk at a Catholic conference on that persecution: “Talk about extreme, militant Islamists and the atrocities that they have perpetrated globally might undercut the positive achievements that we Catholics have attained in our inter-religious dialogue with devout Muslims
Mark it down: Any law demanding the citizenry to surrender their AR-15 rifles would be unconstitutional, unnatural, and unbiblical And NO Christian or other free man should ever comply with such a law
Considering how much trust the Catholic faithful had in the papacy until about 1965, how much un-earned trust Francis started with just by being elected, this pontificate should be remembered as one of the great confidence scams in history Believing Catholics have watched aghast as this pope has habitually trampled on every aspect of Catholic teaching
David Duke Exposes the Real Racist Jewish Supremacists Who Orchestrate the Destruction of European Mankind…’ Above the posting, Zakkout wrote of Duke, “I respect him for his honesty!” In October 2015, Zakkout posted to Facebook a Duke video, within which Duke makes the wild claim that there has been a “complete takeover of American foreign policy and… American politics by Jewish extremists
95 (as of 06:00 EDT - Details) This would be achieved, they wrote, with threats of “exposure [and] criminal prosecution” and a unrelenting assault on reputation
WHAT IS THE EXPLANATION? The Russians, the Chinese, the Iranians, and the North Koreans, as well as the rest of the world, desperately need to notice the extremely hostile reaction to peace on the part of the US Democratic Party, many members of the Republican Party, including the despicable US Republican Senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham, and the Western Presstitute Media, a collection of people on the CIA payroll according to the German newspaper editor, Udo Ulfkotte, and the CIA itself
They threaten almost all of South Korea’s capital Seoul north of the Han River and some US military bases and key airfields, notably Osan This is a very real threat – one that is largely immune to attack from the air
In the past they had been ratified as a bloc The first five candidates were overwhelmingly approved, but when they got to Lew, the only Jewish director, he was rejected 105 to 73
Those modifications would include an end to absurd sunset clauses in the JCPOA and tough restrictions on ballistic missile testing The mullahs have become cognizant of the fact that there’s a new sheriff in town, one that backs up tough talk with action and doesn’t ask “how high” when they say “jump
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use What makes this recent purge from Facebook and Twitter so egregious is that the pages like the Free Thought Project, the Anti-Media, Press for Truth, and dozens of others, did not fit the hate speech narrative these same companies used to wipe out Alex Jones
When the American Jewish Historical Society hosts and co-sponsors an event by a BDS hate group attacking the existence of Israel and featuring a speaker who had defended terrorism and anti-Semitism, the choice becomes easy Either you stand with BDS, Hamas, blood libels and those who want to destroy Israel or with Jews
The supreme penalty was imposed not only for murder, but for many other serious offenses: for adultery, rape, sodomy, kidnapping, for striking or cursing parents, for sacrificing a child to Moloch Idolatry, fortune-telling, acting as a medium, preaching apostasy or attempting in any way to entice another from the faith were also punishable by death, as was blasphemy, an offense considered so heinous that the Law specified, “He that blasphemeth the name of the Lord, dying let him die: all the multitude shall stone him, whether he be a native or a stranger” (Lev
Christopher Chin, head of Homeschool Louisiana, told The Times that parents are fed up with “the violence, the bullying, the unsafe environments ” Many parents are also disturbed by the social engineering, which amounts to brainwashing and indoctrination that goes on in a public school
Implement a Concrete “Countering-Jihad” Strategy After discarding the “Countering Violent Extremism” absurdity, a concrete Counter-Jihad strategy must become an official policy
Uranium One Bombshell: Evidence of Bribery, Extortion, Kickbacks, Money Laundering, and More! Right about now the people in the Clinton camp should be getting very nervous about the ongoing investigations into the Uranium One deal
Then Peter, filled with the Holy Ghost, said unto them, Ye rulers of the people, and elders of Israel, If we this day be examined of the good deed done to the impotent man, by what means he is made whole;
com Communist Door Boy Attacks Teen Trump Supporter
Eleven children were rescued from a compound in New Mexico which was being run by armed Muslim extremists Authorities found all the children living in deplorable living conditions after raiding the property looking specifically for a three-year-old boy
It's sociology that worries me Sociology helped generate a whole range of fake new academic subjects while corrupting existing ones into a toxic stew of racism and meaningless jargon
Those are the facts, and I am in a position to give you a personal assurance of them I can also assure you that Luke Harding, the Guardian, Washington Post and New York Times have been publishing a stream of deliberate lies, in collusion with the security services
There Were “Active Shooters On The Runway” Bombshell Air Traffic Control Audio From The Night Of The Las Vegas Massacre Reveals In yet another striking example of a widespread cover-up currently underway regarding the worst mass shooting in American history, new air traffic control audio has been released that details the fact that there were multiple active shooters on the airports property which is extremely close to the venue where at least part of the attack took place
Emails obtained by The Hill show that a civil attorney working with the former undercover witness described the pressure the Justice Department exerted to keep the client from disclosing to a federal court what he knew last summer “The government was taking a very harsh position that threatened both your reputation and liberty,” the civil lawyer wrote in one email
–Bloomberg The Deep State: The Fa
Secret Gun Control Agenda Revealed: “three day waiting period for everybody,” “small steps” to ban assault rifles; “I don’t think he can say it [be]cause he’s trying to get the moderates” Florida is a “F***ed up,” “cracker state,” “you have to appeal to white guilt”
 extradition warrant is successful — a United Nations Special Rapporteur called it torture I know Julian Assange well; I regard him as a close friend, a person of extraordinary resilience and courage
com/HZf3LBeAgk — Mike Tokes (@MikeTokes) October 29, 2017 This stunning tower audio once again provides proof that the entire narrative that claims that Stephen Paddock operated alone from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Hotel is complete nonsense and that authorities are actually actively covering up what really happened on that fateful night
Rombot was not taken into custody based on any ICE policy of deporting all illegal aliens Rombot was taken into custody because he had an outstanding Final Order Of Removal; that's a big difference and symptomatic of the lies from reporters like Raymond
The Church, the depositary of the blessing of the New Covenant, signed in the blood of the Lamb, is holy but made up of sinners, as Saint Ambrose wrote: the Church is “immaculata ex maculatis,” she is holy and spotless even though, in her earthly journey, she is made up of men stained with sin I want to recall this indefectible truth of the Church’s holiness to the many people who have been so deeply scandalized by the abominable and sacrilegious behavior of the former Archbishop of Washington, Theodore McCarrick; by the grave, disconcerting and sinful conduct of Pope Francis and by the conspiracy of silence of so many pastors, and who are tempted to abandon the Church, disfigured by so many ignominies
Absolutely not! Are Christians to submit to those who have redefined marriage where a man can now "marry" a man and a woman can now "marry" a woman (Leviticus 18:22; Romans 1:24 etc…)?
When he refused, she mulled attempting to restructuring the Capitol Police’s entire board so that her committee would have more leverage over it House sources told TheDCNF these exchanges were only a public glimpse into numerous such interactions, which were frequently profane, with every official she could buttonhole
Here We Go Again - Leaked Documents: White House Planning Regime Change In Iran Don't say you were not warned, America
S  Department of Justice said the court ruling was disappointing
But he is still a human being and he has taken such a battering Probably the hardest thing for him to take is the utter hypocrisy of news organizations—like The New York Times, which published the WikiLeaks “War Logs” and “Cablegate,” The Washington Post and The Guardian, which has taken a vindictive delight in tormenting Julian
55 (as of 06:45 EDT - Details) In a letter to the Australian prime minister, Malcolm Turnbull, Julian’s father, John Shipton, wrote: “I ask the prime minister to do all within his power to return Julian home before Julian’s situation becomes an irreversible tragedy
" "I’m just telling you I have received what I feel to be and believe to be credible evidence of a possible terrorist nexus," Perry said
Zilch Sebastian Gorka is crucially correct, therefore, when he recommends a national counter-propaganda campaign that involves a two-part approach: the first being the bolstering of efforts to define our enemy (Steps #1 and #4 above) and, second, the strengthening of our allies and partners in their own counter-propaganda efforts – which must include our empowering of Muslims who are trying to form an anti-Jihadist version of Islam
British politician Nigel Farage once helped convince Britons to vote for Brexit and separate from the European Union, but British establishment politicians have done everything they could to sabotage that vote since then Now Farage has apparently decided that if he can’t beat them, he’ll join them — if not on Brexit, then in their stance of denial and appeasement regarding the global jihad threat
Trump told reporters he would "absolutely" extend an invitation to the White House to Kim, who also heralded a new era "Today, we had a historic meeting and decided to leave the past behind," Kim said through a translator
Ratzinger: “…” And perhaps most agonising of all: “How can you just sit there smiling, issuing bland platitudinous nonsense, while this lunatic drives the sheep off a cliff?”
” As Father Brian Harrison has so trenchantly observed, this means that people embroiled in adultery can receive Holy Communion while they “discern” that they should not be receiving Holy Communion because they are embroiled in adultery Do they think we are fools?
Moving on to Haspel, who will now be heading the CIA, nothing’s looking any brighter She’s a big fan of torture, according to a 2013 Washington Post article pointed out this morning by The Intercept:
What is new is the seeming acceptance of sin by some in the Church, and the apparent efforts to cover over sin by them and others Unless and until we take seriously our call to sanctity, we, as an institution and as individuals, will continue to suffer the “wages of sin
As details continue to surface, the pontiff’s professed empathy for abuse victims has come into question as well Yore called the child sex abuse case involving infamous Chilean priest abuser Father Fernando Karadima and Bishop Juan Barros “a scandal of epic proportions
It is important for people to know the Scriptures (History), lest you find yourselves to be fighting against God (Acts 5:39) Nowhere in Scripture can you find the Lord telling His children to submit to the wicked in disobedience to His Word
After serving as vicar general of the diocese from 1989, in 2005 Pope Benedict XVI appointed him bishop of Felkirch where he served until 2011, retiring at the age of 75 Bishop Fischer’s support of the profession comes one week after Bishop Athanasius Schneider, auxiliary of Astana, Kazakstan, invited the world’s bishops to sign the document and join in raising a common voice in defense of the sanctity and the indissolubility of marriage
Hillary is still walking free Two guys on my ship did the same thing and weren’t treated as criminals
How can he contradict himself like that and not even bat an eyelid? In discussing the arrival of these migrants who obviously gotten incredible help along the way, busted through customs gates, and pushed at the Mexican border while committing all sorts of crimes against many they come in contact with along the way, Lemon said what is clearly not only racist but utterly insane
Is the principal acting on this? And do the police have any interest in this?
That is exactly what a growing number of Catholics are now doing, as even the secular press recognized less than three months before Bergoglio began his tyrannical reign In this respect, what the neo-Catholics are defending at bottom is themselves—that is, the reputations they have all staked on their defense of the indefensible against the traditionalists they have arrogantly mocked and marginalized for decades only to see, to their horror, that traditionalism is ever more vindicated as the scandals of the Novus Ordo mount under this reckless Pope to an unsustainable, indeed apocalyptic, level
Hayden's thoughtless tweet can just as easily be used to delegitimize any and all law enforcement The attacks here are motivated by a desire for open borders
Instead of establishing judgment within the gate and hating the evil and loving the good (Amos 5:15) in hopes that the Lord may be gracious to their repentance (2 Corinthians 7:10), they reject the counsel of God against them by hating the good and loving the evil, and that to their own damnation They care more about the approbation and favor of men than they do that of the Living God and what His Word declares (Galatians 1:10),not knowing that which his highly favored among men is an abomination unto the Lord (Luke 16:15)
More than 100 Russian individuals and companies have been sanctioned for a variety of reasons Despite the hysteria of the left, it is impossible to see the Trump administration as anything but firm in its dealing with Russia
Does the historical fact that some pretty bad popes held on to office despite committing various offenses justify other popes acting badly in shirking even the minimal gesture of resigning? Viganò is unquestionably in a position to know, and claims to know, whether his central allegation that Francis’ was covering for McCarrick, big time, for years, is correct
The pneumonic plague has already infected 2,000 in Madagascar and killed 143 in the country’s worst outbreak in 50 years But health officials are now warning the deadly bacteria could mutate and become untreatable as it spreads across the globe
Who are these bishops that think they can play fast and loose not only with the moral theology of the Catholic Church, but also with the immortal souls of their flock? Is it any wonder that priests and laity alike are changing their attitude on the "gay lifestyle" and violations of the Sixth Commandment when so many bishops are working to remove the stigma attached to this sin that Scripture tells us cries to heaven for vengeance?
She turned on the lights, then went to the front door again and realized the apartment wasn't hers, the affidavit says She told the 911 operator as well as responding officers that she thought she was at her apartment when she shot Jean, according to the affidavit
“Republicans and Democrats have roundly praised Mueller’s reputation for integrity and thoroughness Now that he’s wrapped up his investigation, Attorney General Barr must provide Congress and the American people with the findings to finally put an end to the speculation and innuendo that has loomed over this administration since its earliest days,” Grassley said
Heavy surveillance The problem for the Guardian, which should have been obvious to its editors from the outset, is that any visits by Manafort would be easily verifiable without relying on unnamed “sources”
Members from one of the migrant caravans finally reached the US border on Tuesday Videos were captured and Border Patrol agents were on the scene as they were witnessed climbing effortlessly up the wall and standing and sitting atop it
” Theresa May’s relentlessly appeasement-minded government also admitted two jihad preachers who had praised the murderer of a foe of Pakistan’s blasphemy laws
Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer UK Bans Free Speech Activists While Admitting Numerous Preachers Of Jihad Violence, Hatred & Sharia
” Meanwhile, Trump continued pounding Sessions in other tweets, saying he needed to investigate “deleted Emails, Comey lies & leaks, Mueller conflicts, McCabe, Strzok, Page, Ohr…the Clinton Foundation, illegal surveillance of Trump Campaign, Russian collusion by Dems — and so much more
Thank you Prime Minister Orban for saying what needed to be said! Hungarian Prime Minister Hits Nail On The Head: Refugees Are Actually "Muslim Invaders"
 Danny Davis defended Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan as an “outstanding human being” on Monday Farrakhan’s history of racially extreme comments includes blaming Jews for the September 11 attacks, saying white people “deserve to die” and praising Adolf Hitler as a “very great man
LAS VEGAS (INTELLIHUB) — The Coroner finally released the autopsy for the 58 victims but not for the alleged shooter Stephen Paddock after a judge ruled that the coroner release all the documents and pay $32,000 in legal fees Not only did the coroner drag his feet and release the autopsy reports late Wednesday, but all of the names were redacted in the reports, with no mention of ballistic data, bullet caliber, or trajectories
After accomplishing that goal, Trump turned his attention to how Iran is actually breaching the letter and spirit of the nuclear pact Only then, almost as an afterthought, did he announce that he was decertifying Iranian compliance with the nuclear deal, setting the conditions for the renewal of congressional sanctions on Iran and opening the floodgates of congressional sanctions on Iran in retaliation for the full spectrum of its aggressive and illicit acts against the US, its interests and allies
Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller Unbelievable!
The key passages (paragraph breaks added) rebuke Francis for his recklessness, his deliberate ambiguity, his fomenting of error, his sowing of disunity, his unheard-of calumnies of the faithful, and even his reduction of the faith to an ideology—precisely the wrong of which he accuses orthodox Catholics: Your Holiness, a chronic confusion seems to mark your pontificate…
How can one avoid concluding that the reason they do not provide the documentation is that they know it confirms my testimony? The center of my testimony was that since at least June 23, 2013, the pope knew from me how perverse and evil McCarrick was in his intentions and actions, and instead of taking the measures that every good pastor would have taken, the pope made McCarrick one of his principal agents in governing the Church, in regard to the United States, the Curia, and even China, as we are seeing these days with great concern and anxiety for that martyr Church
 Jacob Hornberger Check Amazon for Pricing Not surprisingly, the mainstream media isn’t even questioning that ludicrous notion
Nope, you can't, and you can't expect it when some of those writers write for other publications that don't measure up to NewsGuard's standards either The reason this little incident shouldn't be let go of so soon is that it is one of the clearest demonstrations of the media's bias, which we all have, lies and propaganda
I am sure there are many many others, too, who think alike, but whom I do not know Dear Cardinal Marx and dear Bishop Bode, there is only one Catholic answer: No!
Taos County Sheriff Jerry Hogrefe testified that they found children holding boxes of ammunition, and that one child was found with a gun… Because sharia trumps dead children, school shooting training, kidnapping and jihad training
How can one avoid concluding that the reason they do not provide the documentation is that they know it confirms my testimony? The center of my testimony was that since at least June 23, 2013, the pope knew from me how perverse and evil McCarrick was in his intentions and actions, and instead of taking the measures that every good pastor would have taken, the pope made McCarrick one of his principal agents in governing the Church, in regard to the United States, the Curia, and even China, as we are seeing these days with great concern and anxiety for that martyr Church
At no time was Assange offered the right of reply to this shocking interview, which Australia’s publicly-funded state broadcaster had a duty to give him As if that wasn’t enough, Ferguson’s executive producer, Sally Neighour, followed the interview with a vicious re-tweet: “Assange is Putin’s bitch
Americans Can the same be said for the Obama Administration?
Could you give us a feel for the kind of person Julian Assange is? JP: Julian is a very principled individual
Recently, I received a newspaper article from a confused, biblically illiterate friend asking me what my take was on an article titled, “Scripture teaches to submit to authorities” with reference to Romans Chapter 13 In this article, the author was calling out a Christian for protesting a corrupt representative in government, even going so far as to suggest this protestant ought to have stayed home to read their Bible rather than to protest corruption in government
The campaign to discredit Archbishop Viganò began instantaneously on the Catholic left wing Only hours after Viganò’s sworn testimony appeared online, the professional Catholic dissident Sean Michael Winters, writing for National Catholic Reporter, smeared the former Apostolic Nuncio to the United States, who holds doctorates in both civil and canon law, as “a trafficker in conspiracy theories who mixes fact, fiction and venom,” “more than a little obsessed with homosexuality”—like Oliver Stone, who “was obsessed with the grassy knoll”—“a disgruntled former employee” and “always a crackpot
Such a reading is causing “rampant confusion,” will spread “a plague of divorce” in the Church, and is “alien” to the Church’s entire faith and Tradition, the three bishops said in the profession “This is contrary to Divine Revelation,” Schneider further told LifeSite, adding that the “beautiful explanations” that are being presented to clergy and faithful as “discernment” and “pastoral accompaniment,” or a “change of paradigm” and “discovery of the subjective part of the truth,” when translated into “common sense language,” are tantamount to an allowance to sin
Representative Davis, who was interviewed by The Daily Caller, a conservative news site, after the photo emerged, called Mr  Farrakhan an “outstanding human being,” and later said he was not bothered by the leader’s position on “The Jewish Question
Tellingly, these asylum applicants were the elite of Indonesian society, because their higher average IQ, than the rather dull Indonesians 87 is the average Indonesian IQ , and note that average includes the higher average Chinese, so the locals really are a dull lot
A hat signed by @realDonaldTrump,” Joe Gallow wrote on Twitter #Update: Teen who made national news after having #MAGA hat stolen at a San Antonio fast food restaurant just got this in the mail
And he has always been a good person Nevertheless, using their standard contemptible, obstructionist tactics, the Democrats opposed to Judge Kavanaugh happily seized on the unsubstantiated allegation of teen sexual misbehavior in high school to assassinate Judge Kavanaugh’s character
The tyrant Ahab called him the troubler of Israel Elijah set the record straight when he answered, "I have not troubled Israel; but thou, and thy father's house, in that ye have forsaken the commandments of the LORD, and thou hast followed Baalim (1 Kings 18:18)
As to Bergoglio in particular, he courageously states openly the truth that so many of his brethren know but fear to speak in public: I want to recall this indefectible truth of the Church’s holiness to the many people who have been so deeply scandalized by the abominable and sacrilegious behavior of the former Archbishop of Washington, Theodore McCarrick; by the grave, disconcerting and sinful conduct of Pope Francis and by the conspiracy of silence of so many pastors, and who are tempted to abandon the Church, disfigured by so many ignominies
The fears that the “black death” would spread from Madagascar have now taken hold As nations grapple with the outbreak of the bubonic plague, nine countries are sounding warnings that the disease is spreading rapidly
22), and one of the most dangerous because it presents itself as the fulfillment of Revelation (of which Jesus would have been only a prophet) If Islam is a good religion in itself, as you seem to teach, why did we become Catholic?
Ungrateful reprobates, pretenders, counterfeits and hypocrites are what they are (Matthew 23:3) Instead of reaching out to the greatest demographic here in America, public high schools, they send missionaries to foreign lands to do there what they fail to do for their own here
com Somewhere in the “community standards” that Facebook demands everyone follow is a real doozy
Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer Imam Whose Son Was Training School Shooters Blasts Reporters On New Mexico Compound: “They Hate Islam”
[6] “justice and beneficence” are considered on behalf of the community, not the patient [7] Bioethicists take it as read that in order for a life to have sufficient “quality” it must demonstrate sufficient autonomy
While the current Iranian regime is certainly no bastion of freedom, the idea that US intervention or a violent revolution would be beneficial for the people of Iran or American citizens is outright insane To see what US intervention—through military support and the support of opposition groups—does to countries, one need only look at Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, and Libya to see the horrific death tolls and war-ravaged dystopias left in America’s wake
Sentiment isn’t going to be much comfort when the young man is no longer so very young and finds himself standing on the street outside the chancery with no skills, no money, no job, (no health insurance) and no prospects If it is true that we really are alone in this, then so be it
In 2009, Grassi was convicted of two counts of aggravated sexual assault and corruption in the case of “Gabriel,” who was aged 13 at the time of the abuse, but the appeals dragged on until he was finally sent to prison in September 2013 Several more similar cases, all of whom were rebuffed in their attempts to meet with Bergoglio, are detailed here, for the strong-of-stomach
And on the second issue  our client is very, very flexible in terms of making sure that the content is in compliance with the law
Keeping quiet has allowed the great atrocities of histories to take place If Julian is allowed to be spirited away to some super-max hellhole, it will be a great atrocity
“There are two principles we need to remember,” Chaput wrote “First, we need to treat all people with the respect and pastoral concern they deserve as children of God with inherent dignity
Take a look, and as always, PJW is hilarious in his presentation If they're prepared to lie this shamelessly, what else are they lying about?
The tradition of twenty centuries That we cannot change
This is what a courageous shepherd looks like! In our opinion, during the most vile clergy sex scandal in history, every bishop in the country must do exactly what Bishop Morlino has done, i
President Trump Orders FBI Investigation Into Kavanaugh Following Democrat Temper Tantrum Thought Judge Brett Kavanaugh has been through at least 6 FBI background checks, because of Senate Democrat temper tantrums and RINO Republican Senator Jeff Flake's desire to have another FBI investigation into allegations of sexual misconduct by Kavanaugh with zero evidence, President Trump succumbed to the pressure and issued an executive order on Friday that authorizes another FBI background check into Kavanaugh
He was not immediately available for comment Michael Mostyn, CEO of B’nai Brith Canada, called the report a whitewash
Jewish groups had criticized Boudreau’s report, saying it ignored anti-Semitic language used on Facebook by a group called Democratize SSMU The group was urging students to vote against Lew, and two other board members who were deemed to be pro-Israel, alleging “layers of corruption” within the student government and favouritism in appointing board members, then singled out three members of the board “who are all either fellows at the Canadian Jewish Political Affairs Committee, an organization whose explicit mandate is to promote pro-Israel discourse in Canadian politics, or primary organizers for the anti-BDS initiative at McGill
Not even from the Cross did Christ decry the death penalty, either for himself or for the two thieves crucified with Him It would continue to be dealt out to men by other men on earth, with only one significant change: Henceforth it would be administered under the authority of the glorified man who is Christ the King, as part and parcel of that universal power “in heaven and on earth” which He received from His Father (Matt
Its especial venom has been reserved for leftwing figures like Venezuela’s Hugo Chavez, democratically elected but official enemies of the US, rather than the region’s rightwing authoritarians beloved of Washington The Guardian has been vocal in the so-called “fake news” hysteria, decrying the influence of social media, the only place where leftwing dissidents have managed to find a small foothold to promote their politics and counter the corporate media narrative
 credibility with North Korea and thereby kill any chance of negotiations to resolve the crisis caused by North Korea's continued testing of sophisticated nuclear arms and ballistic missiles "If we want to talk to North Korea now, the possible end for the nuclear deal with Iran would jeopardize the credibility of such treaties," Reuters quoted German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel as saying
Imam Whose Son Was Training School Shooters Blasts Reporters On New Mexico Compound: “They Hate Islam” It’s noteworthy that AP would carry this story at all; certainly, neither AP nor the rest of the establishment media is ever so solicitous of those whom they smear as “anti-Muslim” to allow us to tell our side of the story
The findings echo similar reports that caused the US to recall non-essential embassy staff from Cuba in 2017, after at least 24 US citizens suffered symptoms indicating they had been deliberately and covertly targeted US investigators are looking into whether the employee in China has been affected by a "sonic attack", which was one of the theories behind the still-unexplained illnesses suffered in Havana
Please, don’t start calling me Nostradamus A blind man could see what was happening
Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller Horrifying Details Released: 2 Jihadi Muslims At Deadly NM Islamic Compound Hit With New Charges
The former apostolic nuncio to the United States has accused Francis of repealing sanctions imposed by Pope Benedict XVI on then-Cardinal McCarrick for sexual abuse This is a charge most serious, perhaps without precedent in modern times
His family’s lives have been completely upended Placing the burden on Judge Kavanaugh to prove that he was not involved in an uncorroborated incident from years ago, about which even his accuser does not recall key details, turns the fundamental constitutional principle of due process upside down
Marshals custody pending the outcome of his criminal case “The results of this operation are a clear indication of ICE’s commitment regarding the role we play in keeping our communities safe by locating, arresting and ultimately removing at-large criminal aliens who pose a threat to public safety, and other immigration fugitives,” said Daniel Bible, field office director for ERO in San Antonio
S  can be laid by strictly legal means … We have a well-organized political-action group in this country, determined to destroy our Constitution and establish a one-party state … It operates secretly, silently, continuously to transform our Government … This ruthless power-seeking elite is a disease of our century… This group … is answerable neither to the President, the Congress, nor the courts
But if I’m at Mar-A-Lago with the president, as Pamela has been reporting, the lawyers are … that I would be very happy,” she added Later, a panel member concluded that the Mueller report was in fact a “huge victory” for President Trump
I suspect that not even Viganò’s historic testimony will change the neo-Catholic position Quite the contrary, I would expect the neo-Catholic commentariat either to ignore Viganò’s witness, explain away his revelations or, failing that, make every effort to smear the man
Maybe But good and evil have a supernatural ring we usually reserve for dramatic and abominable crimes, like genocide
” He cried: “Indifference kills, and we desire to lift up our voices in opposition to this murderous indifference For the Middle East today is weeping, suffering and silent as others trample upon those lands in search of power or riches
On Monday special counsel Robert Mueller said Manafort lied to investigators, violating his recent plea deal The new sensational claim was immediately picked up by prominent reporters and major main stream outlets
” It was the Obama administration that recklessly abandoned the facts in pressing ahead with the deal The Obama administration lied to the American people, abandoning its own promises to ensure that the deal contained ironclad protections
Any one of these (and dozens of other) circumstances by themselves are not enough to dismiss this allegation outright However, taken together as a whole, it’s far too suspicious to lend it any credibility
There are plenty of these people who are simply happy to have a place to live after many were driven from their homes due to the US, Russia and other countries putting their noses where they didn't belong and funding, training and arming Islamic jihadis there Then, there are those who clearly come to the country to Islamasize the country because they have an Islamic dominionist attitude borne of the teachings of the Koran and Muhammad 
Here is what the clued-in Russian Defense Minister Shoigu has to say about the aggressive actions of the West against the Russian homeland If Putin doesn’t listen to him, Russia is in the trash can of history
“Islamophobia” is a thought crushing device designed to silence any and critics and criticism of Islam It is the tool in which the ummah enforces sharia blasphemy laws in the West
We have no doubt, of course, that no “mistake” had actually occurred in this matter and that the ban has only been lifted because of the publicity that we engaged in -- and received While it is a positive development that Facebook has lifted the ban on Jamie (for now), this story is crucial to amplify now more than ever, seeing that Facebook, and all of leftist-run social media, is, at this moment, clearly accelerating its totalitarian attack on the free speech of conservatives
SPECIAL REPORT: Pope Francis Accused of Inaction in Notorious Sex Abuse Cases The incident was brief: on the Thursday of the pope’s week-long South American trip, in response to an impromptu question tossed out by a Chilean reporter, the pope responded in what one reporter described as a “snippy tone”: “The day I see proof against Bishop Barros, then I will talk
Who Is Behind the Internet Thought Police? An article, “What the Red Pill Means for Radicals,” published on June 7 in the ironically named publication Fair Observer might have passed unnoticed as yet another uninformed, biased and ideologically motivated attack on all who ever get labeled “extremists
Throughout his book, Wills’ assurances that the Qur’an is not really as bad as “right-wing Islamophobes” say, or that the Bible contains material that is just as bad or worse, dissolve under close scrutiny Again and again it turns out that Wills has ignored key passages in order to make his case
Why?" “Why is it so easy, Theresa May, to jail Tommy Robinson, but so difficult to do anything at all about the monstrous crimes committed in the name of Islam all over this country every day?
” This must explain why he is attacked so much, because that is so threatening The enemy to great power is not the likes of the Taliban, it is us
Again, and I have asked this before, how do you fight the Deep State by putting Deep State operatives in these positions? How do you drain the swamp by adding to it?
Ever since the assassination, the CIA has argued that the release of any of its JFK records would threaten “national security ” One thing is for sure and undeniable: Despite the release of many of the CIA’s records in the 1990s and yesterday, the United States did not fall into the ocean or fall to the communists
All are federal crimes Trump also continued to cast himself as a victim in the matter, saying when he attempts to “FIGHT BACK or say anything bad about the Rigged Witch Hunt,” his critics “scream Obstruction!”
” That it figured so prominently in Christian societies is due to the fact that, in the order of charity, atonement to God was sought above any atonement due to man, and the spiritual welfare of citizens above their physical well-being Modern secularized society assumes that physical extinction is the worst thing that can happen to a human being, whereas the faith teaches that eternal damnation is incalculably worse
 18 allowing election supervisors in Bay County and other counties impacted by the storm to extend early voting days and designate more early voting locations, but did not make provision for voting by fax or email Speaking at an African American church in Boynton Beach in Palm Beach County, north of Miami, on Monday night, Gillum expressed outrage that Anderson broke election laws and allowed these approximately 150 Floridians to vote by fax or email, The Associated Press reported
EXPERIMENTAL Ebola Vaccine Will Be Administered In Congo As Ebola Death Toll Climbs An experimental Ebola vaccine is being rolled out in Congo as the death toll from the infectious disease continues to climb
That means they didn’t find an ISIS membership card in his wallet, or lots of phone calls to Iraq or Syria, or a note from Kazi reading, “I did this for Allah and Islam Allahu akbar
 Buchanan is the author of “The Greatest Comeback: How Richard Nixon Rose From Defeat to Create the New Majority His latest book, published May 9, is “Nixon’s White House Wars: The Battles That Made and Broke a President and Divided America Forever
In the aftermath of the September 11th attacks, our government squandered precious moral authority in a futile effort to produce intelligence by means of torture We are still dealing with the consequences of that desperately misguided decision
By no later than September 29, the inspector general alleged, the bureau had learned “virtually every fact” it would cite as justification late the next month to search Weiner’s laptop for messages of Clinton and top aide Huma Abedin The inspector general derided the bureau’s reasons for not moving more quickly — that agents were waiting for additional information from New York, that they couldn’t move without a warrant and that investigators were more focused on the Russia case — as “unpersuasive,” “illogical,” and inconsistent with their assertion that they would leave no stone unturned on Clinton
The Last-Minute Character Assassination of Judge Kavanaugh Using any despicable tactic at hand to derail Judge Brett Kavanaugh’s Supreme Court confirmation less than a week before the Senate Judiciary Committee is scheduled to vote on whether to approve his nomination, Senate Democrats have sunk to their lowest level of character assassination yet
” Gevelber continued by commending everyone she said, “worked so hard to ensure all the Get out the Vote were done in Spanish” that their efforts “made a giant difference” in the election “to Googlers and beyond
”) The length of the Mueller-McGahn sessions led Trump to the conclusion the special counsel is “looking for trouble” because they “they know there is no Russian Collusion
Orban said on Sunday that Europe faces a critical fissure between nation states of the East and the West, which he called an "immigrant zone, a mixed population world that heads in a direction different from ours" As the West wants eastern Europe to follow its lead, an increasingly vicious struggle was likely, he said, alluding to a plan to redraw the European alliance advocated by the leaders of France and Germany
I am not a fan of Donald Trump But to see the partisans of the defeated candidate (and a particularly obnoxious defeated candidate) manipulate the security services and the media to create an entirely false public perception, in order to attempt to overturn the result of the US Presidential election, is the most astonishing thing I have witnessed in my lifetime
Speaking to Catholic News Agency, Monsignor Jean-François Lantheaume, who served as first Counsellor of the Nunciature in Washington, confirmed that “Viganò said the truth That’s all,” when he stated in his sworn account that Nuncio Pietro Sambi conveyed to McCarrick at the Nunciature in Washington the sanctions that had been imposed on him by Pope Benedict—sanctions Bergoglio ignored for five years until forced to act by a worldwide storm of outrage
A last key point, the said, is to ridicule the enemy Ridicule is a vicious and potent weapon
Not on the Pentagon Not on the unaware American people
Ray said the top three reasons that parents choose homeschooling are a desire to provide religious instruction or different values than those offered in public schools; dissatisfaction with the academic curriculum, and worries about the school environment Since teachers are not allowed to arm themselves to defend their students against the violence often perpetrated at schools simply because they are gun free zones, homeschooling takes care of that problem
Over and over again, you can see that the Church was to stand in protest against the wicked that were at war with Christ (Revelation 12:17), in dealing with not only the corrupt and wicked priests, but also the corrupt and wicked in government as well as those who submitted to such
(The National Lawyers Guild is an old Communist front group that somehow survived the fall of the Soviet Union Regimes come and go; dupes are forever
And what of the training of little jihadis? Nothing!
They are the furthest thing from terrorists They are hard-working, family ranchers who simply were doing their job
Yeah, and people are dying by the hundreds of thousands at the hands of drugs approved by the FDA, but I don't hear you guys calling to shut down the unconstitutional FDA or put Big Pharma out of business, does anyone else? Where is Berg's blog post on that?
S  can be laid by strictly legal means … We have a well-organized political-action group in this country, determined to destroy our Constitution and establish a one-party state … It operates secretly, silently, continuously to transform our Government … This ruthless power-seeking elite is a disease of our century… This group … is answerable neither to the President, the Congress, nor the courts
He likes a racist hate group But doesn't believe white people are devils or Jews are satanic
Pay attention to the first line in that quote above in which Bolton notes that the opposition needed to overthrow Iran’s current regime “is centered in this room today ” Who was in that room?
We don’t see eye-to-eye on everything, of course, but his faith and pastoral solicitude have for us been a light in the darkness and proof that God has not left us orphans And now this, finally, a bishop with the courage to look the beast in the eye and speak its name out loud
Ray said the top three reasons that parents choose homeschooling are a desire to provide religious instruction or different values than those offered in public schools; dissatisfaction with the academic curriculum, and worries about the school environment Since teachers are not allowed to arm themselves to defend their students against the violence often perpetrated at schools simply because they are gun free zones, homeschooling takes care of that problem
” Martin thus revels in smug certitude that the future of the universal Church is in the hands of legions of intrinsically disordered homosexual bishops and priests and their homosexual successors, who will perpetuate an existing worldwide homosexual network, and that there is absolutely nothing we can or should do about it
Representative Barbara Comstock also testified on Tuesday She said that one current member of Congress exposed his private parts to a female staffer when she delivered papers to his house…
But Richard now has a new hat, and it was signed by Donald Trump himself! *Please note that the below video contains racial slurs and could be considered violent to some
(Deuteronoy 23:3-6) Yes, they were While Muslims need the Gospel for sure, one cannot allow such an influx into the country, or all you are asking for is the judgments God warned about in Deuteronomy 28
[6] “justice and beneficence” are considered on behalf of the community, not the patient [7] Bioethicists take it as read that in order for a life to have sufficient “quality” it must demonstrate sufficient autonomy
Let’s start with the Cardinal who will lead the upcoming Synod, none other than Cardinal Kevin Farrell, Prefect of the Dicastery for Laity, Family and Life As the DC roommate and protege of Ted McCarrick, Farrell so respected McCarrick, the Molester, that he fashioned his Coat of Arms as a tribute to Uncle Ted
The German authorities came to the inescapable conclusion that the attack had nothing to do with Islam Instead the Muslim terrorist had been “mentally ill” and was probably not even fit to stand trial
How any of this is consistent with support for the Second Amendment is anyone's guess I think they throw that language in to cover for the fact that they are attacking it head on and attacking the rights of the people
Days later, after her account was found to be entirely false, she was fired for it Wilburn became the first cop in 41 years — since officer Darrell Cain murdered a 12-year-old boy in the back of his squad car — to be indicted for shooting a suspect
Neither Manafort nor these “Russians” are in the visitor logs … What possible motive would the Ecuadorean government have for facilitating secret unrecorded visits by Paul Manafort? Furthermore it is impossible that the intelligence agency – who were in charge of the security – would not know the identity of these alleged “Russians”
Trump announced Tillerson’s ouster via Twitter Tuesday, saying: “Mike Pompeo, Director of the CIA, will become our new Secretary of State He will do a fantastic job!
On of those followers is Katherine Viner: WikiLeaks @wikileaks - 13:06 utc - 27 Nov 2018 SCOOP: In letter today to Assange's lawyers, Guardian's Luke Harding, winner of Private Eye's Plagiarist of the Year, falsely claims jailed former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort had secret meetings with Assange in 2013, 2015 and 2016 in story Guardian are "planning to run"
“Wait,” I said “You are the Pope’s representative in the US, and you are urging me to read a book that questions what the secretary of state wrote?” Sambi replied, “All I am saying is that there are interesting things worth reading in this book
Are you going to submit?” he asked the crowds “Are you going to resist?”
Jimenez was later arrested and shortly thereafter fired from his job for ripping off Richard’s hat and stealing it “This is gonna go right in my f**king fireplace, b***h,” Jimenez said, acting like a bully for stealing a teenager’s hat
In rating CNN, NewsGuard posts this nonsense I'm sure NewsGuard, Yemile Bucay, Anna-Sophie Harling and Amy Westfeldt need to update this in the light of the obvious lies and editing of the Acosta video and decades of documented, outright lies and propaganda by the Clown News Network, but you can't expect real transparency from an outlet like Newsguard whose writers aren't transparent about their own political bias, can you?
They declare we're in the end times because they have failed to stand up and fight for their posterity in keeping the Lord's commandments and His judgments (Psalm 78:1-11) Ungrateful reprobates, pretenders, counterfeits and hypocrites are what they are (Matthew 23:3)
Conway is saying it’s “only a matter of time” before the disease arrives on British soil Conroy warned it is inevitable that the plague will spread due to the vast movement of people across the globe
'” “Glazov’s advice also involves the promotion of supporting moderate Muslims – a move that is, clearly, horrifying to Facebook’s masters and therefore also violates their ‘community standards,'” the report said
342 million more working-age immigrants than in May 2017 This comes on the heels of gains of 2
K I was going to be among a group of freedom-fighters – a true rainbow coalition of human rights activists from all over the world (a Hindu princess had been set to join us) – to honor the memory of Lee Rigby, the British soldier who had been murdered on a London street in broad daylight by an Islamic jihadist on May 22, 2013
” This is a disgrace
As I indicated in my two articles this week, the CIA was between a rock and a hard place On the one hand, it could refuse to grant Trump what he wanted and let the records be released, which it knew would point to the CIA’s guilt in the assassination
I completely agree with that assessment and fully support President Trump pardoning these men They are the furthest thing from terrorists
South Florida Muslim Leader Sofian Zakkout’s David Duke Day David Duke, the white supremacist icon and former Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan, has been denounced by many as a hatemonger, and rightfully so
Kritarch Saris is in the wrong on both counts; she has neither authority over the detention of illegal aliens nor any authority to continue the Obama Regime Administrative Amnesty She is like Derrick Kahala Watson , a treasonous kritarch, unwilling to submit her hunger for power and ideology to the Constitution and the law
Similarly, Jude 7 declares, " Sodom and Gomorrah and the surrounding towns gave themselves up to sexual immorality and perversion
'Right decision' Ms Geller, of the Atlas Shrugs blog, and Mr Spencer, of Jihad Watch, are also co-founders of the American Freedom Defense Initiative, best known for a pro-Israel "Defeat Jihad" poster campaign on the New York subway
A pretty big one if you ask me Gillum is not a lawful man as he does not support the right to keep and bear arms, but rather considers Americans as criminals who need to prove their innocence before obtaining a gun
The government needs to stop cooperating with, and listening to, Muslim Brotherhood front groups such as CAIR and ISNA immediately The Muslim Brotherhood document, the Explanatory Memorandum, has made it clear that the Brotherhood’s objective is to destroy our civilization from within by our own hands with the influence of these groups
At the same time, however, the love and mercy which we are called to have even for the worst of sinners does not exclude holding them accountable for their actions through a punishment proportionate to the gravity of their offense In fact, a just punishment is an important work of love and mercy, because, while it serves primarily as retribution for the offense committed, it also offers the guilty party an opportunity to make expiation for his sin in this life (if he willingly accepts his punishment), thus sparing him worse punishment in the life to come
“There have been some steps taken by the administration and the student body in the right direction, but it’s certainly not over,” he said In the months leading up to the vote, there had been other anti-Semitic incidents, including a tweet by Igor Sadikov, an elected representative of students in McGill’s faculty of arts, saying: “punch a zionist
FBI: Muslim Teen From NM Islamic Compound Trained For Jihad: "Raise An Army" "Killing Non-Believers On Behalf Of Allah" It was a jihad training camp
Algemeiner reported: Nation of Islam leader and prominent antisemite Louis Farrakhan chanted “Death to America” and claimed that “America has never been a democracy” on Sunday during a solidarity trip to Iran, ahead of the re-implementation of US sanctions on the country this week
And now, a US Army Colonel is predicting that another Gulf of Tonkin incident could bring us into war with Iran As President Donald Trump continues to surround himself with neocon warhawks, the drums are beating for war with Iran
S  as "Great Satan" during a Tehran University Speech; Says to Iranians: If You Persevere in Your Revolution Despite the Sanctions, "Victory Will Be Yours
Wasserman Schultz kept paying her until March 17 — 12 days after Alvi went to Pakistan with $12,000 in a suitcase Her actions so rattled the Administration Committee’s Democratic staff director, Jamie Fleet, that he planted a negative story in Politico that revealed Wasserman Schultz, his fellow Democrat, was continuing to pay the suspect, two House sources said
I think it's great that Mr  Saucier has been pardoned, I really do, but I continue to ask what a lot of Americans continue to ask, why does the known criminal Hillary Clinton remain at large in our country with her corrupt foundation taking in billions, her trashing our Republic and continuing to have a national voice?
They cannot agree on the Scriptures They cannot agree on the person and work of Jesus the Christ
But this ridiculous exercise in virtue-signaling, even though it has not (yet) been taken up by the Home Office, only highlights Britain’s hypocrisy and double standards regarding who can enter the country and who cannot Pamela Geller and I are banned from entering the country for the crime of telling the truth about Islam and jihad
His manifest unreliability on this point casts a shadow on his primary assertions about the Qur’an Wills seems determined to put the best possible face on the Qur’an, which requires him to ignore a great deal of Qur’anic incitement and hatred
US Conference of Mayors Call For More Gun Confiscation Legislation The United States Conference of Mayors passed several resolutions last week that called for more gun confiscation legislation following all the debate about guns after several shootings, despite the fact that government has never been given authority to restrict or regulate arms
“Attorney General Barr must not give President Trump, his lawyers or his staff any ‘sneak preview’ of Special Counsel Mueller’s findings or evidence, and the White House must not be allowed to interfere in decisions about what parts of those findings or evidence are made public The Democratic leaders said Mueller’s investigation “focused on questions that go to the integrity of our democracy itself: whether foreign powers corruptly interfered in our elections, and whether unlawful means were used to hinder that investigation
With that in mind, one of the most important areas our representatives need to be strong in is on your right to keep and bear arms, protected in the Second Amendment Gun Owners of America has put out their scorecard and for some, it will be eye-opening
The aim was to silence and criminalise WikiLeaks and its editor and publisher It was as if they planned a war on a single human being and on the very principle of freedom of speech
An abused person wouldn’t do that But all the lies about Thomas at what he described as a “high-tech lynching for uppity blacks” had an effect
” SMITH: “You whip ’em up
Jeanine Pirro spoke to Hannity on Thursday night and asked, "Since when does truth and justice or guilt and innocence depend on your political party I fear for this nation when this is now the standard
” He said McGill is not alone in this respect, as this is a continent-wide phenomenon within student politics
Of course, Trump has inherited a problem that has existed for several administrations, both Republican and Democrat, for decades It is time that Congress sure up things so that America's tax dollars are not bound up in a worthless judicial process when people are clearly in the country illegally
The tweet early Wednesday was the president’s most explicit post or statement to date seemingly aimed at getting his attorney general, the nation’s top law enforcement officer, to end the probe The tweet, along with several others Wednesday morning, accelerated the president’s attacks on the investigation, which he claims is tainted by bias
The media gave scant coverage to Obama’s close relationship with radical Reverend Jeremiah “God damn America) Wright who blamed the US for 9/11 I detailed Obama’s nefarious connections and resulting worldview in my book, The Post-American Presidency: The Obama Administration’s War on America , which was ignored by the mainstream media
 Conference of Mayors registers its strong support for extreme risk protection order laws and urges both states and the federal government to enact such laws," the group wrote They are fully in support of violating the Fifth Amendment rights of otherwise law-abiding citizens based on merely the fact that someone claims that a family member is a harm to themselves or others, even though they have not committed a crime
But among secular reporters the sex abuse issue trumps all others and the fallout continues to blaze down on the Bergoglian pontificate in response to his amazing accusation earlier this month that victims of sexual abuse by clergy were engaging in “calumny,” in their accusations against a Chilean bishop, Juan de la Cruz Barros Madrid It seems the shine is coming off the papal penny among leftist secular journalists, his natural constituency
As a proper Antichrist, Islam exists only as an enemy of all: “Between us and you there is enmity and hatred forever, until you believe in Allah alone!” (Qur’an 60 4) For the Qur’an, Christians “are only impurity” (Quran 9
It's no wonder the establishment is viewed with such derision Flake calls Trump "dangerous to our democracy
" All this came *before* Ellison praised him as "a role model" in 1995, and was photographed selling Farrakhan's newspaper in 1998
You ain’t supporting shit nigga,” and then throws the drink in the face of a 16-year-old boy With MAGA hat in hand, the man walks away saying “Bitch ass motherf**ker
Irony of ironies, the latter-day Pharisees and legalists Francis sees around every corner are hard at work defending Amoris Laetitia at the very moment it is being cited by bishop after bishop as their sole authority for admitting public adulterers to Holy Communion---while Francis does nothing but approve I think you should follow your own advice about studying this matter with an open heart and mind, but above all with open eyes, for you have clearly shut them to what is going in the dioceses in the name of AL
 Adam Schiff, D-Calif , are blasting the declassification order as a “clear abuse of power
Senator Feinstein had initially resisted sharing the contents of the letter with her fellow Democrat members of the Senate Judiciary Committee or to go public with its existence because “the incident was too distant in the past to merit public discussion” and she had already “taken care of it,” according to a source quoted by The New Yorker Nevertheless, Senator Feinstein evidently bowed to pressure from her leftist colleagues to find a way to insert the allegation into the cesspool of public gossip at the eleventh hour
In West Virginia, it gets even worse Rich Penkoski has alerted me to the latest development in the forced Islamization of his children’s school curriculum: after the Daily Caller and Geller Report exposed what was happening, Mountain Ridge administrators and teachers began messaging parents who were sharing the story, asking them to remove their posts
This was typical of the worthless assurances that Obama officials made And disgraced themselves by doing so
In fact, Saris' actions appear to more akin to that of the Mexican kritarch Monica Herranz who aided an illegal alien to escape arrest by ICE when she let that illegal alien leave her courtroom through the exit to her judicial chambers Saris is clearly scheming to help Rombot escape deportation by disappearing into the almost 1 million illegal aliens absconding from Final Orders of Removal
Here's the thing, while this is making major news, you should be reminded that for decades, at least 22 verified Islamic jihadi camps have existed on American soil under the watchful, or maybe not so watchful, eye of the FBI, including one in the very country I reside in within eyeshot of a nuclear power plant Political correctness needs to be thrown out the window when dealing with those who take the Quran's teachings seriously and actually are devout, not radical, followers of Muhammad
” In his Twitter post, Trump also blasted the 17 angry Democrats that are doing a conflicted Mueller’s dirty work
But she is a Leftist, and the Left is increasingly anti-Semitic, so she will cruise to victory “Dem Candidate Ilhan Omar Defending Tweet On ‘The Evil Doings Of Israel,’” by Frank Camp, Daily Wire, October 28, 2018:
 financier George Soros, whose philanthropy aims to bolster liberal and open-border values -- anathema to Orban, an advocate of a loose group of strong nation states that reject multiculturalism The Hungarian leader has advocated "ethnic homogeneity" and compared Soros, a Jew, to a puppet master unleashing immigration onto Europe to undermine its cultural and economic integrity
Zilch Sebastian Gorka is crucially correct, therefore, when he recommends a national counter-propaganda campaign that involves a two-part approach: the first being the bolstering of efforts to define our enemy (Steps #1 and #4 above) and, second, the strengthening of our allies and partners in their own counter-propaganda efforts – which must include our empowering of Muslims who are trying to form an anti-Jihadist version of Islam
Francis and Farrell’s 'Sinod' on the Youth, #StopThe Synod2018 During the last 5 years of this papacy, Francis and his Synodal Schemers masterfully manipulated, rigged, and exploited the synodal process
 Farage, are we to think about the Muslims who consider themselves and their religion to be at war with us? Nigel Farage has become just another mainstream hack politician
The administration should stop the State Department from going ahead with this foolhardy move, and Congress should act to plug the loopholes that these guns are designed to take advantage of 3-D-printed guns put carnage a click away
All are federal crimes Trump also continued to cast himself as a victim in the matter, saying when he attempts to “FIGHT BACK or say anything bad about the Rigged Witch Hunt,” his critics “scream Obstruction!”
We’re also talking about homosexual propositions and abuses against seminarians and young priests by powerful priests, bishops, and cardinals We are talking about acts and actions which are not only in violation of the sacred promises made by some, in short, sacrilege, but also are in violation of the natural moral law for all
Anti-jihadist activist Pamela Geller praised Orban for his honesty and wrote, "At last, a politician who speaks the truth about the Muslim invasion of Europe And while Orban is right that these are 'economic migrants,' they are also 'Muslim invaders
This is what a courageous shepherd looks like! In our opinion, during the most vile clergy sex scandal in history, every bishop in the country must do exactly what Bishop Morlino has done, i
Cain is told, “What hast thou done? The voice of thy brother’s blood crieth to me from the earth,” and God curses him for his presumption by dooming him to homelessness and unproductive labor
Frontpage editors are happy to announce our free speech victory: Facebook has lifted Frontpage editor Jamie Glazov's 30-day ban on Facebook, apologizing and saying that the block was a “mistake” We have no doubt, of course, that no “mistake” had actually occurred in this matter and that the ban has only been lifted because of the publicity that we engaged in -- and received
The streets outside the embassy are virtually empty, whereas they should be full of people saying that we are with you The principles involved in this case are absolutely clear-cut
 Ford has decided to do what she called her “civic responsibility” and tell her own story publicly How convenient, coming just 4 days before the scheduled Senate Judiciary Committee vote!
But several people who had followed the Russiagate fairytale and the Mueller investigation were immediately suspicious of the Guardian claim The story was weakly sourced and included some details that seemed unlikely to be true
All they would need to do is download a computer file and use a 3-D printer to stamp out a gun No background check would weed out felons, those with mental illness, domestic abusers or possible terrorists
9: 22,27), but now with the possibility of eternal bliss in heaven This possibility is owed, furthermore, to a death by one of the cruelest means ever devised, unjustly inflicted on one supremely innocent Man who was God, in a miscarriage of human justice beyond any the world could ever have imagined
” “Countering Violent Extremism” is the pathetic and destructive focus of the Obama administration in allegedly fighting the terror war
And yes, I call it the cut-of-his-jib test quite deliberately It's no surprise that someone who hires based on what he thinks someone doing that job should look like, which seems to be based on hazy old-time Hollywood casting, would wind up with fewer women in his administration than any of his recent predecessors
New York Times, you're lying Every media outlet from the Associated Press to NBC, you're lying when you say the video was doctored and that Acosta didn't touch the woman
Karen Monahan, the woman who accused Keith Ellison of domestic abuse, says Democrats don’t believe her and are turning a blind eye and ear toward her claims — yet curiously, finding time and cause to go after Brett Kavanaugh Democrats, they do pick their “victims” well, don’t they?
There’s a “liberal wing” and a “conservative wing” and they’re both Catholic Steve Skojec told me that our willingness to go along with the whole “emeritus pope” charade was an error: “I think the problem is that we all went along with their game of make believe, and we shouldn’t have
Among the troubling threads that run through Ellison’s career: support for cop killers In September 1992 Minneapolis police officer Jerry Haaf was murdered execution-style, shot in the back as he took a coffee break at a restaurant in south Minneapolis
Is it a violation of submission to God's principles to keep preaching, “Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins…”? Absolutely not!
That includes his public and repeated repudiations of Louis Farrakhan’s views over the years Today is no different — he still rejects the harmful and divisive views Farrakhan continues to espouse
TFTP has been planning for this day and we have been growing our email list and our subscriber base We will not be silenced
Pamela Geller and I are banned from entering the country for the crime of telling the truth about Islam and jihad According to Breitbart, “Sellner, who described the detention centre as looking akin to a typical American prison, said he was told by authorities that his speaking at Hyde Park could cause violence and disrupt community cohesion
November 29, 2018 This Guardian Fake News Story Proves That The Media Can't Be Trusted
About the clip, on Facebook, Zakkout wrote above it, “Makes a lot of sense!” Of course, this is coming from someone [Zakkout] who regularly refers to Jews as “monkeys and pigs,” and in February 2016, circulated on social media a report claiming that “the Holocaust was faked ” The report calls the Holocaust “the biggest lie ever foisted upon humanity” and was produced by a media outlet which describes Hitler as “the greatest leader in modern Western history
Haig added, "I had no contribution to what Paddock did I had no way to see into his mind
Boudreau’s report said the message followed the assembly vote, but in fact it was posted at the beginning of October Democratize SSMU deleted the message, which targeted Lew and two other candidates, after the meeting and apologized for publishing material that was “insensitive to anti-Semitic tropes of Jewish people as corrupt and politically powerful
Another problem with Farage’s statement is that it manifests a remarkable ignorance of history While he is deeply concerned that British people not begin to think that resisting jihad terror means that they are in a “battle” with the “entire religion” of Islam, he appears unaware of the fact that many Muslims throughout history have considered their entire religion to be at war with the entire non-Muslim world
" All very well and good, except for the fact that the Church's constant and unchanging moral teaching on this makes no such allowance
Reprinted from The Duran Deep State Insurrection Defying POTUS Trump’s Order
Not surprisingly, Baldisseri never once mentions that dreaded word, dogma in the Instrumentum Laboris, but effuses about accompaniment 136 times! This doltish and dimwitted document wreaks of psycho babble, insults the intelligence of young people, and will destroy the future of the Church
Stephen Vladeck, a University of Texas law professor, agreed that Sessions cannot stop the Russia investigation given that he recused himself “The president, intentionally or not, is misdirecting his ire,” Vladeck said
Former three-term Rep  John Delaney wrote the “patriotic action for the Attorney General is to release the entire Mueller Report to the American people
Other Hondurans are leaving the country to join the caravan of illegal immigrants attempting to illegally enter the United States against president Trump’s wishes I am watching the Democrat Party led (because they want Open Borders and existing weak laws) assault on our country by Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador, whose leaders are doing little to stop this large flow of people, INCLUDING MANY CRIMINALS, from entering Mexico to U
Hellbent to destroy President Trump, they toil in Soviet fictions and titillating porn stories House investigators found the House server was being used for nefarious purposes and the alleged Muslim spies were removing information and sending it for foreign actors
TV yesterday, the president said he ordered the mass declassification to show the public that the FBI investigation of the conspiracy theory began as a “hoax ” Exposing it could be one of the “crowning achievements” of his presidency, he said
Sixteen-year-old Hunter Richard was wearing a “Make America Great Again” hat while enjoying a calm dinner at a Whataburger in Texas when a stranger, now identified as 30-year-old Kino Jimenez, yanked it off his head and threw a soda in his face But Richard now has a new hat, and it was signed by Donald Trump himself!
Extolling his particular expertise in the matter, having been President of the Committee on Protection of Children and Young People of the USCCB, he asserted that the main problem in the crisis of sexual abuse by clergy is not homosexuality, and that affirming this is only a way of diverting attention from the real problem which is clericalism In support of this thesis, Cupich “oddly” made reference to the results of research carried out at the height of the sexual abuse of minors crisis in the early 2000s, while he “candidly” ignored that the results of that investigation were totally denied by the subsequent Independent Reports by the John Jay College of Criminal Justice in 2004 and 2011, which concluded that, in cases of sexual abuse, 81% of the victims were male
President Donald Trump tweeted late last week, “Mayor Gillum conceded on Election Day and now Broward County has put him ‘back in play ’ Bill Nelson conceded Election — now he’s back in play!?
Depending on an alien’s criminality, an alien who re-enters the United States after having been previously deported commits a felony punishable by up to 20 years in federal prison, if convicted “Our dedicated officers strive to make our communities safer by arresting convicted criminal aliens and removing them from the United States despite the reckless sanctuary policies that are currently in place in Cook County that put our communities at risk,” said Ricardo Wong, field office director of ERO Chicago
This is just silly The constant hand-wringing, from the left-wing media, over President Trump’s loyalties and his connection with Russia is just silly
) Forget the Wolff book brouhaha and Trump’s latest DACA dalliance —the real story is outside the Beltway , where real people live and work
Even aside from its decade-long campaign against Assange, the Guardian is far from “solid and reliable”, as Greenwald claims It has been at the forefront of the relentless, and unhinged, attacks on Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn for prioritising the rights of Palestinians over Israel’s right to continue its belligerent occupation
Other parents do not wish to have their children indoctrinated with views that contradict the parents’ political, social, or even religious beliefs I encourage all parents looking at alternatives to government schools —alternatives that provide children with a well-rounded education that introduces them to the history and ideas of liberty — to go to RonPaulCurriculum
With all the mud Democrats have been slinging at Kavanaugh, he would be thrilled to be approved by a margin as wide as 52 to 48 Conservatives need to remember that the purpose of the Left’s frenzied, demagogic assault is to damage the nominee, and by extension, the president who nominated him
The world remains vulnerable We do not know where and when the next global pandemic will occur, but we know it will take a terrible toll both on human life and on the economy,” said Dr
Bill Maher, for whatever unappealing drawbacks he has in conservatives’ eyes, has set a bold standard in this respect in his Burka Fashion Show skit American comedians need to start writing scripts that follow in Maher’s footsteps and Americans need to encourage and equip them to do so – and to also vigorously defend them from the attacks and slanders they will inevitably receive from totalitarian leftist and Islamic forces
However, the Qur’an says: “Muhammad is the Messenger of Allah, and those who are with him are severe against disbelievers, and merciful among themselves” (48:29) If the Ramadan imperative is to become more devout, the Muslim who applies himself diligently to the Ramadan observance will simultaneously become more both merciful to his fellow Muslims and more severe against the unbelievers
Hellbent to destroy President Trump, they toil in Soviet fictions and titillating porn stories House investigators found the House server was being used for nefarious purposes and the alleged Muslim spies were removing information and sending it for foreign actors
It is evident that all of the reforms came from the Council And if the reforms are bad, then it is impossible that the Council is good and all the reforms are bad, because that is the authentic interpretation of the Council by Rome
The facts refute their arguments, but beyond that, the Second Amendment recognizes the right to keep and bear arms is a right given to us by our Creator, not a permission we gain from government So, while they tell you they support the Second Amendment and that their unlawful policies are consistent with it, nothing could be further from the truth
— Juanita Broaddrick (@atensnut) September 21, 2018 Yet now the Democrats, including Feinstein, want to demand Christine Blasey Ford have her day in court, figuratively speaking, for her flimsy and meritless accusations against Kavanaugh?
As they should It's frivolous, but because they are immature children over at CNN, it's not surprising, and frankly, it's no surprise coming from Fox either
On Tuesday, Fox News host Tucker Carlson and Colonel Douglas Macgregor addressed the growing prospect of US war with Iran and warned that a new “Gulf of Tonkin incident” could be used to drag us into it Carlson mocked the neocons’ claims that Iran is the “greatest threat” to America, explicitly noting that “virtually every attack in America has been inspired not by Iran, but by Iran’s Sunni enemies
Democratic Illinois Rep  Danny Davis thinks Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan, a notorious racist and anti-Semite, does “outstanding work” but doesn’t agree with Farrakhan’s positions that white people are “devils” and Jewish people are satanic
“I frankly think that Pompeo’s positions are too much of an advocate for regime change, really everywhere,” he added "I don't think our policy ought to be for regime change, so I think Pompeo really isn't a good fit to be a diplomat
They called to Lot, 'Where are the men who came to you tonight? Bring them out to us so that we can have sex with them
Guyger then called 911 from her cellphone and started performing first aid She turned on the lights, then went to the front door again and realized the apartment wasn't hers, the affidavit says
As to matters of purely ecclesiastical law such as this one the Church has always allowed for departures from traditional practice in cases of emergency or grave necessity And just as a synod was employed to address three rival claimants to the papal throne in 1046, declaring at least two of them deposed, so today might it be possible for reform-minded cardinals and bishops, comprising an imperfect council, to undo the incalculable damage caused by the cabal that lobbied for Bergoglio’s election before the last conclave—a cabal that included none other than McCarrick, whom Bergoglio rewarded by rehabilitating that monster despite the massive evidence of his unspeakable crimes
She may very well believe everything she’s saying, and that is one of the signs of lunacy, believing something that isn’t real ” And her lawyer is “even loonier
S  can be laid by strictly legal means … We have a well-organized political-action group in this country, determined to destroy our Constitution and establish a one-party state … It operates secretly, silently, continuously to transform our Government … This ruthless power-seeking elite is a disease of our century… This group … is answerable neither to the President, the Congress, nor the courts
Elnökségi ülés után Elnökségi ülés után // After the meeting of the presidency Posted by Orbán Viktor on Wednesday, February 7, 2018 Orban's words are reminiscent of those of US President Donald Trump, who spoke about putting "America First
It’s been a smear campaign from the beginning and it is this way by design Amber Guyger took an innocent person’s life, and because people are so blinded by the badge, she is being portrayed as the victim
So, if, for example, the committee followed the rules and agreed Friday (today) to a hearing, the soonest it could be held would be next Friday, the final business day before the Supreme Court’s new term begins Of course, lawyers are masters of delay, and social justice warrior-lawyers hoping to torpedo President Trump’s agenda have an added incentive to drag the confirmation process out as long as possible
(@New_England_) October 10, 2017 While we may never know the exact circumstances surrounding what transpired in the shooter’s hotel room, the information being released not just by law enforcement, but witnesses to the event who recorded hundreds of cumulative hours of video and audio, now calls the entirety official story into question
Former three-term Rep  John Delaney wrote the “patriotic action for the Attorney General is to release the entire Mueller Report to the American people
 affairs In fact, he believes Barack Obama got Russian help too
” At the top of the fourth page of the email, Murillo asks her colleagues at Google to give out a “smile” to grieving leftist Latinos who work at the company
Much of this is about self-defense The more Trump is investigated, the less he can investigate, reform or implement changes to the swamp
“My expectation is it will probably have the same outcome, because the church is the church, and they do it for appearance, but they’re still going to go by their own rules,” he said “I’ve seen little that has changed
Senator Feinstein called Ted “Chappaquiddick” Kennedy an "inspiration and a friend," presumably also based on their compatible ideologies Hypocritically exploiting an unsubstantiated allegation of decades-old purported teenage sexual mischief, Democrats seeking to torpedo Judge Kavanaugh’s Supreme Court confirmation for ideological reasons have debased themselves with a shameless smear campaign against an eminently qualified candidate for the Supreme Court
What started after the 2016 election as a reduction in the rate of increase in the foreign-born population of working age has turned into an outright retreat This is in dramatic contrast to the last months of the Obama Regime, which saw year-over-year increases in immigrant working-age population far in excess of the estimated 1 million legal immigrants admitted annually, and which I argued meant that an unreported illegal alien surge was underway
President Trump said: “President Obama, along with (then-CIA Director John) Brennan and (then Director of National Intelligence James) Clapper and the whole group that you see on television now – probably getting paid a lot of money by your networks – they knew about Russia’s attempt to interfere in the election in September, and they totally buried it And as I said, they buried it because they thought that Hillary Clinton was going to win
” A point that Dreher’s informants have brought up needs to be made emphatic: the homosexualist cabal that is currently reported to be dominant in the Catholic hierarchy (and don’t imagine this is confined to the United States or even to the English speaking world) have a well documented methodology of mutual protection-and-threat that keeps the whole apparatus afloat
The dispute came after Awan’s father was charged with fraud in relation to the deal, and the mysterious exertion of political influence resulted in Pakistani authorities instead targeting the elderly alleged victims, according to a local report And when a House Office of Inspector General cybersecurity investigation found that Awan made “unauthorized access” to House servers, including the House Democratic Caucus’ shortly before the election, Wasserman Schultz became “frantic, not normal,” “making the rounds” to House officials in an attempt to kill the investigation, one House employee told The Daily Caller News Foundation
"With respect to some of these materials, I have been previously informed by the FBI and Justice Department that they would consider their release a red line that must not be crossed as they may compromise sources and methods "This is evidently of no consequence to a President who cares about nothing about the country and everything about his narrow self-interest," Schiff added
Just go and investigate the donations to their re-election campaigns The 1,000 billion dollar budget of the military/security complex, amplified by the CIA’s front corporations and narcotics business, provides enormous sums with which to purchase the senators and representatives that the insouciant American voters think that they elect
Who was this victim? Why were people getting haircuts at the crime scene?
” “The Mother Wheel is a heavily armed spaceship the size of a city, which will rain destruction upon white America but save those who embrace the Nation of Islam
And who is the biggest pusher of Common Core besides leftist progressives? The Islamic Society of North America, a Muslim Brotherhood front group, along with the Hamas-tied Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR)
The Guardian has been vocal in the so-called “fake news” hysteria, decrying the influence of social media, the only place where leftwing dissidents have managed to find a small foothold to promote their politics and counter the corporate media narrative The Guardian has painted social media chiefly as a platform overrun by Russian trolls, arguing that this should justify ever-tighter restrictions that have so far curbed critical voices of the dissident left more than the right
So far, that has continued to be true This federal judge should know what the Constitution actually says and should have tossed this frivolous lawsuit in the trash where it belongs
The statement though is full of conspiracy theories and blames everyone else for Davis' behavior except him And now on to "civil rights hero" (TM) Rep
The scales have fallen from Fisher’s eyes and now, at last, she sees Bergoglio, however grudgingly, for what he is: a power-mad ecclesiastical tyrant (A tyrant, moreover, who has ascended to the papacy in a manner reminiscent of the ascension of the corrupt Benedict IX, another “disgrace to the Chair of Peter,” following the machinations of a Roman cabal, as I discuss below
[7] Bioethicists take it as read that in order for a life to have sufficient “quality” it must demonstrate sufficient autonomy Dependence upon the care of others is, quite literally, a capital offence
Indeed, why else did Archbishop Viganò risk everything in order to expose this Pope, even to the extent of revealing matters supposedly within the scope of “the Pontifical secret”? On orders of the Vatican Secretary of State, the Vatican secret police are reportedly scouring the globe in search of Viganò, who has gone into hiding, “in order to prevent more unpredictable damage to the image of Pope Francis and the Holy See on the world stage, but also to ‘prepare the terrain’ for the former apostolic nuncio-turned-whistleblower to be prosecuted” under canon law
Plans by a Texas organization to publish, starting Aug  1, downloadable blueprints for 3-D-printed plastic firearms — so-called ghost guns — have rightly alarmed leading gun safety groups and law enforcement officials
The non-Muslims are nothing but dirt Allah has created them to be partisans of Satan; most treacherous in regard to all they do; whose whole endeavor in this nether life is useless, though they themselves imagine that they are doing fine work
Finally, the shocking surge in immigrant displacement of American workers and in the immigrant workforce, which began in January and completely undid the improvement we had begun hopefully to call the “Trump Effect” has stalled May job numbers released Friday show native-born Americans big winners and immigrants (legal and illegal, the Labor Department doesn’t distinguish) big losers
 government not treason? Other Presidents have been incompetent, corrupt, dishonest, but which has committed treason on a scale to rival the treason of Barack Obama?
Sweden's murder rate is relatively low in international terms, but gang violence has surged in recent years and Swedes are worried that the police are unable to cope Of course they can't cope
Secret Gun Control Agenda Revealed: “three day waiting period for everybody,” “small steps” to ban assault rifles; “I don’t think he can say it [be]cause he’s trying to get the moderates” Florida is a “F***ed up,” “cracker state,” “you have to appeal to white guilt”
Until the Church and her bishops get back to reaffirming traditional Catholic teaching on human sexuality we can forget about seeing an end to the sexual abuse crisis and the massive problem of homosexuality in the clergy McCarrick will become the norm, not the exception, and confidence in the leadership and moral authority of the Catholic Church will remain in the toilet indefinitely
If they refuse we can suggest (Secretary of State John) Kerry will call, which will drive them nuts," an email from a US government official said After Treasury officials were examining whether the Iran deal's relevant sanctions permit currency exchange of rials to dollars, the report says a Treasury official wrote in an email, "Yikes
” Challenged about this tweet much more recently, she doubled down and attacked the man who called attention to the tweet: “Drawing attention to the apartheid Israeli regime is far from hating Jews You are a hateful sad man, I pray to Allah you get the help you need and find happiness
They're an industry: an economic industry and a political industry If you legalize them, you move closer to legalizing all illegals
A pretty big one if you ask me Gillum is not a lawful man as he does not support the right to keep and bear arms, but rather considers Americans as criminals who need to prove their innocence before obtaining a gun
The anger of the laity over the McCarrick situation is boiling over into the Twitter feed of the people we still call “the good bishops” Bishop Thomas Tobin of Providence RI, - nicknamed the “Good Tobin” in contrast to the “Bad Tobin” and FrancisCardinal, Joseph Tobin of Newark – got quite an earful when he tweeted the other day, “Despite the egregious offenses of a few, and despite the faults and sins we all have, I’m very proud of my brother bishops and I admire and applaud the great work they do everyday for Christ and His Church
Many people were tortured and were starved to death there […] “The Jews were banished, tortured, and annihilated because of their deeds
That, of course is not her role The only claim they have before a Federal court is if they got the due process that Congress gave those illegal aliens
And the label of “violent extremist” turns out to be used very generously Ganesh makes wild leaps and inferences
The truth is that the Guardian has not erred in this latest story attacking Assange, or in its much longer-running campaign to vilify him With this story, it has done what it regularly does when supposedly vital western foreign policy interests are at stake – it simply regurgitates an elite-serving, western narrative
Of course, this leads many to believe that Campos didn’t even exist, to begin with His mere existence appears to have been fabricated by the very authorities who are cramming lies down our throats about this massacre for the sake of political agendas
This because Trump retweeted three videos showing Muslims being violent Bryant, a former Foreign Office minister, supported this madness by pointing to…me
But if they turn away, then seize them and kill them wherever you find them and take not from among them any ally or helper (4:89) To “emigrate in the cause of Allah” is to leave one’s home and join up with the Muslims
” This student, who is known to me but whom I cannot name because she is a minor, has given students our address and is encouraging them to come to my home over this whole thing Another student told my daughter that she and the first student and her adult friends are going to kill me and carve a satanic star in my chest and rip out my organs
Lefebvre meets and speaks with the pope that perhaps the pope will change his mind ” Because [the pope] is not too sure; the pope is not man of true conviction
However, that young woman didn’t exist “This defendant executed his plan to perfection,” prosecutor Dennis Fitzpatrick said
The book is “The Meaning of THE HOLY QUR’AN,” a version of the Quran that was banned by the Los Angeles public school system, in February 2002, for containing numerous anti-Semitic commentaries In it, Jews are described as: “arrogant,” “jealous,” “selfish,” “spiteful,” “greedy,” “cursed,” “apes and swine,” and “under divine displeasure
Molester McCarrick: I hope I am Influential Roman: Talk him up
In his 2008 homily on the Feast of the Epiphany, Pope Benedict reminded us that the Father’s plan of salvation had been fully revealed and realized in the mystery of Christ’s death and resurrection, but it needs to be welcomed in human history, which is always a history of fidelity on God’s part and unfortunately also of infidelity on the part of us men The Church, the depositary of the blessing of the New Covenant, signed in the blood of the Lamb, is holy but made up of sinners, as Saint Ambrose wrote: the Church is “immaculata ex maculatis,” she is holy and spotless even though, in her earthly journey, she is made up of men stained with sin
(Catechism of the Catholic Church, 2357) Under no circumstances…except for those dreamed up by a number of bishops in this country who apparently think that it should be left up to individual parishes to decide if they are LGBTQ-friendly or not
Scandal-free administration, folks Not a single scandal to see here
Emails obtained by The Hill show that a civil attorney working with the former undercover witness described the pressure the Justice Department exerted to keep the client from disclosing to a federal court what he knew last summer “The government was taking a very harsh position that threatened both your reputation and liberty,” the civil lawyer wrote in one email
Many potential homeschooling parents are concerned about the failure of school administrators to effectively protect children from bullying by other students Of course, many parents choose homeschooling as a means of protecting their children from federal education “reforms” such as Common Core
There is no absolutes with these people They are people pleasers and nothing more
The American Jewish Historical Society was founded to study and preserve Jewish history These days it’s instead partnering with Jewish Voice for Peace: an anti-Israel BDS hate group that defends anti-Semitism and which sponsored talks by an anti-Semite who accused Jews of drinking blood
" That source pointed out that the license "did not authorize Iran to conduct commercial transactions denominated in US dollars
We are seeing the final slide, the expected and inevitable result of the last 100 years The Church was infiltrated, we know this, in the 19th century by some pretty dark forces, and they have finally come into the ascendancy and are showing themselves quite clearly for what they are
For this, we were banned When Prime Minister Theresa May, who was the head of the Home Office when she banned us and was thus directly responsible for the ban, threw us under the bus in order to satiate savages who threatened violence, did she really think she or anyone would be safe?
This is clearly a set-up (Christine Ford is also a far-left Democrat operative) designed to derail the nomination of a good man There is no low to which the Democrats will not sink to attain their nefarious goals of stopping the President from strengthening America and protecting Americans
When the American Jewish Historical Society hosts and co-sponsors an event by a BDS hate group attacking the existence of Israel and featuring a speaker who had defended terrorism and anti-Semitism, the choice becomes easy Either you stand with BDS, Hamas, blood libels and those who want to destroy Israel or with Jews
In a recent debate over the Helsinki Hulabaloo, Greenwald told the leftists at Democracy Now! that getting all worked up over Trump’s press conference with Putin was ridiculous
During it, Mr  Farrakhan said that the “powerful Jews” were his enemies, and that Jews were “responsible for all of this filth and degenerate behavior that Hollywood is putting out turning men into women and women into men,” as well as other incendiary remarks
Exactly! This is political theater over a man who is not an originalist and not a strict Constitutionalist
No, you cannot say that It is possible, but we do not know
She has none Stacey Abrams is a sore loser just like Hillary Clinton and this little temper tantrum she put on display will probably sink any chances she may have had in the future to run again
Its pages, however, are readily available to the latest effort to prop up the status quo from Tony Blair, the man who led Britain, on false pretences, into the largest crime against humanity in living memory – the attack on Iraq That “humanitarian intervention” cost the lives of many hundreds of thousands of Iraqis and created a vacuum that destabilised much of the Middle East, sucked in Islamic jihadists like al-Qaeda and ISIS, and contributed to the migrant crisis in Europe that has fuelled the resurgence of the far-right
“In fact there are two members of Congress, Republican and Democrat, right now, who serve — who have…engaged in sexual harassment ” Speier said one of the harassers has propositioned women with the comment, “Are you going to be a good girl?” Another has exposed his genitals, she said, and some victims have had “their private parts grabbed on the House floor
” This may seem an innocent mistake on the imam’s part, but his actions against the gay community and sinister views are anything but
Authorities are also investigating whether or not Kazi was suffering from any mental health issues Here again, this is just more of the general refusal to acknowledge the 800-pound gorilla sitting in the living room and screaming “Allahu akbar
Whoa!’ First of all, calligraphy was invented in China 3,000 years prior to Muhammad The fact that they were trying to get my daughter to write that disturbed me
S  officials and reporting them as proven fact — and nothing exemplifies this penchant better than reporting on the Gulf of Tonkin incident — perhaps one of most flagrant lies ever dreamed up as a justification for war
The facts refute their arguments, but beyond that, the Second Amendment recognizes the right to keep and bear arms is a right given to us by our Creator, not a permission we gain from government So, while they tell you they support the Second Amendment and that their unlawful policies are consistent with it, nothing could be further from the truth
Democratic Illinois Rep  Danny Davis defended Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan as an “outstanding human being” on Monday
A year ago an important Moon of Alabama piece - From Snowden To Russia-gate - The CIA And The Media - mentioned Harding: The people who promote the "Russian influence" nonsense are political operatives or hacks
But that would not be the first time that defense of the Church’s common good has done so, as the Great Western Schism demonstrates And are we not in the midst of schisms already, provoked by none other than Bergoglio himself, whose insane drive to shatter the Church’s bimillennial discipline has produced the totally unprecedented situation in which what is still considered mortally sinful in one diocese is an imperative of “mercy” in another?
The report has helped renew a crisis many in the church thought and hoped had ended nearly 20 years ago after the scandal erupted in Boston But recent abuse-related scandals, from Chile to Australia, have reopened wounding questions about accountability and whether church officials are still covering up crimes at the highest levels
His account was suspended for violating Twitter’s rules relating to “hateful conduct ” It is "hateful conduct", apparently, to reference what Islamic texts themselves say
But Moon’s pleas have been largely ignored by Trump Most South Koreans shrug off the North’s threats and seek to avoid war at all costs
” Ms  Broaddrick has also lashed out at Sen
I’m sure President Trump is deeply disappointed in not being able to enter Tower Hamlets But this ridiculous exercise in virtue-signaling, even though it has not (yet) been taken up by the Home Office, only highlights Britain’s hypocrisy and double standards regarding who can enter the country and who cannot
Given his long experience witnessing the church’s inertia on the issue, Saviano said, he has set his expectations at rock bottom “That’s kind of my attitude now: If I don’t expect the Catholic Church to do anything, then I won’t be too disappointed when they don’t do anything,” he continued
But we are in the age of, "My truth" And my truth has a different belief about Australia than yours does because of my degree of oppression
The Trump administration is taking real actions designed to weaken Russia and force Putin to change his aggressive behavior The Trump administration has levied tough sanctions on Russia
Disgraceful!’ Trump To Jeff Sessions: Put An End to Russia Probe - Prosecutors Doing Mueller’s ‘Dirty Work Are A Disgrace’ To America
The action Monday keeps in place a July 31 court decision blocking the Trump administration pending a decision on the merits of a lawsuit by states opposed to the blueprints being published “The Court finds that the irreparable burdens on the private defendants’ First Amendment rights are dwarfed by the irreparable harms the States are likely to suffer if the existing restrictions are withdrawn and that, overall, the public interest strongly supports maintaining the status quo through the pendency of this litigation,” Lasnik wrote in his decision
These were allowed to remain as restraints on men who, now raised to a new supernatural existence, were capable of committing incalculably more grievous sins than heretofore As for the death penalty, it remains the inescapable consequence of our fallen nature and is of the highest utility in deterring us from following our hereditary inclination to evil
What is shameful about this is that her views are mainstream in the Democrat Party today She should never have been chosen as a candidate for Congress with hateful views of this kind, but this is the way the Democrat leadership, and the Democrat base, thinks
Absolutely not! Are Christians to submit to those who have redefined marriage where a man can now "marry" a man and a woman can now "marry" a woman (Leviticus 18:22; Romans 1:24 etc…)?
It is not a minister of God for evil Civil magistrates have a divine duty to “execute wrath upon him that doeth evil
This argument is absurd on its face The whole point is to prevent Iran from becoming the next North Korea, not to kick the can down the road as usual
Make Senators go on the record with their votes, and hold them to account in November Put to the test the Dems’ claims that a critical mass of women, many of them with sons they don’t want falsely accused, believes the fundamentalist feminist narrative and will vote accordingly
C , February 12, 2018 (LifeSiteNews) – Those familiar with Jorge Bergoglio in Argentina before he became Pope Francis say it is a “classic” move of his to provide “mercy” to clergy who are sexual predators while asking everybody else to simply “move on,” said attorney and child advocate Elizabeth Yore on an EWTN show last week
” That last statement comes amid nearly constant complaints from Trump that Justice Department and FBI investigators are being unfair to the president and his allies
Again, if you liked Obama-era, world-on-fire, Russians everywhere State Department shenanigans, this is your guy Pompeo also isn’t a huge fan of calling the federal government out when it is clearly violating the rights of Americans, as shown by his statements last year regarding WikiLeaks
The point is that there were no righteous to be spared and the Lord did what man failed to do when they had the time to do it Question: How do you show mercy to a people who observe lying vanities (Jonah 2:4) and refuse to return to the Lord (Jeremiah 6:16) on His terms?
“Wait,” I said “You are the Pope’s representative in the US, and you are urging me to read a book that questions what the secretary of state wrote?” Sambi replied, “All I am saying is that there are interesting things worth reading in this book
“It will target, first, the health staff, the contacts of the sick and the contacts of the contacts ” The World Health Organization has been warning about the “Ebola situation” in Congo, and it appears their only solution is an experimental vaccine
Sound familiar? Mass repression and police powers that don't actually address the cause of the problem
This was a critical point because for the past two years, US discourse on Iran has focused solely on whether or not Iran was complying with Obama’s nuclear pact By placing the nuclear deal in the context of Iran’s consistent, overarching hostility and aggression, Trump made it self-evident that no US interest is served in continuing to give Iran a free pass from congressional sanctions
” That it figured so prominently in Christian societies is due to the fact that, in the order of charity, atonement to God was sought above any atonement due to man, and the spiritual welfare of citizens above their physical well-being Modern secularized society assumes that physical extinction is the worst thing that can happen to a human being, whereas the faith teaches that eternal damnation is incalculably worse
“You didn’t give a damn back then You, Dicky Durban [sic], are a complete FRAUD
With What the Qur’an Meant: And Why It Matters, religion author Garry Wills is here to reassure us: What did the scripture of Islam tell me about the duty to kill infidels?
Anything a Republican president does is exactly like the Holocaust A former CIA director compared US immigration policy to Nazi Germany in an ominous Tweet
Would Ted Cruz and police officers be following this same narrative if the roles were reversed? If it was Botham Jean, a black man, walking into the apartment of Amber Guyger, a white female cop, and killing her—would police and Ted Cruz simply write it off as a tragic accident?
Despite cops rallying behind the blue line to defend this killer cop, the rest of the country is not buying it In a damning tweet, writer Kashana Cauley summed up the nature of the smear campaign quite succinctly
” The authors of the letter even lie about the nature of the broad-based request, claiming Trump is selectively declassifying information to save himself
Texas teen says he had drink thrown at him at Whataburger because he was wearing pro-Trump hat A Texas teenager who supports President Trump says he was assaulted by a drink-throwing stranger at a Whataburger restaurant -- all because he was wearing a “Make America Great Again” hat
” The Times added:The Lubbock-based organization has been swamped with inquiries for months from parents seeking safer options for their kids in the aftermath of this year’s deadly school massacres, first in Parkland and then in Santa Fe, Texas
An ex-Secret Service agent is claiming that former Vice President Joe Biden engaged in “Weinstein-level” sexual assault and that he would walk around the VP residence late at night completely naked According to Big League Politics’ Cassandra Fairbanks, a Secret Service agent who spoke on condition of anonymity revealed that Biden “would mess with every single woman or teen,” and that a Christmas get-together at the VP’s house had to be canceled “because Biden would grope all of our wives and girlfriend’s asses
” Meanwhile, Trump continued pounding Sessions in other tweets, saying he needed to investigate “deleted Emails, Comey lies & leaks, Mueller conflicts, McCabe, Strzok, Page, Ohr…the Clinton Foundation, illegal surveillance of Trump Campaign, Russian collusion by Dems — and so much more
Except whenever he pleases, as we have seen again and again with the conservative bishops and even Cardinals (Burke and Müller) he has sacked because their conservatism offended him or one of his friends, prompting even Crux to ask: “Does Pope Francis have an enemies list?” Then again, Francis even obtained the removal of his own “trusted counselor” McCarrick from the College of Cardinals, albeit only when forced to act due to worldwide condemnation in the media So, according to Faggioli, the same Pope who sacks conservative bishops and cardinals according to his pleasure and has just removed a cardinal from the College of Cardinals in an unprecedented disciplinary act under fire from the media, is somehow powerless to dismiss Modernist bishops who have created an obscene “gay culture” in the Church and replace them with orthodox, normal heterosexual males
Once certain announcements are published in parish bulletins, laity will have to consider whether they can, in conscience, continue to assist at Masses where systematic sacrilege has been formally adopted as the rule The few bishops with sufficient spine to stand up to the pressure of both Rome and their own national conferences – newly empowered with directives to make doctrinal declarations – will be ruling embattled islands of Catholicism in a poisoned sea of systematic heresy and desecration
Their failure to defend the Faith by standing up to the one they know full well is attacking it almost daily lends itself ever more to an indictment for timidity in the face of unprecedented danger to the Church and the cause of the Gospel of which they are divinely charged to be leaders The time for “prudence” is long past
Its presence in Syria could now be permanent And only one force in the region has the power to reverse the present outcome of Syria's civil war--the United States
 Constitution as Seditious Once the truth is accepted that jihadis are inspired and sanctioned by their Islamic texts, it must logically become required that mosques, Islamic schools and groups have to immediately curtail any teaching that motivates sedition, violence, and hatred of unbelievers (i
Like Luke Harding, Higgins invariably seems ready to echo whatever the British and American security services need verifying “independently” Higgins and his well-staffed website Bellingcat have taken on for themselves the role of arbiters of truth on many foreign affairs issues, taking a prominent role in advocating for narratives that promote US and NATO hegemony while demonising Russia, especially in highly contested arenas such as Syria
Instead, through a combination of rhetorical tricks and soft-peddled Hegelianism, he would completely redefine the role and nature of the Catholic Church During the crux of the debate — the discussion of communion for the divorced and remarried — Faggioli raised his most theologically unsettling point
And that’s why GOA is putting the 2018 Congressional Voter Scorecard into your hands There is a lot that’s riding on the line
Sixteen years later, the homosexual predator McCarrick has finally been exposed to the world, stripped of his cardinal’s hat and deprived of any ministry, but only after international media coverage of the Vatican’s semi-secret finding that McCarrick had raped a teenage altar boy 47 years ago If not for that one case, McCarrick’s sixty years of homosexual debauchery might well have gone unpunished in this world and he would have died still possessed of all the phony honors that had been heaped upon him throughout his career as a parasite in the Body of Christ, including the favor shown to him by Bergoglio
 officials have made it clear that, as soon as they get their hands on him, they will manufacture a reason to put him on trial and put him in prison All for spreading unwelcome truth around
Rather, what I am saying is that this hypothetical imperfect council could determine that it has been proven and act accordingly, and that the Church would judge any resulting deposition of Bergoglio in the same manner it judges the deposition of Benedict IX Another ground for deposition—as determined by the imperfect council, not any of us—would be that Bergoglio has deposed himself by promulgating heresy, fracturing the Church’s universal discipline respecting marriage and the Eucharist, and undermining the teaching of even his own immediate predecessors on matters of fundamental morality upheld by the Magisterium for two millennia
In a series of tweets WikiLeaks said Assange and Manafort had not met Assange described the story as a hoax
[6] “justice and beneficence” are considered on behalf of the community, not the patient [7] Bioethicists take it as read that in order for a life to have sufficient “quality” it must demonstrate sufficient autonomy
“All of a sudden, the hearings are over, and the rumors start coming out,” Trump said “And then you this other con artist, Avenatti, come out with another beauty today
That's what the "resistance" has always been about The Mueller Circus is Over, Long Live the Mueller Circus
Dallas, TX — As citizens call for justice in the case of Dallas police officer Amber Guyger — the cop who killed the innocent Botham Jean in his own home — the controversy continues to grow In a town hall meeting this week, citizens showed that they still have a lot of questions for the Dallas Police Department in regards to the cold-blooded killing of Botham Jean
The CIA’s cunning cover-up in the JFK assassination worked brilliantly Thanks to President Trump and the CIA’s decision to continue keeping 98 percent of the CIA’s decades-long secret records secret from the American people, the CIA’s cunning cover-up of the JFK assassination continues to work brilliantly today
EDL leader Tommy Robinson, meanwhile, criticised the decision and said Ms Geller and Mr Spencer were coming to the UK to lay flowers at the place where Drummer Rigby died "It's embarrassing for this so-called land of democracy and freedom of speech," he said
That the mere sight of a law-abiding citizen openly carrying a sidearm would make someone “afraid” is not sufficient reason to deny the citizen his constitutional right to keep and “bear” arms This “I’m offended” or “his gun scares me” complaint is nothing but cover for little Nazis to try and deny another person their Natural, God-given liberty
“Well that was Eric Holder…” Adding, rather extraordinarily,
) In his National Lawyers Guild speech Ellison spoke favorably of cop killers Mumia Abu-Jamal and “Assata Shakur” (Joanne Chesimard), who was wanted for the murder of New Jersey state trooper Werner Foerster in 1973
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use “Islamophobia” is a thought crushing device designed to silence any and critics and criticism of Islam
Even more troubling, she “had run a secret prison in Thailand” — part of the CIA’s network of “black sites” — “where two detainees were subjected to waterboarding and other harsh techniques ” The Senate Intelligence Committee’s report on torture also detailed the central role she played in the particularly gruesome torture of detainee Abu Zubaydah
The new allegations came yesterday amid reports that Senate Judiciary Committee chairman Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) tentatively scheduled a hearing for this Thursday to take testimony from Christine Blasey Ford, 51, who claims Kavanaugh, 53, sexually assaulted her decades ago when he was a high school student Suspiciously, Ford can’t –or won’t— say when or where the alleged incident happened and can provide few details
57 (as of 09:00 EDT - Details) Is this what Bolton has in mind for North Korea?
I described this recently as “Vichy journalism,” a term which now fits so much of the mainstream media It collaborates in the same way that the Vichy government in France collaborated with the Nazis
Furthermore, this nightmare of a “sinod" is inviting youth from ages 16-29 to mingle with the Bishops to discuss the Church, faith and vocations Are you thoroughly disgusted by this farce?
The Democrats are committing voter fraud on a massive scale, and not only in Florida, but in Arizona, Georgia, California and elsewhere In Arizona, it is already over, and a pro-jihad Marxist Democrat who lost the election will be going to the Senate
I hope you learned that lesson,” he said “You have no control over [Gilani], do you?
Previously only voluntary and consultative, federations will now have the power to supervise and guide the formation of candidates, nuns and of their formators, as well as possess broad powers over temporal goods of individual monasteries and powers of suppression The document makes it inarguable that the federation’s main role will be to establish and monitor for conformity to a particular programme – the “intense and fruitful path” of the Church since 1965 – both within the various orders and between them:
As many as 50 aid workers are believed to have been among the 1,200 people infected with the more dangerous airborne pneumonic strain of the disease Officials Warn: Airborne Black Death Epidemic Could ‘Explode’
Of course, RINO Senator Jeff Flake (R-AZ) wanted to side with Senate Democrats in pushing for a FBI investigation into unsubstantiated allegations against Kavanaugh Outgoing Flake, and good riddance, said that he sided with his colleagues in having a "limited time and scope" investigation by the FBI into the allegations against Kavanaugh
Nd anyway, they almost never report the immigration dimension However, it is now absolutely clear that immigration, and immigrant displacement of American workers, cannot be jawboned away
I document this abundantly in my new book The History of Jihad From Muhammad to ISIS  To take one of innumerable examples, Sharaf ad-Din Ali Yazdi, a fifteenth-century Persian who wrote a biography of the Mongol Muslim warrior Tamerlane, observed that “the Qur’an says the highest dignity man can attain is that of making war in person against the enemies of his religion
Here's the thing, while this is making major news, you should be reminded that for decades, at least 22 verified Islamic jihadi camps have existed on American soil under the watchful, or maybe not so watchful, eye of the FBI, including one in the very country I reside in within eyeshot of a nuclear power plant Political correctness needs to be thrown out the window when dealing with those who take the Quran's teachings seriously and actually are devout, not radical, followers of Muhammad
” The election is over and hardworking Georgians are ready to move forward
As a result, 58,177 Americans would lose their lives Additionally, over one million North and South Vietnamese, including 627,000 civilians would be slaughtered
Banning semi-automatic weapons doesn't stop crime either, as we've pointed out before, and the statistics are available for anyone to see that gun violence didn't go down one bit during the decade of the Clinton/Feinstein assault weapons ban These geniuses also "Support Enactment of Comprehensive Background Checks, Ban the Sale of Bump Stocks and Related Devices and Prevent the Arming of Teachers in Schools
 war in a region where all the previous wars in this century have left us bleeding, bankrupt, divided and disillusioned? When he was running , Donald Trump seemed to understand this
Not surprisingly, the CIA’s Mexico City operations regarding Oswald are among the 98 percent of the records that Trump and the CIA have chosen to continue keeping secret from the American people, on grounds of “national security” of course Thus, when Oswald was claiming that he was being framed, there could be only one entity that he could have been thinking about: the CIA, the agency whose officials, as former Washington Post investigative reporter Jefferson Morley has documented, were secretly monitoring his activities in the weeks leading up to the assassination, no doubt to ensure that Oswald had not figured out what was about to happen to him
President Trump has bombed the Assad forces in Syria, a client state of Putin, something that Obama refused to do because he didn’t want to provoke Putin Trump has expelled more Russian diplomats and sanctioned more Russian oligarchs than [Obama] has
This is why they should be honest about who they are and name themselves the Non-American Medical Association I'm all for situations like Nikolas Cruz who assaulted teachers and students being arrested and tried and dealt with lawfully, but to go seizing people's property and denying them their liberty base on the hearsay of another person is anti-constitutional and anti-American
To take one of innumerable examples, Sharaf ad-Din Ali Yazdi, a fifteenth-century Persian who wrote a biography of the Mongol Muslim warrior Tamerlane, observed that “the Qur’an says the highest dignity man can attain is that of making war in person against the enemies of his religion Muhammad advises the same thing, according to the tradition of the Muslim doctors: wherefore the great Temur always strove to exterminate the infidels, as much to acquire that glory, as to signalise himself by the greatness of his conquests
Haig does not blame himself, but within weeks of the massacre, he still decided to shut down his business "I'm still racking my brain for what did I miss
The Twitter suspension caught me by surprise I can only speculate that these suspensions were a coordinated effort to stifle our message ahead of the coming elections
What, like the CIA was using typewriters instead of computers and pay telephones instead of cell phones? What is amazing (or not) is the extreme nonchalance of the mainstream media to the CIA’s request for continued secrecy
Should the disease actually spread to the African mainland, it will be all but impossible to control and the health care system would certainly be unable to handle the outbreak at that point, making a global pandemic much more likely Madagascar Outbreak: It Is ‘Inevitable’ The Plague Becomes Resistant To Drugs
Anti-jihadist activist Pamela Geller praised Orban for his honesty and wrote, "At last, a politician who speaks the truth about the Muslim invasion of Europe And while Orban is right that these are 'economic migrants,' they are also 'Muslim invaders
Booker also is using the report drop to raise money for his campaign “This report should be made public immediately,” he tweeted
While I emphatically disagree with this argument, I have to hand it to Faggioli: From the outset, he made clear that he was not planning to debate Douthat on the implications of the Francis papacy Instead, through a combination of rhetorical tricks and soft-peddled Hegelianism, he would completely redefine the role and nature of the Catholic Church
Police stated on Sunday that they are still looking for Abdul-Ghani 11 Children Have Been Rescued From a Muslim Extremist-Run Compound In NM
"Today, we had a historic meeting and decided to leave the past behind," Kim said through a translator "The world will see a major change
” Strangely, Ford has a bad long-term memory and a bad short-term memory
They were taking too long," said Tanya Badger, who with her husband, Jason, told authorities about the boy's suspected presence at the compound "Even if they were trying to build a case or whatnot, a child's life is at stake
Look how they doctored the video to not show what clearly took place and then lied about it, and I suppose Fox falls right in line with that behavior So, Fox joins with the least trusted name in news, the Clown News Network, to go after the White House on something that is the White House's prerogative and claim it's about free press
Humanity’s WIPEOUT Foreshadowed? World Health Chief: Global Pandemic Imminent
That wasn’t entirely a Trump mistake His decision during the campaign to release a list of potential justices drafted by Leo reflected the reality-TV star’s weakness as a presidential candidate
Are these really the values the US should be promoting? The CIA might as well start issuing uniforms decorated with skulls and lightning bolts
” From the very start of his trial, Khweis said he regretted his actions and said his decision to join ISIS in December 2015 was a drunken one
They were haughty and did detestable things before me " The Hebrew word translated "detestable" refers to something that is morally disgusting and is the exact same word used in Leviticus 18:22 that refers to homosexuality as an "abomination
” That is, the normal process was circumvented for these appointments Remnant readers may recall that I spotted Cupich back in 2002, when he was the obscure Bishop of Rapid City, South Dakota, as an example of what was coming in the Novus Ordo: accelerated degeneration
More than anything else, we as a Church must cease our acceptance of sin and evil We must cast out sin from our own lives and run toward holiness
 Bob Corker is another summertime soldier calling on colleagues to stand and fight Trump while he retires to Tennessee It's no wonder the establishment is viewed with such derision
” May these difficult days be days of great grace for this local Church REMNANT COMMENT: While we certainly appreciate His Excellency's candid explanation of what he knew and did not know about this horrific scandal in the Church, we would also humbly beg him to take it one step further by publicly proclaiming his profession of belief in the Church's official teaching against the mortal sin of homosexual acts and the so-called "gay lifestyle," which includes her long-held teaching that homosexual activity between clerics is an ecclesiastical crime
Morten was charged with harboring a fugitive However, the Badgers said that police did not do a thorough job searching the property
Yet even an amended, improved deal will still serve as a shield to Iran’s nuclear program An improved deal won’t destroy Iran’s centrifuges
In fact, he believes Barack Obama got Russian help too While he was being confirmed as CIA chief, the former lawmaker lashed out at Russia for reasserting ” itself aggressively, invading and occupying Ukraine, threatening Europe, and doing nearly nothing to aid in the destruction and defeat of ISIS
Not on the unaware American people Trump has only the “deplorables,” and they are unorganized and will experience retribution once Trump is removed
[6] Not that anyone in Rome was trying very hard Sandro Magister reported after the “Who am I to judge” comment, “Before the appointment, Francis had been shown, as is customary, the personal file on Ricca, in which he had not found anything unseemly
Thank you Prime Minister Orban for saying what needed to be said! Hungarian Prime Minister Hits Nail On The Head: Refugees Are Actually "Muslim Invaders"
It had to do with Oswald’s trip to Mexico City, where he visited the Cuban and Soviet embassies Something dreadful obviously went wrong with that part of the operation because the official investigation into it was quickly shut down during the early post-assassination period
The fix is in They stole Arizona
The bubonic plague outbreak that is taking Madagascar to its knees will more than likely last another six months But the worst news is that the epidemic could explode anytime unleashing the sickness on the globe
They want to prosecute Assange and maybe hang him from the rafters in Congress, but what about Judith Miller and The New York Times lying the West into war? There is no end of horrific examples of what passes for journalism, in contrast to the amazing contribution that Julian Assange has made
“Should you refuse to follow these rules in the future, we will take action in accordance with the rules,” wrote Sanders and Shine Acosta’s pass was yanked following an incident at President Donald Trump’s November 7 press conference, where the CNN correspondent argued with Trump instead of asking questions (not for the first time) and physically prevented a White House intern from taking the microphone away from him
But again, it’s not just the shootings, which admittedly have increased in the past couple of years Christopher Chin, head of Homeschool Louisiana, told The Times that parents are fed up with “the violence, the bullying, the unsafe environments
LAS VEGAS (INTELLIHUB) — The Coroner finally released the autopsy for the 58 victims but not for the alleged shooter Stephen Paddock after a judge ruled that the coroner release all the documents and pay $32,000 in legal fees Not only did the coroner drag his feet and release the autopsy reports late Wednesday, but all of the names were redacted in the reports, with no mention of ballistic data, bullet caliber, or trajectories
[Judge Orders Potential Release Of Hundreds Of Illegals From Iraq, by Stephen Dinan, Washington Times, January 3, 2018] He is ordering the release of hundreds of Iraqi illegal aliens and criminal aliens, all because he wants them to have another bite at the apple--they, like the Indonesians, lost claims to political asylum years ago
Unfortunately, health care workers are at the greatest risk as they try to cull the suffering: which is why they will be the first to get the experimental vaccine For their sake, let’s hope it works better than this year’s flu vaccine
Many of the other arrested illegals had criminal convictions from Mexico and Guatemala throughout Northern California The arrests came despite a press release tweeted by Libby Schaaf, the Democratic mayor of Oakland, which noted that “multiple credible sources” told her ICE would be conducting the raids in the Bay Area
“Anonymous letters with no name and no return address are now being treated as national news ” Taking a shot at Stormy Daniels attorney Michael Avenatti, Hatch said “porn star lawyers with facially implausible claims are driving the news cycle
And now we have the DNC suing WikiLeaks! There’s a kind of farcical element to this
It has been said many times that the sex abuse crisis has created a massive loss of trust in prelates among the Catholic faithful, and this is true With a professional confidence trickster on the papal throne, blatantly using lies and manipulation to maintain power and ram through an agenda at radical variance with Catholic doctrine, how long before that predictable disintegration occurs?
The signers, however, are not dissuaded in their pursuit of a paternal answer: You do not like to beat around the bush, and neither do we, so allow us to say frankly that we do not understand your teaching about Islam, as we read in paragraphs 252 and 253 of Evangelii Gaudium, because it does not account for the fact that Islam came AFTER Christ, and so is, and can only be, an Antichrist (see 1 Jn 2
While the current Iranian regime is certainly no bastion of freedom, the idea that US intervention or a violent revolution would be beneficial for the people of Iran is outright insane To see what US intervention—through military support and the support of ‘protesters’—does to countries, one need only look at Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, and Libya to see the horrific death tolls and war-ravaged dystopias left in America’s wake
According to the Tagespost report, Cardinal Müller said in his address that he regrets the separation of the Church's doctrinal and moral teaching and called Christianity a “theocentric humanism ” He said the “submissive change of the Church into a NGO for the embetterment of the this-worldly life conditions” is a “suicidal modernization” that denies mankind the Truth of God
As for the new things which we can find in this message today, there is also the fact that attacks on the Pope and the Church come not only from without, but the sufferings of the Church come precisely from within the Church, from the sin existing within the Church This too is something that we have always known, but today we are seeing it in a really terrifying way: that the greatest persecution of the Church comes not from her enemies without, but arises from sin within the Church, and that the Church thus has a deep need to relearn penance, to accept purification, to learn forgiveness on the one hand, but also the need for justice
This is the death spiral And it is precisely this “intense and fruitful path” taken by nearly all the Catholic world’s monastics since 1965 that Cor orans is attempting to force on the very, very few holdouts
In July 2010, the ADL condemned Zakkout and his group AMANA for featuring an anti-Jewish video produced by former KKK leader and white supremacist David Duke on the AMANA website The ADL described the video as “venomous
It was WikiLeaks that got Snowden out of Hong Kong and to safety Professionally, I find this one of the most unsavory and immoral things I have seen in my career
Whether in the Church or in the academy, we must resist this dangerous historicist impulse If we don’t, we will find ourselves, in the words of Pope Benedict, in “a dictatorship of relativism that does not recognize anything as definitive and whose ultimate goal consists solely of one’s own ego and desires
Once the bacteria is resistant, the Madagascar healthcare system will be overwhelmed, and the disease will have control of the nation As Slavo noted, should the disease spread to the African mainland, one can assume that it will be all but impossible to control, thus increasing the likelihood of global pandemic
 Ford may be overestimating the integrity of the "supportive" lawmakers and lawyers currently handling her Watch all these sensitive lawmakers and high profile, activist attorneys scatter like mice from her once the Senate vote is over (regardless of the result)
Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller Pamela Geller's commitment to freedom from jihad and Shariah shines forth in her books
He talks of Darren Osborne, the perpetrator of the vehicular attack on Finsbury Park Mosque This was a heinous crime, and should rightly be condemned
This is the death spiral And it is precisely this “intense and fruitful path” taken by nearly all the Catholic world’s monastics since 1965 that Cor orans is attempting to force on the very, very few holdouts
But there has to be a reason why the CIA chose to keep this particular batch of records secret for more than 50 years Those long-secret records undoubtedly include small bits of important circumstantial evidence that fill out even further the mosaic of a regime-change operation that took place in Dallas in November 1963, the same types of regime-change operation that took place in Iran in 1953, Guatemala in 1954, Cuba in 1960-1963, Congo in 1961, and Chile in 1973, all of which the CIA steadfastly kept secret from the American people
When the American Jewish Historical Society hosts and co-sponsors an event by a BDS hate group attacking the existence of Israel and featuring a speaker who had defended terrorism and anti-Semitism, the choice becomes easy Either you stand with BDS, Hamas, blood libels and those who want to destroy Israel or with Jews
[6] “justice and beneficence” are considered on behalf of the community, not the patient [7] Bioethicists take it as read that in order for a life to have sufficient “quality” it must demonstrate sufficient autonomy
The Oakland mayor’s decision to publicize her suspicions about ICE operations further increased that risk for my officers and alerted criminal aliens — making clear that this reckless decision was based on her political agenda Unlike the politicians who attempt to undermine ICE’s critical mission, our officers will continue to fulfill their sworn duty to protect public safety
At this point, continued pleading for a Bergoglian “clarification” can only give rise to an impression of disingenuousness, whereas continued silence about the papal origin of this ongoing catastrophe is a standing rebuke to all the hierarchs who know what we all know: that at the epicenter of the chaos is the most wayward Pope the Church has ever had to endure Continued inaction while the laity and a few good priests are left to themselves to defend, as best they can, the constant teaching of the Church against the abuses of a tyrant on the Chair of Peter threatens the hierarchs with a legacy of shame and a terrible accountability before the Just Judge
They had to figure out a way to shut down the investigation so that the frame-up would remain intact That’s why they had shots fired from the front and placed Oswald in the rear
In a town hall meeting this week, citizens showed that they still have a lot of questions for the Dallas Police Department in regards to the cold-blooded killing of Botham Jean On top of questions as to why it took several days to arrest the cop — despite the fact that Guyger admitted to it — were questions like why this person who has proven to be a threat to society has yet to be fired from the police force
A manager at the complex declined to indicate exactly when Guyger moved out and if she left the premises voluntarily, the Dallas Morning News reports While residents can certainly sleep better knowing that they don’t have to fear a killer cop walking into their apartment and murdering them, the family of Botham Jean likely sees this as one more instance of injustice
Revoking Mr  Acosta’s White House badge was the most severe step yet, and it soon became apparent that the move would not pass legal muster: After suing last week, Mr
” I wonder how far a white congressman would get saying, "I attended the Klavern, but I don't agree with the KKK's views about black people
“Our presidency has taken a stand: we cannot give in to extortion For us, Hungary is first
 Trump’s withdrawal from the nuclear deal “Companies doing business in Iran face substantial risks, and those risks are even greater as we reimpose nuclear-related sanctions,” said Sigal Mandelker, Treasury Department undersecretary for terrorism and financial intelligence
Sign up for more newsletters here O’Malley, the archbishop of Boston, said in the statement that the pope had “given much prayerful consideration” to the membership of the panel
Do you believe in the Quran? Are we gonna sit and have the Quran be ridiculed?” He then cited the Christian and Jewish Bible, barking loudly, “The Bible says that if a man sleeps with a man, he should be killed!”
SPECIAL REPORT: Papal Cover-up Alleged, Pope Accused in International Sex Abuse Case Hey, remember five minutes ago when Pope Francis shouted at a reporter in Chile that there was “no evidence” supporting complaints against his good friend Bishop Juan Barros?
He has already won the primary to be Minnesota's AG Will the people not demand justice and vote a Communist-backed, Muslim, accused woman abuser into the office of prosecuting criminals?
They will be crucified in the media, yes But they will also be doing their sacred duty before God in reassuring their thoroughly scandalized flocks that they are absolutely committed to the defense and enforcement of the Church’s moral teaching at a time when it is under scurrilous attack from within
Mr  Portman said in a statement Tuesday night that “the Obama administration misled the American people and Congress because they were desperate to get a deal with Iran
the nature of man himself is more clearly revealed and new roads to truth are opened,” and the world now has “a keener awareness of human dignity” ( 44, 73) Far from obliterating the death penalty, however, the Incarnation only laid bare its deepest significance, hidden from the beginning
Thank you! For decades, Americans have known that very sick things happen behind the scenes in Washington D
That clarification has now been given: Francis intends, if it were possible, to change the unchangeable teaching of the Church regarding an irrevocable moral norm rooted in divine law Even if the attempt is void and of no effect before man and God—an immoral law is no law at all—Francis clearly means to impose his will by fiat, daring invoke the “authentic Magisterium” to cloak his absurd novelties
The Hammond Pardons Bring Justice to Obama's Victims The media very deliberately misreported the Bundy standoff, ridiculing the men involved and shrugging at the murder of LaVoy Finicum
Over the past few weeks, the active-duty servicemen deployed under Operation Faithful Patriot have mainly been erecting barbed-wire fences along the border in Texas, California and Arizona, as well as building shelter accommodation for customs and border protection staff To ensure the success of the military operation, in addition to sheer troop numbers, the US forces have drones, helicopters with night-vision capabilities, and fixed-wing aircraft at their disposal
 Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 30, 2017 I’m not sure we’re doing just fine, but Trump is right that the real problem is jihad terror and Sharia supremacism, and British authorities want to ignore that and shoot the messenger
, issue a statement of fidelity to the Church’s moral theology, specifically her teaching against the mortal sin of homosexual acts In so doing, the bishops will incur the wrath of the enemies of the Church, yes
— Juanita Broaddrick (@atensnut) September 21, 2018 Yet now the Democrats, including Feinstein, want to demand Christine Blasey Ford have her day in court, figuratively speaking, for her flimsy and meritless accusations against Kavanaugh?
And we have a strategic interest in not losing Turkey as an ally But this calls for active diplomacy, not military action
Would they remember any details at all? If someone saw Kavanaugh stumbling drunk at the party, that would obviously bolster Ford’s account
Face masks are placed on children in Antananarivo, Madagascar (AP Photo/Alexander JOE) An expert is warning the plague that has sickened over 2000 people in Madagascar since August is impossible to eradicate
“That’s just one segment of what goes on in our world The world is so much bigger than Farrakhan and the Jewish question and his position on that and so forth
Schaaf said she issued the alert after receiving confidential tips from “credible sources,” and conferring with attorneys to make sure she wasn’t opening herself up to federal prosecution The mayor’s move endangered ICE officers and alerted their targets, Homan asserted, “making clear that this reckless decision was based on her political agenda
I didn't think it could get any worse than that This is a national disgrace, the way you're being treated
, the Soviets) and Cubans and entering into peaceful coexistence with the communist world In other words, unlike Lee Harvey Oswald, who had absolutely no motive to kill President Kennedy, the national security establishment did have motive, a powerful motive, the same motive that motivated the CIA and Pentagon to target other political leaders for regime change or assassination around that time, such as Mohamad Mossadegh, Jacobo Arbenz, Patrice Lumumba (who Kennedy admired), Fidel Castro, and Salvador Allende
The remains were discovered in a wretched compound along with 11 starving children, authorities said More details about the horrid compound could be revealed Wednesday when the five adults arrested from the site make their first court appearances
Rep  King asked Horowitz about his first encounter with the switch of “extremely careless” for ‘gross negligence,” which violated a criminal statute
The finest among us are those who risk it all everyday for our safety, and Officers Anthony Morelli and Eric Joering were those people Their deaths are a terrible tragedy for my hometown of Westerville and all of Ohio
According to church expert John L Allen, an editor at specialized website Crux com, the Catholic Church has a structural problem when it comes to dealing with cover up accusations
Algemeiner reported: Nation of Islam leader and prominent antisemite Louis Farrakhan chanted “Death to America” and claimed that “America has never been a democracy” on Sunday during a solidarity trip to Iran, ahead of the re-implementation of US sanctions on the country this week
The confiscation order can be based on the testimony of only one person claiming that the gun owner poses a risk to the safety of himself or others The law deceptively says that it has to be the testimony of a “family member
These were allowed to remain as restraints on men who, now raised to a new supernatural existence, were capable of committing incalculably more grievous sins than heretofore As for the death penalty, it remains the inescapable consequence of our fallen nature and is of the highest utility in deterring us from following our hereditary inclination to evil
I document this abundantly in my new book The History of Jihad From Muhammad to ISIS  To take one of innumerable examples, Sharaf ad-Din Ali Yazdi, a fifteenth-century Persian who wrote a biography of the Mongol Muslim warrior Tamerlane, observed that “the Qur’an says the highest dignity man can attain is that of making war in person against the enemies of his religion
” “Governments in this country and across Europe are now the enemies of their own people, [and] they promote policies that are against the interests of their own people,” he railed — citing efforts to sabotage Brexit, uncontrolled mass migration, and what he described as “Islamisation” in particular," he said
The reason this little incident shouldn't be let go of so soon is that it is one of the clearest demonstrations of the media's bias, which we all have, lies and propaganda It should be used over and over in article after article to remind people about the total dishonesty and complete disregard for reporting the facts by outlets such as CNN and to not blindly trust self-proclaimed fact-checkers who will not tell you the truth either
Essential! And if He is God, we must give Him the adoration of God
When he did speak to journalists, he asked them to exercise their professional maturity and draw their own conclusions But how can journalists discover and know the truth if those directly involved with a matter refuse to answer any questions or to release any documents?
It will do you all good, really In other words, as Bergoglio cannot deny the allegations without lying, he will say nothing at all about them in the hope they will go away—with the help of sycophants in the Vatican press corps and shifty polemicists like Shea, who expects his readers to swallow his explanation that Bergoglio’s refusal to say anything in his defense when asked point blank about the charges against him “seems to me to obviously be the reply of somebody who believes the accusations are groundless…”
As Slavo noted, should the disease spread to the African mainland, one can assume that it will be all but impossible to control, thus increasing the likelihood of global pandemic Shock: Black Death Patients Are ESCAPING The Hospital Over Fear Of Needles As Officials Worry Plague Could Spread
” A handful of Democratic lawmakers alarmed at the prospect of being exposed as frauds and publicly humiliated wrote Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, and FBI Director Christopher Wray on Tuesday
Nothing done in Helsinki made life easier for the Putin regime in its continued economic decay and diplomatic isolation due to the sanctions regime Any intellectually honest review of the last decade of foreign policy would lead one to admit that President Trump has most assuredly been tougher on Putin and Russia than Obama ever was
” This student, who is known to me but whom I cannot name because she is a minor, has given students our address and is encouraging them to come to my home over this whole thing Another student told my daughter that she and the first student and her adult friends are going to kill me and carve a satanic star in my chest and rip out my organs
It is not a happy one but it is one that people should rally to quickly DB: His journalistic brethren are sounding like his prosecutors
They said the Republican senators never interviewed former Obama administration officials involved, and noted that no Democrats were involved The story "is widely overblown," said Jarrett Blanc, the former State Department coordinator for Iran deal implementation at the State Department
No, Trump didn’t start the fire The world was ablaze with tribalism and was raising up authoritarians to realize nationalist ends — Xi Jinping, Putin, Narendra Modi in India, Erdogan in Turkey, Gen
The poor, the middle income You have to whip them up into a frenzy in order for them to vote
Algemeiner reported: Nation of Islam leader and prominent antisemite Louis Farrakhan chanted “Death to America” and claimed that “America has never been a democracy” on Sunday during a solidarity trip to Iran, ahead of the re-implementation of US sanctions on the country this week
What of that lone prophet, Elijah? The tyrant Ahab called him the troubler of Israel
There are many things that we heard from Ford on Thursday that indicate there is more going on than she was willing to say Clearly, Ford has been outed as a radical political activist who promotes baby murder and other unlawful actions
The Guardian has become a main outlet for British government disinformation operations aimed at defaming Russia It smeared Assange and Snowden as Russian collaborators
But in the instant case, McGill’s BDS campaigners dispensed with their traditional charade and overtly launched their attack against Jews The vitriolic BDS campaign immediately sparked outrage among watchdog groups and politicians prompting McGill principal, Suzanne Fortier, to announce that the school would be conducting an investigation into the matter
The newest warning about the outbreak of the airborne pneumonic plague, or black death, in Madagascar has been released Officials warn that it’s inevitable that this bacterial infection that’s infected over 2000 people will become resistant to antibiotics
Democratic Illinois Rep  Danny Davis thinks Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan, a notorious racist and anti-Semite, does “outstanding work” but doesn’t agree with Farrakhan’s positions that white people are “devils” and Jewish people are satanic
” The letter also contrasts the stance of Islamic countries like Turkey and Saudi Arabia who “do not welcome any refugee” while Pope Francis preaches
You’re going to have to dig for it We’re watching the biggest campaign against freedom of speech and thought that has ever occurred in our part of the world
“Do not distance yourself from the great lines of the Second Vatican Council ” “In fact, those that are distancing themselves from the council to make another path are killing themselves – sooner or later, they will die
In response to cops claiming to find a tiny bit of weed, she pointed out that there was also a homicidal cop inside too His apartment also contained an off duty homicidal cop
That was too much for O’Malley, who said Francis had caused "great pain” to victims If Francis was not listening to the commission about Barros, whom was he listening to?
British public figures, whatever criticism they have leveled against Tommy Robinson in the past, should be calling for him to be freed today, or else they will be exposing themselves as supporting the degeneration of Britain into a police state Wilders addressed this endeavor head-on, declaring: “We will not be silenced
Doctoring is when you manipulate the content to misconstrue the reality of what took place If you want to see doctoring, go to 0:58 of the video above, and don't be drinking anything when you do because it's hilarious
Trump announced Tillerson’s ouster via Twitter Tuesday, saying: “Mike Pompeo, Director of the CIA, will become our new Secretary of State He will do a fantastic job!
… At that point, after the Ralston tweet, Murillo openly admits the partisan motives of Google’s electioneering efforts
Murray: The problem with this latest fabrication is that [Ecuador’s President] Moreno had already released the visitor logs to the Mueller inquiry
com offline, but his lawyer warned him that he still potentially faced millions of dollars in fines and years in prison simply for having made the file available to overseas downloaders for a few days “I thought my life was over,” Wilson says
she continued in a line of questioning “Why is it so easy for judges to make rulings that allow known terrorists and jihadists to stay in our country?
— Daniel McAdams (@DanielLMcAdams) October 12, 2018 Serving as a kick in the teeth to the thousands of people who lost their livelihoods yesterday because of this purge is the fact that pages who do set out to deliberately deceive people, put out actual fake news, and slander others — like the infamous Your News Wire — remain intact and able to post
The reason they don't is because they are guilty of what they fail to confront! They are paper tigers
Why?" “Why is it so easy, Theresa May, to jail Tommy Robinson, but so difficult to do anything at all about the monstrous crimes committed in the name of Islam all over this country every day?
Sadly, many of Judge Kavanaugh’s haters have thrown that rule aside If Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination is pulled as a result of the smears and character assassination, President Trump should immediately nominate someone on his short list such as Amy Coney Barrett and the Senate Republican majority should then push through the new nominee’s confirmation as soon as possible
 President Sessions long has been one of Trump’s favorite pinatas, often taking the brunt of the president’s public scorn
But no one is talking about this Instead, the left and right are involved in a mudslinging orgy of victim shaming and kangaroo courts
Where is Berg's blog post on that? Where is the AMA statement against the pharmaceutical companies and big government?
And Assange? He has been confined in the Ecuadorian embassy in London for six years —from June 19, 2012—the victim of a scurrilous slander campaign and British threats to arrest him, should he ever step outside
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Hellbent to destroy President Trump, they toil in Soviet fictions and titillating porn stories
M  (REUTERS) – A 13-YEAR-OLD BOY WHO WAS PART OF GROUP TAKEN INTO CUSTODY AT A SQUALID NEW MEXICO COMPOUND LAST MONTH HAS TOLD FBI AGENTS HIS MOTHER’S BOYFRIEND WAS TRAINING HIM TO CONDUCT “JIHAD” AGAINST NON-BELIEVERS, ACCORDING TO FEDERAL COURT DOCUMENTS
” Trump was, unfortunately, following the example of his two immediate predecessors when he claimed that “Ramadan reminds us of the richness Muslims add to the religious tapestry of American life,” and was severely misleading the American people
S  power to punish aggressors and "end tyranny in our world
" "I’m just telling you I have received what I feel to be and believe to be credible evidence of a possible terrorist nexus," Perry said
An unprovable accusation from decades ago that the accuser said nothing about until years later, and that is uncorroborated by any other testimony or by the evidence of any similar behavior on Kavanaugh’s part This is clearly a set-up (Christine Ford is also a far-left Democrat operative) designed to derail the nomination of a good man
But the story is breaking through the embargo We're starting to have that "national dialogue" about racism that the left keeps wanting us to have
Obscured by the junk was a trailer where the 11 children and five adults were living The children wore dirty rags for clothing with no shoes, and were surrounded by weapons and rounds of ammunition, authorities said
S  officials and reporting them as proven fact — and nothing exemplifies this penchant better than reporting on the Gulf of Tonkin incident — perhaps one of most flagrant lies ever dreamed up as a justification for war
The definition of treason is giving aid and comfort to the enemy The leaders of the Islamic Republic of Iran order their people to chant “Death to America” in mosques every Friday, and repeatedly vow that they will ultimately destroy the United States of America and the state of Israel
Take note that civil government is to be, and must be, a “terror to good works ” It has no power or authority to terrorize good works or good, law-abiding people
You can have hospitals but if people don’t come it isn’t enough ” Such incidents have prompted fears that the plague could spread even further with each confirmed case requiring 20 people have been in contact with to be treated as a precaution
The three females believed to be the mothers of the eleven children, Jany Leveille age 35, Hujrah Wahhaj age 38, and Subhannah Wahhaj age 35 were arrested without incident in Taos and were later booked in the Taos Adult Detention Center “We all gave the kids our water and what snacks we had – it was the saddest living conditions and poverty I have seen
 Goldstein of the law firm of Goldstein & Russell predicted that the high court would have nine members again soon “There is exactly a zero percent chance that [Senate Majority Leader] Mitch McConnell and Chuck Grassley will allow this thing to get past the lame-duck” congressional session after Election Day, said the co-founder of SCOTUSblog who has appeared before the Supreme Court many times
Trump told reporters he would "absolutely" extend an invitation to the White House to Kim, who also heralded a new era "Today, we had a historic meeting and decided to leave the past behind," Kim said through a translator
Oppose requirements or incentives of teachers to carry weapons They also oppose concealed carry reciprocity, which I do as well, but based on the principle that the Second Amendment's protections extend to the various states as well, since it recognizes a right, not a permission, to keep and bear arms
For those heavy into it, that’s their thing, but it ain’t my thing,” he said The people who talk about the "Jewish question" are generally anti-Semites
Political consultants often ask: how does it look? And it looks extremely bad
” Black Death: ‘It’s 100 % Likely’ It Spreads To The UK And A ‘Ticking Time Bomb’ Ready To Decimate The World
Thanks, but no thanks You can take your 'Church of Accompaniment" to prison with you
 bishops would jump at the opportunity to issue statements reaffirming the Church's clear teaching against all sins of the flesh, homo- and heterosexual Again, God bless Archbishop Hebda for this welcome statement, and may God grant him the courage now to finish the task by publicly reassuring the scandalized faithful that it’s not just abuse of minors or sexual harassment that’s going on here
Newt Gingrich: The truth about Trump, Putin, and Obama President Trump’s summit Monday with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Helsinki created a firestorm of controversy
171 have died of the disease so far Black Death Warning: The Plague Is Impossible To Eradicate
First he insulted the abuse victims Then, only when he was forced by the media, and a revolt by the Chilean victims and faithful, did he recognize his error and apologize, while stating that he had been misinformed, causing a disastrous situation for the Church in Chile, but continuing to protect the two Chilean Cardinals Errazuriz and Ezzati
Some sins, like some demons, can only be driven out by prayer and fasting This letter and these statements and promises are not intended to be an exhaustive list of what we can and need to do in the Church to begin to heal from, and stave off, this deep illness in the Church, but rather the next steps I believe we can take locally
” Murillo also brags that Google, “used its power to ensure that millions of people saw certain hashtags and social media impressions, with the goal of influencing their behavior during the election
” The election is over and hardworking Georgians are ready to move forward
'” “Glazov’s advice also involves the promotion of supporting moderate Muslims – a move that is, clearly, horrifying to Facebook’s masters and therefore also violates their ‘community standards,'” the report said
Who has been exposed to blackmail and God knows what else? And how deeply has America been compromised?
” Farrakhan has calledJews “the enemy of God and the enemy of the righteous,” and said Jews were responsible for the 9/11 terror attacks and the rise of the Ku Klux Klan in the 20th century “The congressman was insistent that The Daily Caller misquoted him during the interview and that he didn’t subscribe to Farrakhan’s anti-Semitic statements and actions in the past,” the ADL official told JTA in a statement
Algemeiner reported: Nation of Islam leader and prominent antisemite Louis Farrakhan chanted “Death to America” and claimed that “America has never been a democracy” on Sunday during a solidarity trip to Iran, ahead of the re-implementation of US sanctions on the country this week
My two above-mentioned memos of December 6, 2006 and May 25, 2008, were also presumably handed over to him by the Substitute As already mentioned, the Cardinal had no difficulty in insistently presenting for the episcopate candidates known to be active homosexuals — I cite only the well-known case of Vincenzo de Mauro, who was appointed Archbishop-Bishop of Vigevano and later removed because he was undermining his seminarians — and in filtering and manipulating the information he conveyed to Pope Benedict…
Moreover, a new question arises: Can the GOP establishment believe that if Trump falls, or they bring him down, they will inherit the estate and be welcomed home like the Prodigal Son?
It's sociology that worries me Sociology helped generate a whole range of fake new academic subjects while corrupting existing ones into a toxic stew of racism and meaningless jargon
When serving in Newark, I was regularly briefed on current legal matters of all sorts, but not on past legal matters (unless they were still being discussed in the press) By the time I arrived in Newark in November 2013, the 2005 and 2007 settlements were apparently considered ancient history
When serious charges of sexual misconduct were raised against Kavanaugh, Trump decided to stick with him instead of moving on to another candidate It’s still not clear that Kavanaugh’s nomination is doomed, but it’s certainly in severe trouble
She and Tlaib will enjoy establishment media accolades as they pursue their hard-Left, anti-American, anti-Israel agenda Their presence in the House of Representatives may be evidence of “diversity,” but it is also a disquieting sign of the continued dominance of identity politics, and the increasing balkanization of the American body politic
The Left is driving more kids OUT of public schools There is also the Left-wing social engineering
S  plan to create a BSF inside Syria, Damascus declared , "represents a blatant attack on the sovereignty and territorial integrity and unity of Syria, and a flagrant violation of international law
JP: I thought the image of Ray being hauled off was particularly telling These four overweight, obviously ill-trained young men manhandling Ray, who is 78 years old
I do think he would support anybody doing that stuff, Bill Nelson … But I don’t think he can say it just [be]cause he’s trying to get the moderates and the gun-toting people in North Florida
Why is Walter Kasper a cardinal? One of the most prominent of those puzzle pieces is the apparent inability of these “conservative” prelates, to detect, let alone effectively oppose, these brazen enemies of the Faith within the episcopate and College of Cardinals
com/8cr3XfH2T6 — Iris Rodriguez (@IrisNews) November 2, 2018 For now, the active-duty servicemen have mainly been erecting barbed-wire fences along the border and building shelter accommodation for customs and border protection staff In addition to sheer numbers, the US forces will have drones, helicopters with night-vision capabilities, and fixed-wing aircraft at their disposal to ensure the success of the military operation
Bradley Manning gave WikiLeaks the gun-barrel video of July 12, 2007 called “Collateral Murder ” Whoever did provide that graphic footage, showing the brutality of the celebrated “surge” in Iraq, was certainly far more a patriot than the “mainstream” journalist embedded in that same Army unit
Such measures are common practice in North Korea and Saudi Arabia It is sad to see how Britain, the cradle of Western democracy and the rule of law, is fast descending into tyranny
It isn’t a surprise that so many have decided to educate their children themselves And as schools continue to fail, and authoritarian policies continue to wreak havoc on our society, more will wake up to the absolute horror of what allowing the state to educate our children has done to the moral fabric of humanity
Donald Trump is extremely vilified not because he allegedly is/was racist/sexist, but because he threatens neoliberalism and neoconservatism, the American empire, one that continues to try and push an Orwellian state type of existence, which seems to be ramping up every single year Trump was not supposed to win, and no this isn’t about democrats vs republicans or that Trump is a saviour
“America is in trouble, and I say God is about to wipe this nation from the face of the Earth I’m not crazy, I’m not drunk, how long do you think a nation can do evil and not face the wrath of god?”
And what of the infamous Instrumentum Laboris, drafted by the crafty Cardinal Baldisseri, Secretary General of the Synod of Bishops, noteworthy of the infamous First Synod on the Family? Known for his manipulative polls and magical modernistic results, Baldisseri infamously stated that “dogma has its own evolution
” According to the Tagespost report, Cardinal Müller said in his address that he regrets the separation of the Church's doctrinal and moral teaching and called Christianity a “theocentric humanism
Sadly, many of Judge Kavanaugh’s haters have thrown that rule aside If Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination is pulled as a result of the smears and character assassination, President Trump should immediately nominate someone on his short list such as Amy Coney Barrett and the Senate Republican majority should then push through the new nominee’s confirmation as soon as possible
We are simply asked to take the pope’s word for it, but given that it follows his astoundingly brazen lie that there was no evidence for Ricca’s homosexual activity in the first place, we can take the assurance for what it seems to be worth Next, after another little inside nudge-nudge-wink-wink joke about the “gay lobby” – implying (but of course never outright saying) that the whole thing is hysterical nonsense – we hear a direct contradiction to Catholic teaching from no less a source than his predecessor, Pope Benedict Ratzinger
A manager at the complex declined to indicate exactly when Guyger moved out and if she left the premises voluntarily, the Dallas Morning News reports While residents can certainly sleep better knowing that they don’t have to fear a killer cop walking into their apartment and murdering them, the family of Botham Jean likely sees this as one more instance of injustice
But we have repeatedly heard from him that he was under no constraint, that he had resigned freely And indeed, far from being an isolated “prisoner of the Vatican,” Benedict has received many guests all of whom report that, though frail, he appears content and never utters a word of criticism
To take one of innumerable examples, Sharaf ad-Din Ali Yazdi, a fifteenth-century Persian who wrote a biography of the Mongol Muslim warrior Tamerlane, observed that “the Qur’an says the highest dignity man can attain is that of making war in person against the enemies of his religion Muhammad advises the same thing, according to the tradition of the Muslim doctors: wherefore the great Temur always strove to exterminate the infidels, as much to acquire that glory, as to signalise himself by the greatness of his conquests
Whatever happened or did not happen, it's difficult to feel sorry for someone who comes forward at such a politically opportune moment There was ample time to have addressed this in July or August, but Dianne Feinstein chose to sit on it until the moment it could inflict maximum political damage
With one or two noble (however inconsistent) exceptions, their response to the Bergoglian Debacle thus far ranges from silence, to active complicity, to—at best—hand-wringing over the increasingly chaotic state of the Church while begging the Pope to “clarify” his already perfectly clear intentions At this point, continued pleading for a Bergoglian “clarification” can only give rise to an impression of disingenuousness, whereas continued silence about the papal origin of this ongoing catastrophe is a standing rebuke to all the hierarchs who know what we all know: that at the epicenter of the chaos is the most wayward Pope the Church has ever had to endure
Instead, they’re so hellbent on destroying President Trump that they have directed all their energy to retailing Soviet fictions and titillating porn stories House investigators found the House server was being used for nefarious purposes: the alleged Muslim spies were removing information and sending it for foreign actors
It should be used over and over in article after article to remind people about the total dishonesty and complete disregard for reporting the facts by outlets such as CNN and to not blindly trust self-proclaimed fact-checkers who will not tell you the truth either CNN has lost its mind to the point that they are suing over Acosta losing his press pass
No one is demonizing an ethnicity but Don Lemon He is the one demonizing white men
Most importantly, as Sebastian Gorka urges in Defeating Jihad: The Winnable War, the government needs to lay down a vision, an actual “threat doctrine analysis” in a thorough document, just like George Kennan’s Long Telegram and NSC-68 did in laying out the strategic foundation to fighting communism in the Cold War It is absolutely mind-boggling that nothing of this sort exists today in our terror war — and it is a reflection of the Left being in charge and of the destructive defeat that it is sowing
The governor has asked Congress for $46 billion in CDBG funding alone Home damage in Puerto Rico, where the poverty rate is around 46 percent, was exacerbated by the existence of hundreds of thousands of sub-standard "informal" homes, which are typically built by the owners themselves, without permits and often in squatter communities
While recent credible accusations of child sexual abuse by Archbishop McCarrick have brought a whole slew of issues to light, long-ignored was the issue of abuse of his power for the sake of homosexual gratification It is time to admit that there is a homosexual subculture within the hierarchy of the Catholic Church that is wreaking great devastation in the vineyard of the Lord
Sharia New Mexico: Islamic compound jihadis RELEASED on bond after charges of “Islamophobia” and “racism” (Islam is not a race) Editor's Note: Talk about injustice!
8:7) ” It is an act of love to hate sin and to call others to turn away from sin
Great! Putting all that context aside, it’s offensive and pretty much terrible
 Sylvie Brand “We know that it is coming, but we have no way of stopping it,” said Brand
“Not one Democrat would look at my deposition with the independent counsel Oh my gosh, they did not want to know about it
Ford’s request for an FBI probe is “clearly a desire to delay proceedings,” diGenova said President Trump is taking the high road and is avoiding attacking Ford, which isn’t a risky move given how obviously unbalanced the accuser is
Why are children being mutilated and forcefully raped while the law looks the other way? Forcefully married, child married, while the law looks the other way?
that others hearing may fear and may not dare to do such things Thou shalt not pity him, but shalt require life for life, eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot” (Deut
But Kritarch Patti Saris was having none of the immigration laws of the United States She thought she was decider-in-chief on who gets deported
The Cardinal told me that he knew nothing about it However, he failed to acknowledge receipt of my two letters, contrary to what he customarily did
It did what it is designed to do We have previously shown that the Guardian even uses fascist propaganda tropes to smear the Russian people
Where does PGO gets its funding? From, among other sources, George Soros and his Open Society Foundation tentacles
The Best of Eric Margolis End The Korean War!
S “The heart-wrenching pain of these victims, which cries out to heaven, was long ignored, kept quiet or silenced,” Francis said in a Letter to the People of God, a rarely-issued address to the world’s 1
[5] I’d love to hear from some monastic superior who had the nerve to tell Rome, “Actually, given that all our neighbours in religion are raging neo-modernist heretics, if not schismatics, we think ‘isolation’ is a desirable thing – like quarantine during an outbreak of Bubonic Plague – and would therefore like to be dispensed from the federation requirement ” I’d pay good money to see the shade of purple the well-fed Braz de’Aviz turned
" The finest among us are those who risk it all everyday for our safety, and Officers Anthony Morelli and Eric Joering were those people
The dispute came after Awan’s father was charged with fraud in relation to the deal, and the mysterious exertion of political influence resulted in Pakistani authorities instead targeting the elderly alleged victims, according to a local report And when a House Office of Inspector General cybersecurity investigation found that Awan made “unauthorized access” to House servers, including the House Democratic Caucus’ shortly before the election, Wasserman Schultz became “frantic, not normal,” “making the rounds” to House officials in an attempt to kill the investigation, one House employee told The Daily Caller News Foundation
The Pope Is Now Openly Attacking Child Sexual Abuse Victims For “Slander” Pope Francis is now attacking the credibility of child sex abuse victims in a shocking move made at the end of a trip to Chile in which he had hoped to “heal” the wounds of said abuse
"I barely put a million bucks into this and I got you the Second Amendment forever," he told The Daily Wire in a phone interview "What has the NRA done for you lately?"
It just says he was “known ” And even if he did act weirdly or strangely, if we denied constitutional rights to everyone in that category, a majority of Americans would have no rights, and ALL of Congress would have no rights
Communist Door Boy Attacks Teen Trump Supporter Down in San Antonio, Texas the dangerous and violent predilections of the left reared its ugly head once again
What can the Church do when confronted by a Pope who, as a prominent cardinal declares to the whole world, “fail[s] to maintain and transmit faithfully … the deposit of faith contained in Sacred Tradition and Sacred Scripture” and is leading “an apostasy from the truth”? It seems absurd to argue that she can do nothing but exhort the faithful to pray and do penance while a papal malefactor, treated as if were an absolute dictator, is allowed to continue wreaking havoc upon faith and morals to the detriment of countless souls, without the least impediment, for so long as he shall live
Here again, this is just more of the general refusal to acknowledge the 800-pound gorilla sitting in the living room and screaming “Allahu akbar ” Sean Ragan might explain to us that authorities are also trying to determine whether the German invasion of Poland in September 1939 was motivated by Nazism, or by mental health issues among the German High Command
Almost equally important, North Korea boasts one of the word’s biggest armies – 1,020,000 men, 88,000 crack special forces, and an trained militia of over 5 million The North’s weapons are obsolescent; its small air forces and navy will be vaporized by US power but its troops are deeply dug into the mountainous terrain and would be fighting from prepared positions
When the Libyan President was murdered publicly and gruesomely with a knife, Clinton was filmed whooping and cheering Thanks largely to her, Libya became a breeding ground for ISIS and other jihadists
President Trump’s summit Monday with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Helsinki created a firestorm of controversy President Trump seemed to be publicly siding with the Russian dictator against the American intelligence agencies
Fortunately, the spacecraft is healthy and functioning properly, although it is currently in hibernation The mission controllers at the Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory in Laurel, Maryland, will bring the spacecraft out of its electronic slumber in June to begin a series of system checkouts and other activities to prepare it for the next record-breaking encounter
Edward E  Curtis IV, the author of “Black Muslim Religion in the Nation of Islam,” said that while estimates ranged wildly about how many bona fide members belonged to the Nation, he believes that there were tens of thousands of members in the 1960s and early 1970s
That’s “far right”? In any case, note well: the letter to me from the UK Home Office said that I was banned for saying that “[Islam] is a religion and is a belief system that mandates warfare against unbelievers…”
" "I’m just telling you I have received what I feel to be and believe to be credible evidence of a possible terrorist nexus," Perry said
 Ryan But the Democrat machine got them unsealed anyway
Among the counties involved with the altered affidavits is Broward, which has been a hotspot for controversy as many Florida races have led to a recount Some people point to Brenda Snipes, Broward’s Elections chief, for her troubling history of election transgressions
Apparently, this individual who wrote the article knows nothing of the Black Robed Regiment that the tyrant King George feared the most The Black Robed regiment, were in fact, the preachers that went before the Forefathers in educating the colonies to resistance when it came to the corrupt King on the other side of the pond
It is welcome that finally there has been a little pushback, including from leading journalists, to the Guardian’s long-running vilification of Julian Assange, the founder of Wikileaks Reporter Luke Harding’s latest article, claiming that Donald Trump’s disgraced former campaign manager Paul Manafort secretly visited Assange in Ecuador’s embassy in London on three occasions, is so full of holes that even hardened opponents of Assange in the corporate media are struggling to stand by it
"If code is speech, the constitutional contradictions are evident," Wilson explained to WIRED when he first launched the lawsuit in 2015 "So what if this code is a gun?” The Department of Justice's surprising settlement, confirmed in court documents earlier this month, essentially surrenders to that argument
” The area in East London includes the famous Tower Bridge and Canary Wharf, but the ban does not appear to be enforceable The current Labour mayor, John Biggs, complained that President Trump “doesn’t applaud diversity [and] doesn’t respect the culture of others and doesn’t respect women”
While the Obama administration continues to allow the Muslim Brotherhood to direct American foreign policy and, therefore, to implement “strategies” that render America defenseless in the face of Jihad and stealth Jihad, there are some alternative strategies that have the potential to turn this catastrophic situation around completely in America’s favor Below are 9 concrete steps that, if implemented by a future American administration, would make a big difference in preserving our civilization and in defending Americans from terrorism:
The former recognizes that an armed populace is a threat to any tyrant and pushes for gun control out of self-preservation However, a new ruling in a court case over 3-D printer files of guns has now made gun control virtually impossible
It gets worse though Smith says that Gillum is “a progressive” who is “a part of the crazy, crazy, crazies
Wilson boasted that his efforts have officially killed gun control "I barely put a million bucks into this and I got you the Second Amendment forever," he told The Daily Wire in a phone interview
The Byzantine scholar Bessarion wrote to the Doge of Venice two months after the conquest, in July 1453, saying that Constantinople had been …sacked by the most inhuman barbarians and the most savage enemies of the Christian faith, by the fiercest of wild beasts
Slowly but surely we are starting to see the official narrative regarding the Las Vegas Massacre be completely destroyed At this point it is strikingly obvious that authorities have lied to the American people about the worst mass shooting in our countries history
They were bowing to jihadist intimidation Meanwhile, Britain has a steadily lengthening record of admitting jihad preachers without a moment of hesitation
The new wave of allegations has called Pope Francis’s handling of abuse into question as many Catholics look to him to help the church regain its credibility The pope’s track record has been mixed, something some outsiders attribute to his learning curve or shortcomings and others chalk up to resistance from a notoriously change-averse institution
They need to fear Him more than they do the Islamic terrorists and rape gangs Then, and only then, will they render justice for the Muslim criminals, rid their land of such public idolatry and protect the people like Tommy Robinson who rightly tell the truth
 will be viewed as one of that once great nation’s darkest moments and a low point for freedom It was the victory of Islamic law over Western law, sharia over freedom
The new wave of allegations has called Pope Francis’s handling of abuse into question as many Catholics look to him to help the church regain its credibility The pope’s track record has been mixed, something some outsiders attribute to his learning curve or shortcomings and others chalk up to resistance from a notoriously change-averse institution
This botched investigation is a stunning indictment of the FBI This is not the Soviet Union, this is not Iran or Riyadh – this is America
Officials have reported infections in 17 of the island nation’s 22 regions since the outbreak started in August And the number of cases is growing by the day, said Elhadj As Sy, the secretary general of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC) as the nation put all hospitals on high alert
It is the response of the military/security complex to Donald Trump’s presidential campaign statement that he intended to normalize relations with Russia Trump recognized that the extreme Russiaphobia, which the hegemonic neoconservatives had whipped up since Vladimir Putin’s statement at the Munich Security Conference in 2007 that Russia was a sovereign country and intended to act like one, was a threat to life on earth
pr, which provides daily updates on basic services on the island While there are still other problems as well, such as gas stations being slow to reopen, and roads getting badly damaged, the power grid’s utter annihilation in the category 4 winds is not just a temporary inconvenience
All of this happened before Bergoglio, bowing to worldwide public pressure, finally—only weeks ago—took decisive action against his “trusted counselor ” McCarrick had lobbied for Bergoglio’s election, along with Maradiaga and the infamous Cardinal Danneels, who covered up homosexual rape committed by a priest against his own nephew,has supported “same-sex marriage,” and advised the King of Belgium to sign a law legalizing abortion in 1990
” This truth was lost or buried in a media witch-hunt that disgracefully associated Assange with rape and misogyny
We need to intervene where evil is spreading; for evil spreads where daring Christians who oppose evil with good are lacking ” [emphasis in original] If this is rightly to be considered a serious moral responsibility for every believer, how much graver is it for the Church’s supreme pastor, who in the case of McCarrick not only did not oppose evil but associated himself in doing evil with someone he knew to be deeply corrupt
Encourage the development of curricula and training for physicians with a focus on suicide risk assessment and prevention as well as lethal means safety counseling Encourage physicians, as a part of their suicide prevention strategy, to discuss lethal means safety and work with families to reduce access to lethal means of suicide
It was necessary for her [the Church] to raze the old bastions and confide only in the protection of the faith, the power of the word that is her unique, true, and permanent strength But to raze the bastions cannot signify that she no longer has anything to protect, or that she can live owing to different forces than those that engendered her: the water and the blood that poured from the open side of her crucified Lord
He found a narrative from British counter-jihad groups closely aligned with the alt-right, such as Britain First and the founder of the English Defence League Tommy Robinson ” The British counter-jihad movement is thus swept into the same group of violent extremists as Osborne, because Ganesh “knows” they encouraged him
Unemployment is a case in point It now seems obvious that one of those mysterious memos has gone out to the Main Stream Media saying that no-one can mention the immigration moratorium solution
” An outcry followed, leading Fortier to appoint former Ombudsperson for Students, Spencer Boudreau, to investigate
That’s the information they seek to blackout This botched investigation is a stunning indictment of the FBI
Ridicule the Enemy Ridicule is a vicious and potent weapon
” “From day one this case was used as a means to foment hate, to foment division and to foment a program of mass deportation,” added defense attorney Francisco Ugarte
” Trump tweet sent on Wednesday, October 25: “The long anticipated release of the #JFKFiles will take place tomorrow So interesting!
I think it's great that Mr  Saucier has been pardoned, I really do, but I continue to ask what a lot of Americans continue to ask, why does the known criminal Hillary Clinton remain at large in our country with her corrupt foundation taking in billions, her trashing our Republic and continuing to have a national voice?
A hat signed by @realDonaldTrump,” Joe Gallow wrote on Twitter #Update: Teen who made national news after having #MAGA hat stolen at a San Antonio fast food restaurant just got this in the mail
More UK Sharia: Firefighter Suspended For Supporting Tommy Robinson No one can say this is not what this is
And no call to restore the caliphate would be complete without a swipe at the Jews, whom the Qur’an designates (5:82) the worst enemies of the Muslims Khecharem predicted that “this will happen, of course, after the elimination of the filthy Jewish entity, and after liberation of the lands under direct colonization, like Kashmir and others
In so doing, the bishops will incur the wrath of the enemies of the Church, yes They will be crucified in the media, yes
By adding “at the shrine” to this verse, Wills restricts the call to fight to the area around the Sacred Mosque in Mecca He ignores the fact that some Islamic authorities see this passage as calling for nothing less than unlimited warfare against non-Muslims
When Arnold complained, the professor said they'd reexamine the assignment, but did not concede that Australia was a country "Australia is a continent; it is not a country
The power that the Supreme Court has, some would argue, is greater in certain aspects than that of the president himself Perhaps that’s why the 2016 election loss was so devastating to the Democrats
com/F1dvZAVQaF — Battle Beagle 🇺🇸 🇬🇧 (@HarmlessYardDog) May 7, 2018 A second source tells The Beacon that the Trump administration recognizes that the “chief impediment to the region is Iran’s tyrannical regime
Mike Pompeo, Director of the CIA, will become our new Secretary of State He will do a fantastic job!
The ship has extensive space and equipment for trauma care and a large staff, but CNN reported that as of last Tuesday, only 33 of 250 beds were full The looming crisis seems to be getting worse, not better, and Puerto Rico is experiencing a medical crisis of epic proportions
It did not allow Iranian parties to open accounts or correspondent accounts at US banks It did not allow Iran to send funds to the US or receive funds from the US
 immigration law He has already proved that in the sanctuary state of California, false-documented illegals are a privileged class
The mother posted the video of the incident on Facebook as evidence of her claims The woman claimed a man became extremely angry at her teenage son and his group of friends because one of them wore a “Make American Great Again” hat, KENS5 reported
According to Dr  Tedros, the flu is extremely dangerous to everyone living on the planet
" Haters of Judge Kavanaugh are turning the process of Senate confirmation of a Supreme Court nominee into something worse than a travesty
John Pilger, it is great to talk to you again But it is a profound tragedy, John, the way they are treating Julian Assange, this prolific journalist and publisher who so many other journalists have depended on in the past
” Imagine spending all that time studying Islam and yet still misunderstanding its true, peaceful message
Do the FBI and law enforcement think people won’t talk about it or speculate as to what happened? Are they for real?
Any observer could be forgiven for believing that prosecution and defense both got the outcome they wanted Unlike Stalin’s trials of the old Bolsheviks, and Fidel Castro’ trial of General Arnaldo Ochoa, this show trial aimed to establish innocence for the guilty, and the dynamics of the left were on full display
I hope the story turns out true But the skepticism over this story is very widespread, including among Assange's most devoted haters, because it's so sketchy
President Trump stands up for himself on Twitter — I am surprised that Tritter hasn’t suspended his account — but otherwise seems powerless Whoever advised Trump to appoint Rosenstein, a person committed to Trump’s destruction, as deputy attorney general, which is the ruling position in view of the weak and stupid AG Sessions who recused himself from the Russiagate investigation, intended Trump’s destruction
While it is a positive development that Facebook has lifted the ban on Jamie (for now), this story is crucial to amplify now more than ever, seeing that Facebook, and all of leftist-run social media, is, at this moment, clearly accelerating its totalitarian attack on the free speech of conservatives (See Jamie's video on this whole surreal affair HERE)
“I am ready to pass the torch,” she wrote in the letter, which made no mention of controversies surrounding the 2018 election By the way, she missed her deadline
Unbelievable! Sharia New Mexico: Islamic compound jihadis RELEASED on bond after charges of “Islamophobia” and “racism” (Islam is not a race)
S -based Islamic organizations and their primary benefactor, Saudi Arabia, to present a view of Islam that whitewashes its violent history and intolerant doctrines
Witnesses said Traore called Halimi a “demon” as he was pummeling her Halimi’s daughter said following the murder that Traore called her, the daughter, a “dirty Jewess” two years before the killing when they passed each other in the building
[emphasis added] I believe that Archbishop Viganò’s precious testimony is a sign that Heaven itself is now responding to the “need for justice” in the Church
There is far more evidence that Russiagate is a conspiracy against the President of the United States than there is evidence that it is a Trump-Putin conspiracy to steal the election from Hillary If Mueller can indict on the basis of no evidence, Trump can order the Attorney General to indict on the basis of massive evidence that Russiagate is a conspiracy against the President of the United States
DB: Even the attorney for the New York Times happened to mention that if Julian Assange gets prosecuted, the Times could get prosecuted under the same laws JP: It could but I don’t believe it would be, because power respects power
 Farrakhan to express his anti-Semitism (Among his more infamous comments is his 1984 description of Adolf Hitler as “a very great man
YOUNG: “… I do think he’s not saying specifically like I’m going to ban bump stocks or I’m against ATs, only because he’s running a race right now I do think he would support anybody doing that stuff, Bill Nelson… But I don’t think he can say it just [be]cause he’s trying to get the moderates and the gun-toting people in North Florida…”
FBI Arrests 5 Muslims From New Mexico Jihad Compound Days After Multiple Charges Were Dropped Just days after a district judge dropped all charges against three of the Muslim jihadis at the New Mexico terror compound where a child was killed and 11 other children were being trained to commit jihad in mass school shootings, the Federal Bureau of Investigation has stepped up to arrest five Islamists, but the charges are no longer the same
It was also apparently evidence of the paper’s clickbait tendencies: “They [Guardian editors] knew that publishing this story would cause partisan warriors to excitedly spread the story, and that cable news outlets would hyperventilate over it, and that they’d reap the rewards regardless of whether the story turned out to be true or false
In fact, every single migrant who crosses over into our country will more than likely commit at least 28 crimes in order to present themselves as legal “The assault on our country at our Southern Border, including the Criminal elements and DRUGS pouring in, is far more important to me, as President, than Trade or the USMCA,” he wrote
“By contrast, my administration has taken a very firm stance – it’s a very firm stance – on a strong action We’re going to take strong action to secure our election systems and the process
Both forms of the plague can be cured with antibiotics, but getting treatment quickly is the key to survival It’s Airborne: Officials Warn That The “Black Death” Plague Could Spread Rapidly
There is also the Left-wing social engineering The craziness over transgender students and bathrooms/locker rooms, allowing students to “take a knee” during the playing of the National Anthem, the Left-wing curriculum, and refusing to allow students to wear shirts that praise POTUS Trump or feature the American flag are also driving parents into homeschooling
… “People are shot to death in pizza restaurants, people are killed by hand grenades they find on the street,” Sweden Democrat leader Jimmie Akesson said in parliament on Wednesday “This is the new Sweden; the new, exciting dynamic, multicultural paradise that so many here in this assembly … have fought to create for so many years,” he said sarcastically
Thousands of Troops and Razor Wire: US Border Reinforced Against Migrant ‘Invasion’ (Videos) President Trump has initiated the military to protect our border from the invading migrants
DB: Yes, and the thanks he got was seven years in solitary confinement They want to prosecute Assange and maybe hang him from the rafters in Congress, but what about Judith Miller and The New York Times lying the West into war?
Tracy Barnes, one of the CIA officials responsible for the operation, was awarded the Distinguished Intelligence Medal, the CIA’s second-highest medal The CIA’s cover-up in the JFK assassination was even more brilliant and ingenious
The hospitals have also begun implementing preventative measures with attempts to stall the spread of the bacterial infection The IFRC said it’s introducing the same “safe and dignified” burial methods used in West Africa during the 2014 Ebola epidemic
Perhaps now, as an answer that fits our apparently contradictory puzzle pieces, we can finally accept his word on this Perhaps the world of Catholic academic theology had become so corrupted that a man called “progressive” in 1963, but whose ideas remained the same, would look like a “champion of traditional Catholic orthodoxy” by 2005
He likes a racist hate group But doesn't believe white people are devils or Jews are satanic
After saying she thought she knew what Mitchell was trying to get at in her questions, the senator said, “so I'll just ask you very plainly, Dr  Ford, is there a political motivation for your coming forward with your account of the assault by Brett Kavanaugh?”
Because sharia trumps dead children, school shooting training, kidnapping and jihad training The children discovered at an “extremist Muslim” compound in New Mexico earlier this month were both trained to use firearms and taught multiple tactical techniques in order to kill teachers, law enforcement and other institution…
” Yes, Francis should resign if Viganò ’s allegations are true, Shea admits—a stunning concession coming from him Yet, making no attempt to refute Viganò’s account on the merits, he tries to wave it all aside with his usual mode of argument—puerile mockery: “But at present, the eagerness of the Greatest Catholics of All Time to believe and repeat everything their itching ears want to hear about this Pope whose living guts they have hated from the moment of his election only tells in his favor, not against it
Ebola Outbreak Confirmed in Democratic Republic of Congo On Tuesday, the government of the Democratic Republic of Congo announced an outbreak of Ebola hemorrhagic fever, a deadly virus that causes severe bleeding and organ failure, among other unpleasant symptoms
See? This is why they should be honest about who they are and name themselves the Non-American Medical Association
Third, faithful to the free trade cult in which they were raised, Republicans championed NAFTA, the WTO, and MFN for China Historians will look back in amazement at how America's free trade zealots gave away the greatest manufacturing base the world had ever seen, as they quoted approvingly 18th- and 19th-century scribblers whose ideas had done so much to bring down their own country, Great Britain
” I contrast this frightening comment with those coming from the man immediately responsible for “Cor orans,” Cardinal João Braz de Aviz, the Brazilian prefect of the Congregation for Institutes of Consecrated Life and Societies of Apostolic Life in a speech to religious formation directors in 2015, in which he laid out pretty clearly what was coming in this piece of legislation, 3 years later
Another student told my daughter that she and the first student and her adult friends are going to kill me and carve a satanic star in my chest and rip out my organs They then threatened to hang my 3-year-old and 1-year-old and kidnap my 14-year-old
Looking carefully at the infamous “Who am I to judge” comment, this was clear early on The first part of that interview is a blatant and enormous lie, and it was from there that the pope moved on to his apology for homosexuality in general
 that’s about it,” Jim Steinle, Kate’s father, told the San Francisco Chronicle “There’s no other way you can coin it
In an early Friday post on Twitter, Trump wrote that her sentence of 63 months in federal prison was unfair and accused Sessions of having a double standard “Gee, this is ‘small potatoes’ compared to what Hillary Clinton did!” he tweeted about Winner, a former National Security Agency contractor who leaked a document about Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election
, published in the Daily Beast, is headlined: “Why the Latino Vote Didn’t Save America ” The sub-headline, “Hispanic voters were supposed to be one of Clinton’s blue firewalls—but one in three ended up splitting for Trump,” is also included in Murillo’s Google email
” He immediately assailed me with a tone of reproach, using these words: “The Bishops in the United States must not be ideologized! They must be shepherds!”Of course I was not in a position to ask for explanations about the meaning of his words and the aggressive way in which he had upbraided me
This was precisely what he’d been saying when he was cardinal and archbishop in Buenos Aires, she said, that no one ever came forward with information, and there were never any cases of clerical abuse in the entirety of the two-million-plus member Archdiocese of Buenos Aires “This isn’t just simply a cover-up of a predator priest,” Yore stated
There are many other examples of Vichy journalism The Guardian, reputedly once a great liberal newspaper, conducted a vendetta against Julian Assange
Sen  Lindsey Graham to committee Democrats: "This is the most unethical sham since I've been in politics
The case of #WalkAway leader Brandon Straka is especially disturbing: he was recently banned by Facebook for the crime of announcing that he would be interviewed by Alex Jones Prager U has had its videos mysteriously disappear off of Facebook and then, only after vociferous protest, re-appear
Antisemitism at McGill does not emerge from a vacuum Rather, it has been nurtured in part by a toxic campus press, especially the McGill Daily, a publication which openly refuses to publish any “Zionist” content
According to Loomer, she obtained the image from a source which shows that Paddock’s car first arrived September 25th The photo even has a handwritten note that was reportedly written by an FBI agent – proving that the FBI specifically lied to the country
I share Pope Paul IV’s view When he heard that the Council was being convened, then-Cardinal Montini is supposed to have sighed, “This holy old boy doesn’t realise what a hornet’s nest he’s stirring up
” “The American people have a right to the truth
But these critics never demonstrate that the oft-cited quotations are apocryphal; they merely assert that they must be, as they seem too probative to be true This is often done in comment boxes or responses to online queries at neo-Catholic websites, wherein the neo-Catholic commentator professes he can find no source for a given quotation—meaning he hasn’t bothered to do any serious investigation beyond a few Google searches
There will be no turning back What were the historic blunders?
Even today, there is little value in opposing the threat of a closed society by imitating its arbitrary restrictions Even today, there is little value in insuring the survival of our nation if our traditions do not survive with it
“If the police have some fear, I understand that fear,” Willis said “We seem to have an overabundance of bad police
Oswald is immediately arrested He has confederates firing from the front, who almost certainly are Soviet and Cuban communists, especially since Oswald has supposedly just recently visited the Soviet and Cuban embassies in Mexico City
“Father” Martin now confidently declares, sixteen years after the “pedophile summit,” that “The idea of a purge of gay priests is both ridiculous and dangerous Any purge would empty parishes and religious orders of the thousands of priests and bishops who lead healthy lives of service and faithful lives of celibacy
” That will make for an exciting show on C-SPAN but none of this would be happening if the deep state plot to “stop” Trump had succeeded
(The Dutch media now claim that one of them doesn’t depict Muslim migrants being violent, as was claimed Even if this is true, Muslim migrant violence is a grim and increasingly common reality in Europe
But we can certainly think of many, many who spent their lives and vocations blatantly denying and undermining the Catholic Faith – academic theologians, religious, priests, bishops and cardinals around the world – with never a peep of protest from Rome Moreover, the scandalous pack of frauds we currently have in the episcopate is entirely the product of the “arch-conservative” John Paul II and the “Rottweiler” Benedict XVI pontificates
The interviewer pointed out that there is absolutely no evidence in the book to support its claims When asked for any proof for his assertion Harding defensively says that he is just "storytelling" - in other words: it is fiction
And while you are at it, don’t overlook the federal Congress No wonder Dianne Feinstein looked so deliriously (and devilishly) happy when Trump uttered his stupid comment about gun confiscation and said he wanted to bring an assault weapons ban (Feinstein’s bill) into proposed gun control legislation
Authorities found all the children living in deplorable living conditions after raiding the property looking specifically for a three-year-old boy According to The Daily Caller, the police didn’t find the little boy, named Abdul-Ghani Wahhaj, but they did discover 11 other children between the ages of one and 15-years-old being held in the “saddest living conditions and poverty I have seen,” Taos County Sheriff Jerry Hogrefe said in a statement posted to the agency’s Facebook page Saturday
The report, which would mark the culmination of Mueller and his team’s investigation into alleged Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election and potential obstruction of justice, has for many months kicked off round after round of speculation among the media and political class about when, exactly, it will finally be delivered to the Justice Department This week, the President of the United States himself joined in on the anxious anticipation and the Mueller report guessing game
Investigators also speculated that a flawed spy device could be behind the victims' ailments in Cuba The US expelled 15 Cuban diplomats from the US after the alleged acoustic attacks
As to Bergoglio in particular, he courageously states openly the truth that so many of his brethren know but fear to speak in public: I want to recall this indefectible truth of the Church’s holiness to the many people who have been so deeply scandalized by the abominable and sacrilegious behavior of the former Archbishop of Washington, Theodore McCarrick; by the grave, disconcerting and sinful conduct of Pope Francis and by the conspiracy of silence of so many pastors, and who are tempted to abandon the Church, disfigured by so many ignominies
Clearly, they were acting unlawfully when they did what they did "I thought my life was over," Wilson said after his attorneys told him he didn't fair well going up against the government
As I and Stephen Cohen have emphasized, the danger of nuclear war is today far higher than ever during the long Cold War as there is today no trust whatsoever between the two governments Donald Trump is totally correct that nuclear war would be a terminable event and that nothing is more important than restoring a cooperative and mutually respectful relationship between the US and Russia
Trump, by declaring normalization of relations as one of his two principal goals for his presidency, earned the emnity of the powerful military/security complex By defeating Hillary for the presidency, Trump inflamed the US media’s hatred, committed as the presstitutes are to Identity Politics and hatred of the “white male oppressors” who elected Trump
Its job is to shore up a consensus on the left for attacks on leading threats to the existing, neoliberal order: whether they are a platform like Wikileaks promoting whistle-blowing against a corrupt western elite; or a politician like Jeremy Corbyn seeking to break apart the status quo on the rapacious financial industries or Israel-Palestine; or a radical leader like Hugo Chavez who threatened to overturn a damaging and exploitative US dominance of “America’s backyard”; or social media dissidents who have started to chip away at the elite-friendly narratives of corporate media, including the Guardian The Guardian did not make a mistake in vilifying Assange without a shred of evidence
But Hillary Clinton is running around free, to this day And that is what Saucier is so burnt about, with good reason
In addition to covert transfers of materials and technology to Iran in violation of the nuclear deal, the JCPOA may provide a loophole for Iran to exploit in outsourcing some of the development work to North Korea for hard currency, which North Korea desperately needs They are a perfect match for each other
This is a disgrace Have you ever heard of a close election in which a recount and “found” ballots gave the Republican victory?
World Health Chief: Global Pandemic Imminent According to a World Health Organization doctor, a global pandemic is imminent, and no one will be prepared for it when it hits
Attorney General Barr must release the full report to the public The American people deserve to know the facts
 Department of Justice, former FBI Director James Comey and former President Barack Obama as defendants, among others “They interpreted the law in my case to say it was criminal,” Saucier told Fox News, referring to prosecuting authorities in his case, “but they didn’t prosecute Hillary Clinton
Decisions aren’t being made with the best interest of humanity at heart, and this is why the system is failing because it’s not actually for the people Today the path to total dictatorship in the U
What is new is the seeming acceptance of sin by some in the Church, and the apparent efforts to cover over sin by them and others Unless and until we take seriously our call to sanctity, we, as an institution and as individuals, will continue to suffer the “wages of sin
Furthermore, Orban has also called out the man behind the curtain in a lot of the promoting of this Muslim invasion of the West, George Soros Anti-jihadist activist Pamela Geller praised Orban for his honesty and wrote, "At last, a politician who speaks the truth about the Muslim invasion of Europe
There is a certain comfort level with sin that has come to pervade our teaching, our preaching, our decision making, and our very way of living If you’ll permit me, what the Church needs now is more hatred!
Speaking to Catholic News Agency, Monsignor Jean-François Lantheaume, who served as first Counsellor of the Nunciature in Washington, confirmed that “Viganò said the truth That’s all,” when he stated in his sworn account that Nuncio Pietro Sambi conveyed to McCarrick at the Nunciature in Washington the sanctions that had been imposed on him by Pope Benedict—sanctions Bergoglio ignored for five years until forced to act by a worldwide storm of outrage
Ms Geller, of the Atlas Shrugs blog, and Mr Spencer, of Jihad Watch, are also co-founders of the American Freedom Defense Initiative, best known for a pro-Israel "Defeat Jihad" poster campaign on the New York subway On both of their blogs the pair called their bans from entering the UK "a striking blow against freedom" and said the "the nation that gave the world the Magna Carta is dead"
It is said that they annihilated 50-100 hundred million, but nobody ever mentions this […] “Was there annihilation?
It was a jihad training camp Raising an army for jihad slaughter
Let the thing die of its own excesses, for as the “little synod” [the 2002 “pedophile summit”] demonstrates, the men who control this establishment will never restore it to anything resembling the vibrant Church that a long line of militant, uncompromising Popes delivered into their hands at Vatican II For heaven’s sake, the men who govern the Church today require a Vatican summit meeting to agonize over whether serial child molesters should be defrocked
“UK ambassador conveys concerns over Trump retweet to White House,” by Rowena Mason, Guardian, November 30, 2017: …Chris Bryant, a senior Labour backbencher, has written to May urging her to go further, and issue an official ban on Donald Trump from entering the UK on the grounds he is condoning fascism and his presence is “not conducive to the public good”, a senior Labour MP has said
Senator Feinstein had initially resisted sharing the contents of the letter with her fellow Democrat members of the Senate Judiciary Committee or to go public with its existence because “the incident was too distant in the past to merit public discussion” and she had already “taken care of it,” according to a source quoted by The New Yorker Nevertheless, Senator Feinstein evidently bowed to pressure from her leftist colleagues to find a way to insert the allegation into the cesspool of public gossip at the eleventh hour
The other doesn't Maybe Ellison is attempting to pull an Obama
Number one is, if you look at President Obama versus President Trump, there’s no question that President Obama was more cooperative with and collaborative with Russia and the Russian agenda than President Trump President Trump has sent lethal arms to Ukraine—a crucial issue for Putin—which President Obama refused to do
Despite cops rallying behind the blue line to defend this killer cop, the rest of the country is not buying it In a damning tweet, writer Kashana Cauley summed up the nature of the smear campaign quite succinctly
Under her lead the paper took a new direction While it earlier made attempts to balance its shoddier side with some interesting reporting, it is now solidly main stream in the worst sense
On Wednesday, McGill Principal Suzanne Fortier said the University wants to ensure a safe space for all students “I would like to take this opportunity to make it clear that there is absolutely no place for anti-Semitism at McGill University and that, as principal and vice-chancellor, I will remain vigilant to ensure that all members of our community feel safe, welcomed and respected on our campuses
One of the things I’ve been saying is a blessing in disguise, and an enormous relief, about the Bergoglian era is that we can finally leave behind us the absurd situation of the Wojtyla/Ratzinger era We were expected for all those years to pretend we were in the “New Springtime of Vatican II,” while we watched these wolves in shepherds’ clothing eating the sheep
You don't drain the swamp by appointing the swamp And Powell is one of the worst swamp creatures in D
Just as Faggioli fears, many in the up-and-coming generation of Catholic clergy and laity recognize the obvious: that the conciliar texts, for all their prolix repetition of traditional teaching, opened the way to ecclesial disaster Because in those texts—above all Gaudium et Spes, Dignitatis Humanae, Unitatis Redintegratio, Nostra Aetate and Sacrosanctum Concilium—the Council verbally prostrated itself before “the modern world” and the practitioners of other religions while authorizing Bugnini (Secretary of the liturgical Preparatory Commission that drafted what would become Sacrosanctum Concilium) to begin demolition of the sacred liturgy that was the very foundation Catholic of orthodoxy and orthopraxis
That should be big news It’s essentially an admission of guilt, given that it is absolutely ludicrous to think that “national security” would be threatened by the release of the CIA’s long-secret JFK-assassination-related records
Also be aware that there a few racial slurs in the video Disturbing video of young Trump Supporter having his MAGA hat stolen and a drink thrown in his face
While the preliminary report indicated the Paddock died of a gun shot wound to the head through the mouth, it's all the details that aren't given that seem to be problematic for the coroner to release By the way, the toxicology report was not mentioned in the preliminary report
As a result, the judge imposed significantly lesser sentences The previous administration, however, filed an overzealous appeal that resulted in the Hammonds being d to five years in prison
Mark Shea, easily the most insufferable of the neo-Catholic polemicists, has quickly followed Winters and Allen in trying to cast doubt on Viganò ’s claims Ignoring eleven pages of detail, written and published under oath, he suggests there has been no “Documentation
 market, get a strong hold on our uranium, and without a doubt we knew they were using political levers to try to get their way here We are talking about control, like this document says, they are trying to gain control of our markets
Kavanaugh even responded by pointing out that even her friends said they don't recall such an incident and had literally hundreds of people commend his character as the direct opposite of what Ford claims As I've said before, I don't support Kavanaugh's appointment to the Supreme Court on the grounds of lack of constitutional rulings, but that attack on him was orchestrated, it was political and Ford was a part of it
” The Catholic Church appears to have adopted that statement as its policy regarding Muslim persecution of Christians “Leave them; they are blind guides
New charges were filed against the devout (“extremist)” Muslims For years, the FBI and local law enforcement did nothing about this jihad compound, despite tips and numerous calls from concerned citizens
At this rate, they’ll soon have unquestioned access to the minds of more than 2 billion people And this should terrify everyone who wants to be free to question the status quo and to seek a wide range of information
No sane person is saying that the West should go to war with the entire Islamic world The likeliest interpretation of his statement is that he is saying that we must not speak about how jihadis find justification for their actions in the Qur’an and Sunnah, as that will alienate the “moderates
These are willing to live in the freest country in the world as long as it is not them that have to sacrifice to maintain it There is also a group of people out there that have to be friends with everyone (and have to apologize to any that they may have told the truth lest they should convict them unto godly repentance (2 Corinthians 7:10) as they congregate week after week deceiving themselves into believing that they are demanding a lawful change just as long as it does not offend anyone (Matthew 5:10)
It’s all a MISTRANSLATION! Thus, it took more than a year-and-a-half for the Factory to roll out the old reliable “mistranslation” defense to explain away the infamous paragraph 303 of Amoris Laetita (AL), which reads as follows in the official English translation on the Vatican website:
He was their inside boy, after all But the real irony here is that the media labeled Paul Joseph Watson and Infowars as "conspiracy theorists" and yet, PJW has exposed their blatant conspiracy to smear President Trump, Sarah Sanders and the White House aide
Smith adds that because not all Democratic voters are the same, that the Gillum campaign needs to appeal to “white guilt” to turn out the vote: SMITH: “You have to appeal to white guilt… [be]cause that’s what it is
Upon them rests the curse of Allah, of the Angels and of man collectively We must not think that we are at war with the entire religion
As Miller put it, she was “directly involved in its controversial interrogation program” and had an “extensive role” in torturing detainees Even more troubling, she “had run a secret prison in Thailand” — part of the CIA’s network of “black sites” — “where two detainees were subjected to waterboarding and other harsh techniques
How probable is it that a future GOP presidential candidate will revive the Bush-Boehner agenda the party rejected in 2016, run on it, win, and impose it on the party and nation? Bush-Boehner Republicanism appears to be as dead today as was Harding-Coolidge Republicanism after 1933
And, according to the latest reports, are still looking for a motive for the shooting The Las Vegas Security Guard Credited With Finding Shooter, Mysteriously Vanished Into Thin Air
Comfort? What about Judge Kavanaugh's comfort in being put through the ringer without a shred of evidence, Senator Flake?
When the Libyan President was murdered publicly and gruesomely with a knife, Clinton was filmed whooping and cheering Thanks largely to her, Libya became a breeding ground for ISIS and other jihadists
Assange does not ask for special treatment The government has clear diplomatic and moral obligations to protect Australian citizens abroad from gross injustice: in Julian’s case, from a gross miscarriage of justice and the extreme danger that await him should he walk out of the Ecuadorean embassy in London unprotected
In his 2005 book Memory and Identity, John Paul referred to homosexuality as an “ideology of evil,” insisting of so-called 'gay marriage' that: “It is legitimate and necessary to ask oneself if this is not perhaps part of a new ideology of evil, perhaps more insidious and hidden, which attempts to pit human rights against the family and man
Mike Pompeo, Director of the CIA, will become our new Secretary of State He will do a fantastic job!
Will they support a clash with NATO ally Turkey, to keep armed Kurds on Turkey's border, when the Turks regard them as terrorists? Are we prepared for a shooting war with a Syrian army, backed by Russia, Iran, Hezbollah and Shiite militias from Iraq, Afghanistan and Pakistan, to hold onto a fourth of Syria's territory in alliance with Kurds?
9: 22,27), but now with the possibility of eternal bliss in heaven This possibility is owed, furthermore, to a death by one of the cruelest means ever devised, unjustly inflicted on one supremely innocent Man who was God, in a miscarriage of human justice beyond any the world could ever have imagined
1 points for native-born Americans This marks the second straight month in which native-born LPRs have risen, year-over-year, relative to those of immigrants ADVANTAGE AMERICANS
Sound familiar? Where is the voice of conscience to condemn what is happening to Julian Assange, whose only “crime” is publishing documents exposing the criminal activities and corruption of governments and other Establishment elites?
 Jacob Hornberger Check Amazon for Pricing Not surprisingly, the mainstream media isn’t even questioning that ludicrous notion
It’s got to be either one of the stupidest acts that I can recall or a very wicked plan by Washington neocons to sabotage Korean peace talks How else to describe the decision by Big Brother USA and junior sidekick South Korea to stage major air force exercises on North Korea’s border
) Lyndon Johnson telephones Dallas District Attorney Henry Wade on the night of the assassination and orders him to shut down any investigation of a conspiracy because it might lead to nuclear war
C , February 12, 2018 (LifeSiteNews) – Those familiar with Jorge Bergoglio in Argentina before he became Pope Francis say it is a “classic” move of his to provide “mercy” to clergy who are sexual predators while asking everybody else to simply “move on,” said attorney and child advocate Elizabeth Yore on an EWTN show last week
We all know who these noble and courageous individuals are – and some of them are referenced in this article The government must also bring in brave Muslim individuals who genuinely reject Jihad and empower them in propagating their anti-jihadist vision for Islam
What does all this mean? Well, it's pretty simple, and I highly recommend the Wired article, which is quite lengthy and has lots of information, but what this does is demonstrates that the genie is out of the bottle and there is just no way for gun grabbing Communists the world over to be able to truly enforce their unlawful acts of fun gun confiscation
Rep  Keith Ellison (D-MN), aka Hakim Muhammad, recently defended his ties to Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan, who recently paralleled Jews with termites
However, unlike government schools, my curriculum never puts ideological indoctrination ahead of education While government schools — and even many private schools — pretend religion played no significant role in history, my curriculum addresses the crucial role religion played in the development of Western civilization
Alex Bastian of the San Francisco prosecutor’s office told reporters the verdict “was not the one we were hoping for,” but the Steinle family could be forgiven for any reasonable doubts about the prosecution “We’re just shocked — saddened and shocked 
You may love him for various reasons, you may miss him by contrast, but you may not excuse the responsibility he has He walked away from his family, leaving the door open to an abusive stepfather, and he watches his children beaten and led astray not just in silence, but in apparent contentment
America's Immigration Voice. Kritarch Patti Saris, who thinks it is the job of District Court judges to micromanage the deportation system of the United States, got her wish
] Editors’ note: In light of the skyrocketing phenomenon of Muslim migrants stabbing unbelievers in random stabbing sprees in Europe, as well as the calculated denial that leaders, authorities and media are enforcing about it, Frontpage has deemed it important to bring attention to the crucial steps America and the West must take to robustly confront the unceasing onslaught by Jihad and its leftist enablers
” “One other thing that is very striking to me is the complete loss of our rights
He said that on Trump’s instruction, he paid off two women who were claiming sexual affairs with Trump The intricacies of American laws relating to politics are often unclear
Statement from CNN and @Acosta on today’s ruling: “We are gratified with this result and we look forward to a full resolution in the coming days Our sincere thanks to all who have supported not just CNN, but a free, strong and independent American press
On the other hand, it knows that by seeking continued secrecy, it’s essentially an implicit acknowledgment of guilt Not surprisingly, it is choosing the latter course, especially because it knows that its assets and allies in the mainstream press will continue to come to its defense with respect to its ridiculous claim of “national security
" Laura Loomer, a noxious far-right personality who formerly worked for Project Veritas, also started making hay with Haig's background in Arizona aerospace
Former Deputy National Security Advisor for Strategy Dina Habia Powell is rumored to be among the top candidates to replace outgoing United Nations ambassador Nikki Haley after her resignation earlier this week However, it's being reported that Powell is "not interested" in the post, which is a good thing for Americans
“Witness Said Awan Wiretapped Her, Then Bank Account She Controlled Was Drained,” by Luke Rosiak, Daily Caller News Foundation, May 21, 2018 (thanks to Todd): After former Democratic IT aide Imran Awan allegedly threatened his stepmother not to talk to police, her email account was accessed in suspicious ways and a lawyer for one of Awan’s brothers found out she emailed the FBI on specific dates and lashed out at her: “You’re a liar, aren’t you?” Days after that, a bank account the stepmother controlled was almost completely drained through a payment to Imran’s brother, Abid Awan, bank records show — but she said she is too afraid to press criminal charges because she claims he has threatened her
He found a narrative from British counter-jihad groups closely aligned with the alt-right, such as Britain First and the founder of the English Defence League Tommy Robinson ” The British counter-jihad movement is thus swept into the same group of violent extremists as Osborne, because Ganesh “knows” they encouraged him
“How ridiculous to overlook judgment because of kindness then love wounds itself by killing justice!” -Charles Haddon Spurgeon How often I see and hear the professors of Christianity today walking contrary to the word and spirit of the Living Christ (2 Corinthians 3:6)
Whoever the JTA has on the "explain away Farrakhan's Dem fandom" beat is going to be busy again But this is typical of the Dems and their useful idiots
The very word “secrecy” is repugnant in a free and open society; and we are as a people inherently and historically opposed to secret societies, to secret oaths and to secret proceedings We decided long ago that the dangers of excessive and unwarranted concealment of pertinent facts far outweighed the dangers which are cited to justify it
This one is not good If someone is gay and is searching for the Lord and has good will, then who am I to judge him?
Put Pressure on Mosques, Islamic Groups and Schools Authorities have to start subjecting mosques and other Islamic institutions to surveillance — and discard the suicidal leftist notion that it is “racist” and Islamophobic to do so
The scales have fallen from Fisher’s eyes and now, at last, she sees Bergoglio, however grudgingly, for what he is: a power-mad ecclesiastical tyrant (A tyrant, moreover, who has ascended to the papacy in a manner reminiscent of the ascension of the corrupt Benedict IX, another “disgrace to the Chair of Peter,” following the machinations of a Roman cabal, as I discuss below
Nearly five hours of unprecedented and surreal talks between US President Donald Trump and North Korea's Kim Jong Un culminated on Tuesday with fulsome declarations of a new friendship but just vague pledges of nuclear disarmament For Trump, that amounted to a triumphant outcome in his extraordinary gamble with the rogue kingdom's despotic leader
Puerto Rico Hurricane Recovery Worsened By Nearly 1 Million Homes Built Illegally After Hurricane Maria barreled through Puerto Rico in September 2017, it left hundreds of thousands of people displaced and 80 to 90 percent of homes destroyed in some communities
“The Hammonds are multi-generation cattle ranchers in Oregon imprisoned in connection with a fire that leaked onto a small portion of neighboring public grazing land,” the White House said in a statement “[They] are devoted family men, respected contributors to their local community, and have widespread support from their neighbors, local law enforcement, and farmers and ranchers across the West
My decision to reveal those grave facts was for me the most painful and serious decision that I have ever made in my life I made it after long reflection and prayer, during months of profound suffering and anguish, during a crescendo of continual news of terrible events, with thousands of innocent victims destroyed and the vocations and lives of young priests and religious disturbed
Has the move been welcomed? Ryan Petty, whose daughter was among those killed, hailed the House's vote in a tweet
“The Church is in its pastoral care bound to Holy Scripture and to its interpretation through the Church’s Magisterium,” wrote Cordes “Marx does not even mention that homosexuality always contradicts the Will of God,” citing church teaching through the centuries
” Smith says that “the rules in Florida are f***ed up” and that Florida is a “cracker state,” explaining that the Florida legislature has to become racially black for Gillum’s agenda to advance
I think we made the mistake of believing the press We were delighted that the bitterly anti-Catholic media hated and feared him
 A representative of a New York mosque says the raid of a ramshackle compound in New Mexico is being used as propaganda against Muslims Ali Abdul-Karim Judan, a spokesman for the mosque, said in a video posted Thursday on Facebook that the incident was a domestic situation that has nothing to do with extremism
The assault on our country at our Southern Border, including the Criminal elements and DRUGS pouring in, is far more important to me, as President, than Trade or the USMCA Hopefully Mexico will stop this onslaught at their Northern Border
Amazingly, more Ecuadorean Government documents have just been discovered for the Guardian, this time spy agency reports detailing visits of Paul Manafort and unspecified “Russians” to the Embassy By a wonderful coincidence of timing, this is the day after Mueller announced that Manafort’s plea deal was over
com/o64PC7EEFQ — Byron York (@ByronYork) September 19, 2018 In the letter, the lawmakers “express profound alarm” at the decision to “intervene in an ongoing law enforcement investigation that may implicate the President himself or those around him
Instead of depressing diagnoses, encouraging remedies; instead of direful prognostics, messages of trust issued from the council to the present-day world The modern world’s values were not only respected but honored, its efforts approved, its aspirations purified and blessed
Anyhow, they have now released a different photo (above)and it is the same guy, and he is black This goes in our "Black Murders Of White Cops" category, and also in our "Not Reporting Race" category, since except for the photograph, there's no mention of the race issue
And since the official start of the "recovery" in June 2009, Hispanics have gained 416,000 jobs while non-Hispanics have lost 675,000 positions Step back further and the picture is still bleaker
Why did God judge Sodom and Gomorrah? It's the same reason that he is judging America today (Amos 4:12), He cannot find the righteous in order to spare her (Jeremiah 22:3)
Democratize SSMU shamefully highlighted Lew’s ethnicity as a reason for his removal An enlightened, progressive school was suddenly transformed into something harking back to the days of Nazi Germany and the Nuremberg Laws
Officials are working urgently to prevent the disease from spreading beyond Mbandaka, which lies on the Congo River, a busy traffic corridor, and is an hour’s flight from the capital The spread of Ebola from a rural area to Mbandaka has raised alarm as Ebola can spread more quickly in urban centers
Only the headlines The new allegations surfaced yesterday as the Senate Judiciary Committee battens down the hatches for a hearing today to receive oral evidence from the first accuser, Christine Blasey Ford, 51, who claims Kavanaugh, 53, tried to rape her decades ago when he was a high school student
President Trump hired him knowing all of that The administration will now start aggressively moving to deal with the root cause of chaos and violence in the region in a clear-eyed way
New Strzok-Page texts reveal “Media Leak Strategy ” @FoxNews So terrible, and NOTHING is being done at DOJ or FBI – but the world is watching, and they get it completely
S  can be laid by strictly legal means … We have a well-organized political-action group in this country, determined to destroy our Constitution and establish a one-party state … It operates secretly, silently, continuously to transform our Government … This ruthless power-seeking elite is a disease of our century… This group … is answerable neither to the President, the Congress, nor the courts
Even though not everything that’s gone wrong is Trump’s fault, he has managed to make a complete hash of Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination to fill the empty seat on the court It’s a good example of how badly Trump does his job more than a year and a half into his administration
Christopher Chin, head of Homeschool Louisiana, told The Times that parents are fed up with “the violence, the bullying, the unsafe environments ” Many parents are also disturbed by the social engineering, which amounts to brainwashing and indoctrination that goes on in a public school
He went to the White House Press Roast and, after having a nice discussion with Congressman Schiff, he yelled out “What about Julian Assange?” The room was packed full of reporters but Randy was attacked and dragged out It was if everyone there was embarrassed to recognize that one of their brethren was being brutalized
" Furthermore, Orban has also called out the man behind the curtain in a lot of the promoting of this Muslim invasion of the West, George Soros
But they don’t want it to stop For many in Congress, having so many attractive young women around is one of the key benefits of the job
All the talk of Iran and nuclear weapons is without any reference to the biggest nuclear power in the Middle East DB: What would you say have been the contributions that Julian Assange has made in this age of censorship and cowardice in journalism?
Caesar had his Brutus, Charles the first his Cromwell; And George the third- Treason! Cried the speaker- May profit by their example
” The fact that many of these accounts were also suspended by Twitter shortly thereafter should tell you that this is a coordinated effort to silence large swaths of the population
NASA releases images captured at a record-breaking 3.79 billion miles from Earth NASA has a whole lot of fancy image-gathering hardware on Earth and in space, and we’ve seen countless of stunning snapshots taken from here on Earth as well as nearby planets like Mars, Jupiter and Saturn
Why do we believe we live in a democracy when what people want to look at, and what the majority of people want to have done (like GMO-labelling), is completely censored? Why are harmful ‘things’ surrounding us constantly when we have science showing it’s not safe, like cell phone towers etc
He wound up back in prison for eight more years, including long periods of solitary confinement and endured other forms of torture In 1949 he was d to life in a show trial that generated worldwide condemnation
Israel Takes On the Shia Crescent Despite Israel's repeated warnings, Barack Obama's reckless appeasement of the Iranian regime has enabled its rise as a hegemonic threat in the Middle East region as well as a threat to international peace and security
He's worth about $80 million today, aided by an aggressive schedule of speaking events – many of which paid him six-figure fees for individual appearances In a March essay for Vanity Fair magazine, Lewinsky wrote that 'what transpired between Bill Clinton and myself was not sexual assault, although we now recognize that it constituted a gross abuse of power
A rough patch—or a double-dip recession? Economists are increasingly befuddled at what awaits the once-great U
And we need to adamantly defend all the truth-tellers at the very moment they come under attack We also need to contact our representatives and to call for a Congressional investigation into this pernicious assault by the fascist Left on our liberties
Professor John Joe McFadden from the University of Surrey told MailOnline: “Fortunately in [the] plague, it has not developed much antibiotic resistance If that kicks in, the plague will be far, far scarier
Why did God judge Sodom and Gomorrah? It's the same reason that he is judging America today (Amos 4:12), He cannot find the righteous in order to spare her (Jeremiah 22:3)
” That’s just what they claimed about Pamela Geller and me: that our visit could cause violence and disrupt community cohesion
Sodom and Gomorrah was Judged by God Because Men Refused to Keep His Commandments in Dealing with the Wicked! “How ridiculous to overlook judgment because of kindness then love wounds itself by killing justice!” -Charles Haddon Spurgeon
Nothing less will do Bishop Morlino has now done it, and we respectfully demand that the rest of the American bishops either follow suit or face the charge of being complicit with the degenerate and even criminal shepherds, accounts of whose betrayal and vice now dominate the news
The social-media company has told author and commentator Jamie Glazov that their standards forbid his article about how to prevent jihadi attacks on Americans It’s all about Glazov’s new book, “Jihadist Psychopath: How He Is Charming, Seducing, and Devouring Us
Nowhere in Scripture can you find the Lord telling His children to submit to the wicked in disobedience to His Word Nowhere!
Hearing even one of these stories is, quite literally, enough to make someone sick But my own sickness at the stories is quickly put into perspective when I recall the fact that many individuals have lived through them for years
The dhimmi’s payment of his dues by a bill drawn on a Muslim, or by delegating a real believer to pay it in his name will not be tolerated It must be exacted from him directly in order to vilify and humiliate him, so that Islam and its people may be exalted and the race of infidels brought low
Seemingly heedless of these hard facts, President Trump – who himself avoided national military service in the 1960’s – keeps beating the war drums over North Korea and needling its thin-skinned regime with naval exercises, over-flights, and intensifying bombast North Korea’s Kim Jong-un has played right along, clearly relishing his game of chicken with tough-talking Donald Trump
In the process, however, he misidentified Hasan as Nidal Hussein and said the shooting happened at Fort Knox in Kentucky He also said Hasan had died a martyr, though in fact he remains alive on military death row
And Iran has used Syria as a transit point for shipment of sophisticated rockets to Hezbollah in Lebanon for future use against Israeli population centers Despite the fact that Hezbollah has American blood on its hands, the U
As I and Stephen Cohen have emphasized, the danger of nuclear war is today far higher than ever during the long Cold War as there is today no trust whatsoever between the two governments Donald Trump is totally correct that nuclear war would be a terminable event and that nothing is more important than restoring a cooperative and mutually respectful relationship between the US and Russia
We're just days away from seeing how things turn out There's a part of me that thinks this may actually turn out to be one of the biggest turnouts for a mid-term election that we've ever seen, but that's just my gut feeling
They avoid the absolutely necessary direct and public exposure of error at its source That error threatens to overwhelm the Church while they do little more than fret about a situation whose self-evident cause—a reckless Pope in love with his own ideas and filled with contempt for Tradition—they seem incapable of identifying
But every job for Powell is a stepping stone to the next one And the one she has her eyes on now would be an even bigger disaster
Luke Harding and the Guardian Publish Still More Blatant MI6 Lies The right wing Ecuadorean government of President Moreno continues to churn out its production line of fake documents regarding Julian Assange, and channel them straight to MI6 mouthpiece Luke Harding of the Guardian
In discussing the arrival of these migrants who obviously gotten incredible help along the way, busted through customs gates, and pushed at the Mexican border while committing all sorts of crimes against many they come in contact with along the way, Lemon said what is clearly not only racist but utterly insane "We have to stop demonizing people and realize the biggest terror threat in this country is white men, most of them radicalized to the right, and we have to start doing something about them,” Lemon said
Bishop Eleganti’s support of the profession comes just three days after Bishop Athanasius Schneider, auxiliary of Astana, Kazakstan, invited the world’s bishops to sign the document and join in raising a common voice in defense of the sanctity and the indissolubility of marriage “God decides the time, and the time will come when the Pope and the episcopacy again will proclaim, with all clarity, unambiguity and beauty, the sanctity of marriage, and of the family, and of the Eucharist,” Schneider told LifesiteNews in an exclusive Jan
This is precisely because WikiLeaks is producing the kind of journalism that they ought to be doing WikiLeaks has in fact shamed journalists, which might help to explain the deeply personal abuse he has suffered
President Trump took CNN’s improbable court victory temporarily restoring CNN White House correspondent Jim Acosta’s “hard pass” media credential for the executive mansion in stride, vowing to kick Acosta out again in the future if he breaches White House protocol again The yanking of the physical credential, by the way, isn’t exactly a grave hardship
Trump is simply asking for full transparency, in what has become a two year, multi-million dollar witch hunt, to find collusion where there is none This is all you need to know about the hoax that was and is Trump-Russia collusion and the Robert Mueller special counsel investigation
S  involvement in Syria (hello, Russian proxy war), ratcheting pressure on Iran and regime change in North Korea
But after all, what could be more boring than a story than involves a Presidential candidate, the Syrian Christian crook who helped him buy his house, the Nation of Islam, and the most famous boxer of all time? Reading Obama’s 1995 memoir, you might almost get the impression that after a prudent first term, during his second he might side with, I dunno, Black Lives Matter and encourage a wave of black rage and police retreat that drove up the death toll from murder by 20% in his last two years in office, an incremental death toll a little bigger than the U
Merrit cast suspicion on the police for intentionally keeping these protestors in jail to send a message and make an example out of them The reaction from the police, in this case, has shown that they believe they have a license to kill and that they cannot be trusted to monitor themselves and keep one another in check
Mr  Wilson, an avowed anarchist who hopes for a world in which governments can’t stop individuals from getting guns, claimed his First Amendment right to free speech was being violated
” “From day one this case was used as a means to foment hate, to foment division and to foment a program of mass deportation,” added defense attorney Francisco Ugarte
 Bush regime Cheney turned the environmental protection regulatory agencies over to industry polluters
Haley sent a message that UN members will be punished if they push the US around Powell would swiftly undo that
Sen  Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) attacked Democrats, blaming them for the “circus atmosphere that has been created” since they first Ford's allegations to the media “two weeks ago, after sitting on them for six weeks
[3] Otherwise known as the “Permanent Instruction of the Alta Vendita,” a secret document written in the early 19th Century that mapped out a blueprint for the subversion of the Catholic Church The Alta Vendita was the highest lodge of the Carbonari, an Italian secret society with links to Freemasonry and which, along with Freemasonry, was condemned by the Popes
org are preparing new attacks against the Freedom Center and other conservative groups and individuals 24/7 To be sure, the Left's attacks on the David Horowitz Freedom Center continue unabated: just recently a hit piece in the Washington Post smeared a stand-up noble gentleman like Florida Gubernatorial Candidate Republican Ron DeSantis, libeling David Horowitz in the process
Emails obtained by The Hill show that a civil attorney working with the former undercover witness described the pressure the Justice Department exerted to keep the client from disclosing to a federal court what he knew last summer “The government was taking a very harsh position that threatened both your reputation and liberty,” the civil lawyer wrote in one email
It is likely that millions of people took note of its claim But several people who had followed the Russiagate fairytale and the Mueller investigation were immediately suspicious of the Guardian claim
Montini I know him very well
The new wave of allegations has called Pope Francis’s handling of abuse into question as many Catholics look to him to help the church regain its credibility The pope’s track record has been mixed, something some outsiders attribute to his learning curve or shortcomings and others chalk up to resistance from a notoriously change-averse institution
An Anti-Semitic Purge At McGill University ​Despite suffering several public and humiliating reversals in various forums and venues, those pushing for boycotts, divestment and sanctions (BDS) against Israel have not dispensed with their pernicious campaign of hate
S  District Judge Patti Saris in Boston expressed concern the Indonesians could be deported before their administrative appeals were finished, given their claims they could face religious persecution in the world’s largest majority-Muslim nation
Former Deputy National Security Advisor for Strategy Dina Habia Powell is rumored to be among the top candidates to replace outgoing United Nations ambassador Nikki Haley after her resignation earlier this week However, it's being reported that Powell is "not interested" in the post, which is a good thing for Americans
In one photo in particular, a white piece of paper or notepad on a side table next to a chair is visible, which caused some to speculate that it may have been a suicide note Soon after the photos were leaked, Twitter was abuzz with chatter referencing the paper, with people spreading cover-up conspiracies and rumors that it was a suicide note
The anger of the laity over the McCarrick situation is boiling over into the Twitter feed of the people we still call “the good bishops” Bishop Thomas Tobin of Providence RI, - nicknamed the “Good Tobin” in contrast to the “Bad Tobin” and FrancisCardinal, Joseph Tobin of Newark – got quite an earful when he tweeted the other day, “Despite the egregious offenses of a few, and despite the faults and sins we all have, I’m very proud of my brother bishops and I admire and applaud the great work they do everyday for Christ and His Church
Obama recollects Farrakhan’s black nationalist capitalist campaign to get black people to use toothpaste manufactured by black-owned businesses Farrakhan’s eventual failure suggests to Obama that’s there is more economic upside for blacks in shaking down white institutions than in building their own
That clear partisanship should be no surprise, given that Higgins now enjoys an “academic” position at, and funding from, the Atlantic Council, a high-level, Washington-based think-tank founded to drum up support for NATO and justify its imperialist agenda Improbably, the Guardian has adopted Higgins as the poster-boy for a supposed citizen journalism it has sought to undermine as “fake news” whenever it occurs on social media without the endorsement of state-backed organisations
DB: His journalistic brethren are sounding like his prosecutors They want to get behind Russia-gate freaks like Congressman Adam Schiff and Mike Pompeo, who would like to see Assange in jail forever or even executed
” Good luck with that!
When Harold Pinter accepted the Nobel Prize for Literature in 2005, he referred to “a vast tapestry of lies up on which we feed” He asked why “the systematic brutality, the widespread atrocities, the ruthless suppression of independent thought” of the Soviet Union were well known in the West while America’s imperial crimes “never happened … even while [they] were happening, they never happened
Why are the people responsible for these wars still being listened to, rather than confessing their sins at second-thoughts conferences? The GOP elite also played a crucial role in throwing open U
As I wrote in my October 11 article, “Will Trump Make a Deal with the CIA on JFK Records?,” the CIA is between a rock and a hard place On the one hand, it knows that those records will further implicate the CIA in the Kennedy assassination
Not So Fast It’s got to be either one of the stupidest acts that I can recall or a very wicked plan by Washington neocons to sabotage Korean peace talks
On the eve of a historic Supreme Court confirmation hearing, two more women have materialized out of thin air to accuse President Trump’s high court nominee Brett Kavanaugh of sexual improprieties – bringing the total number of accusers to four Even more eleventh-hour character-assassination attempts may be coming given the enraged Left’s determination to prevent the judge’s ascent to the Supreme Court at all costs
Strzok has argued that he was just trying to reassure Page that Trump couldn’t win, and that he wasn’t implying that they would take action to stop his election But it wasn’t just Page and Strzok, there were FIVE other investigators on the Clinton case who expressed overtly political views in support of Clinton and/or against Trump… DURING the investigation
But the purpose of any secret, including the pontifical secret, is to protect the Church from her enemies, not to cover up and become complicit in crimes committed by some of her members I was a witness, not by my choice, of shocking facts and, as the Catechism of the Catholic Church states (par
” She describes the nominee as “Brett Kavanaugh, the boy who sexually assaulted me,” and claims “Brett’s assault on me drastically altered my life,” but at the same time acknowledges “Brett did not rape me
We are, therefore, reprinting below Frontpage editor Jamie Glazov’s July 12, 2016 Breitbart article, "9 Steps to Successfully Counter Jihad" Having written the article in the closing chapter of the disastrous Obama administration, the author recognizes and celebrates the life-saving turn-around disposition that the Trump administration has brought in to counter Jihad
Some of these norms, Schneider told LifeSiteNews, give “implicit approval” of divorce and of sexual activity outside a valid marriage Such a reading is causing “rampant confusion,” will spread “a plague of divorce” in the Church, and is “alien” to the Church’s entire faith and Tradition, the three bishops said in the profession
” Are these really the values the US should be promoting?
What does all this mean? Well, it's pretty simple, and I highly recommend the Wired article, which is quite lengthy and has lots of information, but what this does is demonstrates that the genie is out of the bottle and there is just no way for gun grabbing Communists the world over to be able to truly enforce their unlawful acts of fun gun confiscation
Because in those texts—above all Gaudium et Spes, Dignitatis Humanae, Unitatis Redintegratio, Nostra Aetate and Sacrosanctum Concilium—the Council verbally prostrated itself before “the modern world” and the practitioners of other religions while authorizing Bugnini (Secretary of the liturgical Preparatory Commission that drafted what would become Sacrosanctum Concilium) to begin demolition of the sacred liturgy that was the very foundation Catholic of orthodoxy and orthopraxis To quote Paul VI, then in the depths of his conciliar delirium at the Council’s close:
He himself said: “No one defends Islam like Arab Christians ” It is to defend Islam that Western clerics do not raise their voice against such acts of brutality
Members from one of the migrant caravans finally reached the US border on Tuesday Videos were captured and Border Patrol agents were on the scene as they were witnessed climbing effortlessly up the wall and standing and sitting atop it
Then again, the Pharisees are precisely the ones Our Lord condemned for accommodating divorce and remarriage in violation of the natural law But such embarrassing truths need not impede the Bergoglian Mercy Train as it barrels toward a train wreck at the end of the line
The prime minister of Australia was then Julia Gillard, a Labor Party politician who had declared WikiLeaks “illegal” and wanted to cancel Assange’s passport — until she was told she could not do this: that Assange had committed no crime: that WikiLeaks was a publisher, whose work was protected under Article 19 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, to which Australia was one of the original signatories In abandoning Assange, an Australian citizen, and colluding in his persecution, Prime Minister Gillard’s outrageous behaviour forced the issue of his recognition, under international law, as a political refugee whose life was at risk
How was he allowed to go on molesting young priests and seminarians when virtually the entire Church hierarchy knew what he was up to? And how was such a depraved individual ordained in the first place, let alone promoted to Cardinal-Archbishop of Washington?
 Conference of Catholic Bishops and the hierarchy elsewhere as well The bishops of the Catholic Church are much more concerned that you believe that Islam is a religion of peace than that you believe in, say, the Nicene Creed
After several paragraphs of platitudes about “community cohesion” and “diversity”, it says “this Council notes with shock and alarm the decision by Donald Trump, President of the United States, to ‘retweet’ Islamophobic propaganda from the Britain First Twitter account” It also bemoans that he has allegedly “bigoted attitude towards women, ethnic minorities and Muslims which has resulted in examples of division and hatred within the USA and beyond” and attacks his “illogical” decision to move the U
” As a result, he was forced to resign his position as an SSMU director but dodged an impeachment effort to have him stripped of his position at McGill’s Arts Undergraduate Society Sadikov made light of his “punch a Zionist” tweet calling it a “misguided joke
The infection can be transmitted from person to person via airborne droplets from coughing or sneezing The incubation period is extremely short too, and an infected person may die within 12 to 24 hours of contracting the bacteria making cures in underdeveloped regions of the globe difficult at best
“I think we are all counting on the district attorney, on those in positions of trust and power right now, to do the right thing,” O’Rourke said, implying that, at the very minimum, Amber Guyger should be fired “There has to be a full accounting for how young black men continue to be killed in this country without accountability, without justice, without these full investigations, without respecting their civil rights
The results have been unmitigated disaster after disaster Unleashing terrorists on Iran to overthrow its government is not only illegal and immoral: it’s also incredibly stupid
DB: His journalistic brethren are sounding like his prosecutors They want to get behind Russia-gate freaks like Congressman Adam Schiff and Mike Pompeo, who would like to see Assange in jail forever or even executed
SPECIAL REPORT: Pope Francis Accused of Inaction in Notorious Sex Abuse Cases The incident was brief: on the Thursday of the pope’s week-long South American trip, in response to an impromptu question tossed out by a Chilean reporter, the pope responded in what one reporter described as a “snippy tone”: “The day I see proof against Bishop Barros, then I will talk
The teenager said his mother and others at the compound told him not to talk to anyone about the three-year-old ever being at the compound because they would “all go to jail ” Defense lawyers have said that the five adults were exercising their constitutional rights to practice their religion and own firearms, and that the group is being discriminated against because they are black and Muslim
Inspector General Michael Horowitz’ report on the FBI’s handling of the Clinton email investigation has finally been released to the public and while it does indeed lambaste former FBI Director James Comey for his terrible judgment and handling of the Clinton investigation, it stops short of blaming it all on politics Horowitz’ report not only slams Comey, but it also criticizes former Attorney General Loretta Lynch, and immoral FBI philanderers Peter Strzok and Lisa Page
“My case was usually something handled by military courts,” he said “They used me as an example because of [the backlash over] Hillary Clinton,” he continued, alleging his life was ruined for political reasons
Motivated, therefore, by love and concern for souls, I stand with those calling for justice to be done upon the guilty The sins and crimes of McCarrick, and of far too many others in the Church, bring suspicion and mistrust upon many good and virtuous priests, bishops, and cardinals, and suspicion and mistrust upon many great and respectable seminaries and so many holy and faithful seminarians
Why did God judge Sodom and Gomorrah? It's the same reason that he is judging America today (Amos 4:12), He cannot find the righteous in order to spare her (Jeremiah 22:3)
In a damning tweet, writer Kashana Cauley summed up the nature of the smear campaign quite succinctly In response to cops claiming to find a tiny bit of weed, she pointed out that there was also a homicidal cop inside too
In fact, there are so many unanswered questions that the Drudge Report even linked to an article asking them directly As noted above, at this point literally every piece of so-called evidence put forth by authorities and then regurgitated by the mainstream media cannot be trusted and should be considered as disinformation until proven otherwise
 employment rose steadily, albeit erratically, throughout the Obama years It fell sharply in the months after the 2016 election, but roared back to Obama-era levels in the spring
Lew shared the experience on Facebook “I have no doubt from the information circulated about me and campaign run against me prior to this vote that this was about my Jewish identity, and nothing more,” wrote Lew
 lawyer and the vice chair of the board of the Project On Government Oversight POGO co-signed a letter to Senator Dianne Feinstein and Senator Grassley along with a variety of lefty groups demanding Kavanaugh records
2 million doses of antibiotics to fight the disease while the Red Cross has been training hundreds of volunteers on the island to publicize preventative measures Deadly Plague Could MUTATE And Become Untreatable As It Spreads Globally
” “Policies like background checks on all gun sales and Red Flag Laws save lives,” said Karen Freeman-Wilson, mayor of Gary, Indiana, and chair of the conference’s criminal and social justice committee
Now that President Trump is trying to clean up the mess Obama and Kerry left him, Kerry has the gall to label President Trump’s decision a "reckless abandonment of facts in favor of ego and ideology" and to accuse the Trump administration of “lying to the American people ” It was the Obama administration that recklessly abandoned the facts in pressing ahead with the deal
At no time was Assange offered the right of reply to this shocking interview, which Australia’s publicly-funded state broadcaster had a duty to give him As if that wasn’t enough, Ferguson’s executive producer, Sally Neighour, followed the interview with a vicious re-tweet: “Assange is Putin’s bitch
The voice of thy brother’s blood crieth to me from the earth,” and God curses him for his presumption by dooming him to homelessness and unproductive labor When Cain complains that being a “vagabond 
S  Hamid, if he cared about this, would be confronting honestly the teachings of Islam that make Ramadan the month of jihad, and working to reform them
The Holy Spirit is given to the Church, and particularly to yourself, to dispel error, not to foster it [Y]ou seem to censor and even mock those who interpret Chapter 8 of "Amoris Laetitia" in accord with Church tradition as Pharisaic stone-throwers who embody a merciless rigorism
A virtuoso performance-liar Looking back and carefully examining his record, Jorge Bergoglio’s mastery of using the weaknesses of morally compromised men is becoming evident
“I consider it a truly grand thing,” Wilson says “It will be an irrevocable part of political life that guns are downloadable, and we helped to do that
I do not say that all [Novus Ordo] Masses are invalid I do not say that
Iran is not an actual threat to the united States However, the US seems hell-bent on continuing to put its nose into other countries politics, including seeking to change its government while hypocritically pointing at other countries for trying to manipulate our own political system
The virus is spread through direct contact with the blood or secretions of an infected person So, is the Ebola virus reaching a terrifying enough level that an experimental vaccine is warranted?
We need to intervene where evil is spreading; for evil spreads where daring Christians who oppose evil with good are lacking ” [emphasis in original] If this is rightly to be considered a serious moral responsibility for every believer, how much graver is it for the Church’s supreme pastor, who in the case of McCarrick not only did not oppose evil but associated himself in doing evil with someone he knew to be deeply corrupt
” Candidate’s True Politics: “Gillum is a Progressive” and “He is a part of the crazy, crazy, crazies
co/Q5OT6zPpOg — Julián Castro (@JulianCastro) March 22, 2019 Attorney General Barr—release the Mueller report to the American public
As recently as seventeen years ago, during the reign of John Paul II, the Pontifical Council for the Interpretation of Legislative texts reaffirmed the immutable truth reflected in Canon 915, which prohibits the administration of Holy Communion to those “who obstinately persist in manifest grave sin ” That prohibition, declared the Pontifical Council, applies to the divorced and “remarried” not as a matter of mere disciplinary law subject to revocation or modification, but rather “is derived from divine law and transcends the domain of positive ecclesiastical laws; [and] the latter cannot introduce legislative changes which would oppose the doctrine of the Church
Any other problems? Commission members said bishops should call the police when they discovered predator priests, rather than phone the nearest religious retreat to “park” the priest out of harm’s way
I am tired of sin And, as one who has tried — despite my many imperfections — to lay down my life for Christ and His Church, I am tired of the regular violation of sacred duties by those entrusted with immense responsibility from the Lord for the care of His people
Yesterday, the alternative media purge was boldly advanced in a coordinated effort to silence people who dissent from establishment views It’s just one more step toward a monopoly on information by those who hate freedom
”… Robinson was arrested, tried, and d to 13 months within an hour for simply reporting outside a criminal trial involving a Muslim rape gang at Leeds Crown Court
 Trump’s withdrawal The head of Iran’s nuclear agency, Ali Akbar Salehi, said Tehran is prepared to dramatically increase its capacity for enrichment but that the work so far is limited to building a facility for assembling the centrifuges
In Asia, preserving ‘face’ is essential Trump completely ignored America’s two old allies after his meeting with Kim – who routinely blasts Japan and South Korea as ‘America’s stooges
" Senator Lindsey Graham Unleashes Firestorm At Democrat Senators For "Most Unethical Sham" Since He's Been In Politics
] Editors’ note: In light of the skyrocketing phenomenon of Muslim migrants stabbing unbelievers in random stabbing sprees in Europe, as well as the calculated denial that leaders, authorities and media are enforcing about it, Frontpage has deemed it important to bring attention to the crucial steps America and the West must take to robustly confront the unceasing onslaught by Jihad and its leftist enablers
” But he had more to add “As with any disease, it’s a real worry that it mutates and become untreatable,” Hunter said
It has been said many times that the sex abuse crisis has created a massive loss of trust in prelates among the Catholic faithful, and this is true With a professional confidence trickster on the papal throne, blatantly using lies and manipulation to maintain power and ram through an agenda at radical variance with Catholic doctrine, how long before that predictable disintegration occurs?
The Guardian’s coverage of Latin America, especially of populist leftwing governments that have rebelled against traditional and oppressive US hegemony in the region, has long grated with analysts and experts Its especial venom has been reserved for leftwing figures like Venezuela’s Hugo Chavez, democratically elected but official enemies of the US, rather than the region’s rightwing authoritarians beloved of Washington
There were Jews in the Islamic countries and caliphates as well, but we never killed them just for being Jews No, it never happened
We’re dealing with probably between 1,200 and 1,400 calls and emails per month, and prior to that it was 600 to 700 ” But according to Natural News, it isn’t just the rampant violence worrying some parents
“Trump was responding to comments from Vice President Pence that families and local law enforcement should have more tools to report potentially dangerous individuals with weapons “‘Allow due process so no one’s rights are trampled, but the ability to go to court, obtain an order and then collect not only the firearms but any weapons,’ Pence said
In no uncertain terms, this letter, bearing Benedict's signature, affirms that “there is an internal continuity between the two pontificates ” Whether Benedict actually wrote this letter or not, it gives rise to a number of grave questions that need to be answered rather urgently before history closes the book on this commedia diabolica
The Mueller probe saw several within Trump's orbit indicted, but not Trump’s family or Trump himself Some notable figures who have pleaded guilty in charges stemming from Mueller’s investigation are Trump’s former personal attorney Michael Cohen, Trump’s former campaign chairman Paul Manafort, and former White House National Security Adviser Michael Flynn
Being Skeptical Of Documented Liars Attacking a Supreme Court Nominee Is A Good Thing - Here's Why If you don’t like President Trump and can’t understand how anyone could, look no further than the past week for an excellent example of what on Earth could’ve made a man promising to Drain the Swamp so popular
Sodom and Gomorrah was Judged by God Because Men Refused to Keep His Commandments in Dealing with the Wicked! “How ridiculous to overlook judgment because of kindness then love wounds itself by killing justice!” -Charles Haddon Spurgeon
It may even prove a political masterstroke of sorts for Trump How else does one fight back against the nameless, faceless bureaucrats of the Deep State who hide behind anonymity to undermine the duly elected 45th president of the United States?
Politics trumps evidence in California once again ” For Jeff Sessions San Francisco’s sanctuary city policy “led to the preventable and heartbreaking death of Kate Steinle
” Wilson created a ruckus in May 2013 when he announced his successful design of a plastic gun
Since our founders clearly said that our rights come from our Creator, and the Second Amendment acknowledges that the "right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed," I truly wonder where he gets this idea the state has a right to do just that, infringe on the rights of the people by regulating firearms he is reading something into it that is simply not there, but that's a Communist ideology you are seeing there, not an American one
We must show where they are Where is this smoke of Satan that has entered the Church?
Moreover, absent an annulment granted by the competent Church tribunal, a purported “second marriage” can only be an invalid civil ceremony and thus a thinly disguised form of continuous public adultery Cardinal Burke, whom Francis sacked as head of the Church’s highest tribunal because he was a major impediment to the conspiracy culminating in Amoris Laetitia (AL), has observed the obvious in this regard:
When Putin blocked the Obama regime’s invasion of Syria and bombing of Iran, the neoconservatives paid Putin back by using NGOs and Ukranian politicians financed by Washington to overthrow the democratically elected government of Ukraine and to put in office a government hostile to Russia The intent was to use Ukraine, a Russian province for more than three centuries, to create problems for Russia that would absorb Russia’s attention and return a free hand to Washington and Israel in the Middle East and also to evict Russia from its Black Sea naval base in Crimea
So the evidence about this corruption was known to our government in 2009, 2010, and why is it that CFIUS either wasn’t told, or CFIUS people knowing about it — HANNITY: Explain CFIUS, 13 agencies, I am sorry 9 agencies approving the deal that gave control of uranium one to the bad actor, hostile regime, Putin Russia
Muslim Dem IT Aides' Family Member Paid $45,000 After Hiring Attorney Specializing In Money Laundering Cases Abid Awan, a member of a family of highly paid Democratic IT aides, was awarded a $45,000 payout in court after he enlisted a high profile attorney specializing in money laundering cases to defeat his stepmother in a bitter dispute over his father’s life insurance policy
Because when the reforms come, Rome always says the reforms are being done in the name of the Council In the name of the Council!
No jury would send a young man to prison based on that testimony Without a shred of evidence, a highly qualified judge, with no other blemish on his record, is being smeared on the national stage by a political lynch mob out for blood
” The attitude of Steve Scalise is wishy-washy He’s open to a special prosecutor, but his responses come across as passive, lacking push, zeal and enthusiasm to delve deeply into Spygate
In January, the pope was accused of insensitivity and tone-deafness after insisting, during a visit to Chile, that local abuse survivors had no “proof” against a bishop who allegedly witnessed abuse and failed to report it Following an outcry, Francis apologized for his remarks, held private meetings with victims at the Vatican, and, after envoys he sent to Chile backed up victims’ claims, the entire leadership of the Chilean Catholic church tendered their resignations
However, it does serve as a great distraction from his actual constitution-hating and tyrannical tendencies While Kavanaugh may be an ostensible supporter of the Second Amendment, his record indicates that he all but cannot stand the Fourth and he’s not that big a fan of the First either
But while the Democrats are in a lather over Ford and Kavanaugh, demanding a delay of the confirmation vote until after the midterm elections that they are sure will go their way, they couldn’t care less about Karen Monahan And that shows that all their #MeToo rhetoric is pure politically-motivated hypocrisy — as if anyone didn’t know that by now
“This leaves us with very strong evidence that the Pope was, in fact, aware of what has happened,” Yore said “Here we have victims 10, 15 years after their abuse, begging the Pope, having to take pictures of a letter that’s handed to a cardinal to ensure that there is evidence that the Pope is receiving this information
Beyond pressuring our allies, consider these specific steps President Trump has taken against Russia: Where President Obama refused to provide serious weapons to the Ukrainians to help them defend themselves (his response was weakness on a pathetic scale), President Trump has approved the sale of offensive weapons to enable the Ukrainians to increase the cost of Russian aggression When the Russians used chemical weapons in Great Britain, President Trump joined our allies and expelled 60 Russian intelligence officers from the United States
In response to cops claiming to find a tiny bit of weed, she pointed out that there was also a homicidal cop inside too His apartment also contained an off duty homicidal cop
A handful of Democratic lawmakers alarmed at the prospect of being exposed as frauds and publicly humiliated wrote Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, and FBI Director Christopher Wray on Tuesday The letter, which is an attempt to usurp the powers vested in the president, asks the three agencies to defy the presidential directive
And what of the training of little jihadis? Nothing!
T McFarland from her role as Deputy National Security Advisor and inserted Dina Habib-Powell, former Bush gatekeeper whose pals included Huma Abedin and Valerie Jarrett
Carrying his 3-year-old daughter in his arms, Yohanes Tasik scoped out the church classroom he indefinitely would call home The Indonesian Christian, facing mounting pressure to report to Immigration and Customs Enforcement, took refuge Friday night inside the Reformed Church of Highland Park
And calls for help have gone unanswered besides the few willing to travel to the devastated island privately Senator Martin Heinrich (D-NM) along with a handful of other lawmakers are calling on the federal government to continue to provide aid to the post-apocalyptic ravaged territory
Thank you! Keeping things moving, and I think a lot of us can just shout out, “What are you thinking?” as President Donald Trump brings CIA Director Mike Pompeo, a man that blasted the likes of Edward Snowden for revealing the crimes of our government, to the State Department and installs Gina Haspel in the position of head of the Central Intelligence Agency
So why are our bishops playing dumb? Quite obviously, it is because what they are actually closing an episcopal eye to are the folks who want to keep right on sinning--and sinning proudly
They deliberately refused to bring up the allegations, as weak and ridiculous as they are, at Kavanaugh’s Senate confirmation hearings because they didn’t want to have a rational discussion They wanted to hurl the wild claims like a grenade at the last minute to blow up the process
Democrats are pulling out all the stops and enabling salacious last-minute accusations against Supreme Court nominee Judge Brett Kavanaugh in order to sink his candidacy Now that Christine Blasey Ford has finally agreed to testify this Thursday at an open hearing of the Senate Judiciary Committee regarding her charge that Judge Kavanaugh sexually assaulted her at a long-ago high school party, these new charges have suddenly emerged from left field
Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller Horrifying Details Released: 2 Jihadi Muslims At Deadly NM Islamic Compound Hit With New Charges
The attacks here are motivated by a desire for open borders Children are being used as human shields in a campaign to end national security forever
“No evidence…” Lie big, lie often, and when caught, keep lying One of the many things these secular reporters seem not to be paying attention to is that “no evidence” is in fact a well-rehearsed, stock response for Bergoglio
I started thinking about this recently when I received a note from a reader with a link to an online petition from Germany, addressed to the German bishops [!!!] “begging” those manifestly evil and apostate men not to close a famous and ancient monastic house
A share in making restitution for sin was thus accorded to all of us, for although our Lord’s ignominious death removed from us the guilt of the original transgression through Baptism, it did not remove its effects These were allowed to remain as restraints on men who, now raised to a new supernatural existence, were capable of committing incalculably more grievous sins than heretofore
Meanwhile, it would be dangerous, suicidal folly for Infidels to pretend that Ramadan is not the month of jihad And as our Ramadan willful blindness continues, more Infidels will die
Teen Who Had MAGA Hat Ripped Off Head Gets New One Signed By Trump Sixteen-year-old Hunter Richard was wearing a “Make America Great Again” hat while enjoying a calm dinner at a Whataburger in Texas when a stranger, now identified as 30-year-old Kino Jimenez, yanked it off his head and threw a soda in his face
As we have seen, the death penalty has a very long history Dating from its institution by God in Eden to its delegation after the Flood to men who would wield it in God’s name, it has threaded its way without interruption through the fabric of human civilizations until these latter days
As Comey has admitted, several e-mail chains concerned matters that were classified at the Top Secret/Special Access Program level when they were sent and received by Clinton Coupled with her agents’ destruction of thousands of e-mails that had been subpoenaed by Congress, Hillary’s conduct was criminally reckless at the very least, if not constituting willful intent to commit an act she knew was wrongful
This began driving away heterosexuals, as well as homosexuals who upheld the Church’s teachings on chastity and celibacy Needless to say, not all gay priests are violent predators like McCarrick
President Trump has made various statements disputing the orchestrated Russiagate accusations that, if Manafort as witness for the Special Prosecutor contradicted, could send the President of the United States to prison for perjury Knowing this, Mueller, in my opinion a proven corrupt person, decided to put the squeeze on Manafort in order to force Manafort to save himself by giving false testimony against Trump
The president, these sources said, speculated on when he thought it would finally happen, repeatedly citing news reports from this week on a possible imminent delivery Reached for comment, White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders replied that there was “nothing to add right now,” as of Friday afternoon
Not much in my mind The reality is that the Democrats are as much to blame for the corrosive and ugly rhetoric in America today as Donald Trump is
70 (as of 06:30 EDT - Details) In its revelations of fraudulent wars (Afghanistan, Iraq) and the bald-faced lies of governments (the Chagos Islands), WikiLeaks has allowed us to glimpse how the imperial game is played in the 21st century
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Watching the full exchange it is obvious that Trump was making a sincere effort to answer Acosta’s questions, the president actually took the time to answer three of his questions before losing his patients with an argumentative Acosta who refused to hand the mic over to the female intern forcefully pushing her arm away
The media very deliberately misreported the Bundy standoff, ridiculing the men involved and shrugging at the murder of LaVoy Finicum When the court case completely collapsed, the media buried the story
Now, Rep  Davis would really like to emphasize that the ADL is wrong and he loves Farrakhan
It’s nothing but elite people, corporations and the financial elite that have become drenched with so much power that they have been able to direct human will and use it for their own selfish purposes With powerful revelations that have come to light, like elite pedophilia and ritual abuse, and extreme corruption, why do we still participate?
(@Steffs_tweets) December 1, 2017 May San Francisco rot in hell!
In this manner, BDS/ Democratize SSMU activists managed to pick off their opponents one at a time It was repulsive display leftist-fascist bigotry at its worst
com/2xN9xqppRC — Allison Harris (@AllisonFox4News) September 8, 2018 Even as cops come to Guyger’s defense and attempt to shame, smear, and discredit her victim—who was an upstanding member of society regardless of the plant they claim to have found—they are failing miserably
Something is rotten in Denmark! On top of that, we have questions as to whether the body was even that of Stephen Paddock, given the fact that certain elements of the Paddock in the preliminary police report, which mentioned the autopsy, are apparently at odds with the Paddock of other documentation
So, I'm wary of media reports that claim there have been results from the tactics used Trump has obviously had praise for both Pompeo and Haspel, but then again, his administration has quite a bit of turn over too
For fifty years Catholics have wanted to know why nothing was ever done, as these wolves in the episcopate were allowed, year after year to continue attacking the Church Why have we so often seen these men – compromised intellectually and morally – elevated to superior rank, despite the incredible brazenness of their hatred of the Catholic Faith?
“This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further Bob Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 Angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to USA!” Trump wrote
And Shapira, who “enjoys writing about people who have served in the military and intelligence communities” had an ethical duty to point out Helms’ proclivity for lying in his article The circumstantial evidence overwhelmingly establishes that Oswald was working for U
First, the very people who have been loudest in attacking President Trump about his performance at the Helsinki summit are the people who failed to protect America from Russian meddling in 2016 The very intensity and nastiness of former CIA Director Brennan and former Director of National Intelligence Clapper is an attempt to distract attention from their failure to protect America
The story of the Oakland mayor who tipped off illegal alien criminals to ICE raids resulting in rapists and child sex offenders escaping arrest just keeps getting worse Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf shocked the nation when she issued a tweet and press release on February 24 warning about impending ICE raids
The White House also announced Monday that it would allow a 10-day waiver temporarily blocking the Jones Act to expire This is devastating news for those living in Puerto Rico, as foreign ships can no longer bring aid to the hurricane-ravaged island from U
The Indonesians are part of an ethnic community of about 2,000 people clustered around the city of Dover in New Hampshire’s seacoast region Members of the group and advocates say they fear they could face discrimination or violence if forced to return to the world’s largest Muslim-majority country
It is not revolution I thank you for your attention
Some of these norms, Schneider told LifeSiteNews, give “implicit approval” of divorce and of sexual activity outside a valid marriage Such a reading is causing “rampant confusion,” will spread “a plague of divorce” in the Church, and is “alien” to the Church’s entire faith and Tradition, the three bishops said in the profession
That clarification has now been given: Francis intends, if it were possible, to change the unchangeable teaching of the Church regarding an irrevocable moral norm rooted in divine law Even if the attempt is void and of no effect before man and God—an immoral law is no law at all—Francis clearly means to impose his will by fiat, daring invoke the “authentic Magisterium” to cloak his absurd novelties
With this story, it has done what it regularly does when supposedly vital western foreign policy interests are at stake – it simply regurgitates an elite-serving, western narrative Its job is to shore up a consensus on the left for attacks on leading threats to the existing, neoliberal order: whether they are a platform like Wikileaks promoting whistle-blowing against a corrupt western elite; or a politician like Jeremy Corbyn seeking to break apart the status quo on the rapacious financial industries or Israel-Palestine; or a radical leader like Hugo Chavez who threatened to overturn a damaging and exploitative US dominance of “America’s backyard”; or social media dissidents who have started to chip away at the elite-friendly narratives of corporate media, including the Guardian
” “Tower Hamlets is home to one of the country’s most diverse communities,” the motion begins, adding that it “has the highest percentage of Muslim residents in England – 35 per cent compared with the national average of 5 per cent” After several paragraphs of platitudes about “community cohesion” and “diversity”, it says “this Council notes with shock and alarm the decision by Donald Trump, President of the United States, to ‘retweet’ Islamophobic propaganda from the Britain First Twitter account”
The Church has seen a number of Popes who have abused their power, Alexander VI being the most popularly known example But never, before Francis, has there been a Pope who dared to tyrannize the Magisterium itself by attempting to bend it to his errant personal opinions
Meanwhile, Trump’s behavior has been as erratic as ever First he said that Brasey had to be heard; then he attacked her in terms that were a slur on all women who have been assaulted without immediately reporting it to the police, and he also blamed the Senate for not voting before she came forward
I am not a fan of Donald Trump But to see the partisans of the defeated candidate (and a particularly obnoxious defeated candidate) manipulate the security services and the media to create an entirely false public perception, in order to attempt to overturn the result of the US Presidential election, is the most astonishing thing I have witnessed in my lifetime
Trump berated the country both before and after taking office However, Trump’s anti-Iran strategy goes against the better judgment of even the most anti-Iranian advisors in his staff who don’t want to see the U
) But we are not fools
At least 2,034 people have been infected down by a more lethal form of the black death so far in the country, which lies off the coast of Africa, according to WHO statistics Some experts fear the disease (which is so deadly because it is airborne) could mutate and become untreatable during this year’s outbreak – which is expected to blight Madagascar until April
No matter your race, creed, ethnicity, sexual identity, and political stance, you are welcomed here!” Rumble said on Facebook that Jimenez worked as a “part-time door guy ” They added, “We do not condone these types of actions or behavior
Instead of fighting for their posterity and shutting down the illegalities of sodomy in all 50 states, they teach them to just do their best to understand that they cannot help themselves while God say’s the opposite (Leviticus 20:18) Instead of fighting on their behalf against the federal government that is illegally indoctrinating them, they simply give their kids over to them to be dumbed down
I am tired of sin And, as one who has tried — despite my many imperfections — to lay down my life for Christ and His Church, I am tired of the regular violation of sacred duties by those entrusted with immense responsibility from the Lord for the care of His people
I read the discourse of the President of Columbia with the Nuncios of Columbia and the Secretary of the Episcopal Conference in Columbia The President said he is very, very anxious
If that’s true, it would mean we just completed 2 years of investigating ‘Russian collusion’ without ONE collusion related indictment Not even one,” he wrote on Twitter
Russian weapons are so superior to the junk produced by the waste-filled US military/security complex that lives high off the hog on the insouciant American taxpayer that it is questionable if the US is even a second class military power If the insane neoconservatives, such as Max Boot, William Kristol, and the rest of the neocon scum get their way, the US, the UK, and Europe will be a radioactive ruin for thousands of years
Conspiracy Theorists Seize on Mesa Man Who Sold Ammo to Las Vegas Shooter Thanks to crackpots online, a Mesa man has become embroiled in conspiracy theories after he sold ammunition to the Las Vegas mass shooter
This includes cops within the Dallas police department Amy Wilburn, a former Dallas cop shot an unarmed teen in the stomach as he sat down with his hands in the air in 2013
Molester McCarrick: I hope I am Influential Roman: Talk him up
” “The Mother Wheel is a heavily armed spaceship the size of a city, which will rain destruction upon white America but save those who embrace the Nation of Islam
We have no doubt, of course, that no “mistake” had actually occurred in this matter and that the ban has only been lifted because of the publicity that we engaged in -- and received While it is a positive development that Facebook has lifted the ban on Jamie (for now), this story is crucial to amplify now more than ever, seeing that Facebook, and all of leftist-run social media, is, at this moment, clearly accelerating its totalitarian attack on the free speech of conservatives
Not only men of fighting age, but also old men, pregnant women, children, all Palestinians are being murdered by the Israeli military The United States Secretary of State agrees with Israel that all Palestinians must be destroyed, the sooner the better
” This is all about to get very ugly
And we have developed a very special bond," Trump said at the conclusion of the landmark summit "People are going to be very impressed
’ McElroy was also well aware of McCarrick’s abuses, as can be seen from a letter sent to him by Richard Sipe on July 28, 2016 ” Like Cupich, Tobin and Farrell, McElroy is an avid promoter of Martin’s homosexual subversion of the Church, calling opposition to Martin symptomatic of a “cancer of vilification [that] is seeping into the institutional life of the church
Jimenez was later arrested and shortly thereafter fired from his job for ripping off Richard’s hat and stealing it “This is gonna go right in my f**king fireplace, b***h,” Jimenez said, acting like a bully for stealing a teenager’s hat
[6] “justice and beneficence” are considered on behalf of the community, not the patient [7] Bioethicists take it as read that in order for a life to have sufficient “quality” it must demonstrate sufficient autonomy
K  will be viewed as one of that once great nation’s darkest moments and a low point for freedom
I will likewise hold every man studying for the priesthood for our diocese accountable to living a chaste and celibate life as part of his formation for the priesthood Failure to do so will lead to dismissal from diocesan sponsorship;
R McMaster said that the “so called liberation of areas by Assad’s forces and Iranian proxies could actually accelerate the cycle of violence and perpetuate conflict rather than get us to a sustainable outcome
Other than that, they have liberals and neo-cons running rampant Many were surprised to discover that Fox News not only is supporting lying CNN and lying Jim Acosta, but they are even going so far as to file an amicus brief with the US district court over the White House's revoking of Acosta's press pass
For nearly two millennia, Jews have suffered persecution after persecution at the hands of those who used religion as a vehicle for hate and even mass murder Recently, a video clip of anti-Semitic pastor Steve Anderson – making the claim that Jews have experienced such abuse because they have somehow been cursed – wound up on the personal Facebook page of South Florida Muslim leader Sofian Zakkout
Statement from CNN and @Acosta on today’s ruling: “We are gratified with this result and we look forward to a full resolution in the coming days Our sincere thanks to all who have supported not just CNN, but a free, strong and independent American press
It is the response of the military/security complex to Donald Trump’s presidential campaign statement that he intended to normalize relations with Russia Trump recognized that the extreme Russiaphobia, which the hegemonic neoconservatives had whipped up since Vladimir Putin’s statement at the Munich Security Conference in 2007 that Russia was a sovereign country and intended to act like one, was a threat to life on earth
Establishment Democrats are all over the mainstream media channels calling the act of releasing documents criminal The US President wants every American citizen to see the full, unredacted version of the FISA documents used to spy on Carter Page
I wrote about the murder of Sarah Halimi last year Sarah Lucy Halimi was thrown out of the window of the third floor Paris apartment while she begged her Muslim killer to spare her life
In 2007, Powell was named to the Board of a Hillary Clinton project known as ‘Vital Voices’,another women-centric operation that touts Global Ambassadorial missions for women On June 14, 2016 Powell participated in a Summit known as the United State of Women(USW), which meshed nicely with her pet project
Contradictory conceptions concerning the Sacraments, said the cardinal, lead into chaotic conditions Thus, explained the cardinal, the Sacraments have to be celebrated the way Christ Himself willed it when he instituted them
PROOF: The LVMPD And FBI Failed To Catalog At Least One Deceased Las Vegas Massacre Victim As Death Toll Rises In what can only be described as gross negligence or a massive cover-up of the truth, the F
Then you get painted like, oh, Gillum is being painted, no You are a socialist, you are way out of left field…”
Why were people getting haircuts at the crime scene? How many more victims went ignored by investigators?
The irony is that no one told these journalists what to do I call them Vichy journalists — after the Vichy government that served and enabled the German occupation of wartime France
 territories, the islands’ health care system was suffering from the ongoing economic crisis The islands are grappling with physician shortages, Medicaid programs facing an impending funding cliff, and widespread disparities in Federal health programs—and that was before hurricane season,” the lawmakers stated in a letter
He’s the heroic security guard that allegedly located the Las Vegas shooter, Steven Paddock But the narrative surrounding him has changed wildly since the authorities mentioned him, and now, he’s mysteriously vanished into thin air
'Oumuamua: Space Cigar Is Still Spinning From Mysterious Violent Collision The solar system’s strange cigar-shaped visitor 'Oumuamua—Hawaiian for “scout” or “messenger”—is tumbling chaotically as the result of a violent collision
”… Siraj Ibn Wahhaj’s lawyer in the state case, suggested that those charges were motivated by a degree of racial and religious prejudice against his Muslim client If the suspects were white Christians shooting guns on their property and practicing their religion, “No one would bat an eye,” Thomas Clark argued in court
"Let’s not forget that it is a fact that helicopters were lurking behind the Mandalay Bay during the attack which were not shown on the radar," author Shepard Ambellas writes Ambellas claims helicopters provided an "air assault" during the massacre, a ludicrous theory he's expounded upon on InfoWars with the internet's conspiracy-theorist-in-chief Alex Jones
" Both nominations may face tough confirmation hearings, but it seems that many Americans are just fine with these types of people being in these types of offices
In his 2005 book Memory and Identity, John Paul referred to homosexuality as an “ideology of evil,” insisting of so-called 'gay marriage' that: “It is legitimate and necessary to ask oneself if this is not perhaps part of a new ideology of evil, perhaps more insidious and hidden, which attempts to pit human rights against the family and man
Ratzinger: “…” What was all that rubbish from Ganswein about there being a divided “munus” – with an active member and a “contemplative member”?
@ Theresa_May, don’t focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom We are doing just fine!”
These reforms – and removals – have ceased entirely under Francis Despite his claims that he punishes the guilty, it was in fact Francis who reversed the previous, Benedict-era  against the notorious Italian priest-pederast Mario Inzoli at the request of the now-equally notorious Cardinal Coccopalmerio
" He also referred to Michel's ultimatum as unacceptable and shocking
Jewish students have already faced plenty of harassment and hate at McGill The latest incident at the Canadian university comes with a rather blatant agenda
Mac Slavo recently reported for SHTFplan: The newest warning about the outbreak of the airborne pneumonic plague, or black death, in Madagascar has been released
My guess is that one of two things will occur with the FBI investigation: (1) Absolutely nothing will be found, and this will have been a huge waste of time or (2) look for this thing to expand and the need will arise to make this more of a circus than it already is, which will dwarf anything Clarence Thomas had to face from the slanderous accusations of Anita Hill Remember, whether you like Judge Kavanaugh or not, this has been nothing but a political hit
The Cardinal, muttering in a barely comprehensible way, admitted that he had perhaps made the mistake of sleeping in the same bed with some seminarians at his beach house, but he said this as if it had no importance The faithful insistently wonder how it was possible for him to be appointed to Washington, and as Cardinal, and they have every right to know who knew, and who covered up his grave misdeeds
In his address Friday, Trump changed the policy dynamics that dictate US policy on Iran For the first time since 2009, when Obama backed the murderous regime in Tehran, spurning the millions of Iranians who rose up in the Green Revolution, Trump opened up the possibility that the US may begin to base its policies toward Iran on reality
With mass immigration, especially from Africa, "our worst nightmares can come true The West falls as it fails to see Europe being overrun
Why was the ringleader of the widespread Muslim spy scandal just offered a plea deal? Who has been exposed to blackmail and God knows what else?
“Why is it so easy, Theresa May, to jail Tommy Robinson, but so difficult to do anything at all about the monstrous crimes committed in the name of Islam all over this country every day? Why?” Waters asked
 Bush regime Cheney turned the environmental protection regulatory agencies over to industry polluters
She also pointed to what she called the Iranian regime’s “most threatening act” – its launch of ballistic missiles capable of carrying nuclear weapons “When a rogue regime starts down the path of ballistic missiles, it tells us that we will soon have another North Korea on our hands,” Ambassador Haley said
” Allen’s view is supported by such irrelevancies as the fact that Viganò’s account implicates “no fewer than 32 senior churchmen” (so what? ), that he “has a history” of “innuendo and conspiracy theories” (a gratuitous assertion unsupported by evidence of falsity), that he allegedly quashed an investigation of Archbishop John Nienstedt and ordered evidence destroyed (an allegation Viganò has immediately and categorically denied with conclusive supporting documents, but in any event a tuo quoque fallacy) and that Allen has “the impression that all this was orchestrated with a political agenda in mind” (the same “conspiracy theory” mentality he gratuitously attributes to Viganò)
Beila Rabinowitz, Director of Militant Islam Monitor, contributed to this report Anti-Gay Imam Featured Yet Again at Florida Democrat Gala
New York Times, you're lying Every media outlet from the Associated Press to NBC, you're lying when you say the video was doctored and that Acosta didn't touch the woman
But if we don’t speak about such facts, how will we ever convince Muslims not to follow “hardline interpretations of the Qur’an”? Another problem with Farage’s statement is that it manifests a remarkable ignorance of history
Either the human element of the Church will act according to the means which seem possible, however extraordinary, or Heaven itself will intervene in a manner that might well involve a divine chastisement due to the negligence of time-serving pastors who left their sheep completely undefended against the wolves who preyed upon them, including the wolf the cardinals improvidently elected Pope Some four months before Archbishop Viganò’s testimony Cardinal Willem Jacobus Eijk, the Archbishop of Utrecht, Netherlands, perhaps the most liberal territory in the entire Church, protested that Bergoglio’s blatant nod to intercommunion with Protestants in Germany means that “the bishops and, above all, the Successor of Peter fail to maintain and transmit faithfully and in unity the deposit of faith contained in Sacred Tradition and Sacred Scripture” and that the situation reminds him of Article 675 of the Catechism of the Catholic Church, which refers to the Church’s “final trial” before the Second Coming, “that will shake the faith of many believers… [a] ‘mystery of iniquity’ in the form of a religious deception offering men an apparent solution to their problems at the price of apostasy from the truth
 Garcia Zarate acknowledged firing the weapon, but said it was an accident Zarate and his defense team maintained the argument that the suspect found the stolen weapon on the pier that day and it “just fired
YOUNG: “… I do think he’s not saying specifically like I’m going to ban bump stocks or I’m against ATs, only because he’s running a race right now I do think he would support anybody doing that stuff, Bill Nelson… But I don’t think he can say it just [be]cause he’s trying to get the moderates and the gun-toting people in North Florida…”
Not surprisingly, Baldisseri never once mentions that dreaded word, dogma in the Instrumentum Laboris, but effuses about accompaniment 136 times! This doltish and dimwitted document wreaks of psycho babble, insults the intelligence of young people, and will destroy the future of the Church
S  dead, tens of thousands of wounded, trillions of dollars sunk, and a Mideast awash in blood from Afghanistan to Iraq, Libya, Syria and Yemen, with millions uprooted and homeless
He likes a racist hate group But doesn't believe white people are devils or Jews are satanic
 Benedict: “The Prologue set this choice before us, the world or Our Lord, as mutually exclusive alternatives; we cannot remain neutral, but must belong wholly to the one or wholly to the other
” Contrary to what you might believe about Jimenez… he is/was NOT a Democrat!
So why are our bishops playing dumb? Quite obviously, it is because what they are actually closing an episcopal eye to are the folks who want to keep right on sinning--and sinning proudly
However, unlike government schools, my curriculum never puts ideological indoctrination ahead of education While government schools — and even many private schools — pretend religion played no significant role in history, my curriculum addresses the crucial role religion played in the development of Western civilization
[1] “Not one victim has come forward in Chile; show me the proof This is slander and calumny
“I frankly think that Pompeo’s positions are too much of an advocate for regime change, really everywhere,” he added "I don't think our policy ought to be for regime change, so I think Pompeo really isn't a good fit to be a diplomat
The well-documented details of this case are disgraceful and seriously scandalous, as is any covering up of such appalling actions by other Church leaders who knew about it based on solid evidence While recent credible accusations of child sexual abuse by Archbishop McCarrick have brought a whole slew of issues to light, long-ignored was the issue of abuse of his power for the sake of homosexual gratification
All too often, all you need is some statistics software (or its online equivalent), a politically correct premise and absolute ignorance Add the internet and you get a perfect storm of sociology stupidity
Under no circumstances…except for those dreamed up by a number of bishops in this country who apparently think that it should be left up to individual parishes to decide if they are LGBTQ-friendly or not Even Pope John Paul "The GREAT's" Vatican clarified the Church's teaching on October 31, 1986, in the “Letter to the Bishops of the Catholic Church on the Pastoral Care of Homosexual Persons”:
If Manafort had really visited Assange, it would have long been known: In sum, the Guardian published a story today that it knew would explode into all sorts of viral benefits for the paper and its reporters even though there are gaping holes and highly sketchy aspects to the story
The records released by DOS, which is part of Gov Rick Scott’s administration, point the finger at the Florida Democratic Party
 Louis Mayor Lyda Krewson said the new resolutions show mayors will “lead the way in solving our gun violence crisis ” “We wouldn’t be doing our jobs as mayors if we weren’t focusing on gun violence — an issue that threatens the public safety of every community, big and small,” she said
This man whom we had believed a “champion of orthodoxy,” whom we thought we knew Error, even heresy and blasphemy are pouring daily out of the mouth of his successor, who has, literally, turned the Vatican into a den of thieves, and we hear nothing but the occasional, carefully worded statement on how fine everything is
Beyond pressuring our allies, consider these specific steps President Trump has taken against Russia: Where President Obama refused to provide serious weapons to the Ukrainians to help them defend themselves (his response was weakness on a pathetic scale), President Trump has approved the sale of offensive weapons to enable the Ukrainians to increase the cost of Russian aggression When the Russians used chemical weapons in Great Britain, President Trump joined our allies and expelled 60 Russian intelligence officers from the United States
] Editors’ note: In light of the skyrocketing phenomenon of Muslim migrants stabbing unbelievers in random stabbing sprees in Europe, as well as the calculated denial that leaders, authorities and media are enforcing about it, Frontpage has deemed it important to bring attention to the crucial steps America and the West must take to robustly confront the unceasing onslaught by Jihad and its leftist enablers
comments 2 Men, Moms Arrested After Child Found Dead, 11 More Found In ‘Filthy’ New Mexico Compound With Armed ‘Muslim Extremists’
Scientists say that it could take up to 15 years for solar activity to return to normal with extreme weather and freezing temperatures continuing until 2035 This warning will infuriate environmental campaigners who argue by 2030 the world faces increased sea levels and flooding due to glacial melt at the poles and a warming of the globe
Nothing done in Helsinki made life easier for the Putin regime in its continued economic decay and diplomatic isolation due to the sanctions regime Any intellectually honest review of the last decade of foreign policy would lead one to admit that President Trump has most assuredly been tougher on Putin and Russia than Obama ever was
Motivated, therefore, by love and concern for souls, I stand with those calling for justice to be done upon the guilty The sins and crimes of McCarrick, and of far too many others in the Church, bring suspicion and mistrust upon many good and virtuous priests, bishops, and cardinals, and suspicion and mistrust upon many great and respectable seminaries and so many holy and faithful seminarians
I don’t know what it will take to set things right I don’t know what it will take to exorcise the “spirit of Vatican II” – the spirit of aggiornamento – from the Church
“I’m not sharing my personal opinions very broadly, but wanted to share openly here in the circle of trust,” she wrote This email leaked to Fox News and Breitbart News and is now likely to become a centerpiece in the case that Google is throwing its weight around to interfere in elections in the United States in a partisan manner against the duly elected President of the United States
Unlike the politicians who attempt to undermine ICE’s critical mission, our officers will continue to fulfill their sworn duty to protect public safety True to the left's support for criminality over law and order, Mayor Schaaf declared that she considered it her "duty" to warn criminal illegals in her area
The February mass shooting at a high school in Parkland, Florida prompted many parents to consider homeschooling This is hardly surprising, as the misnamed federal “Gun-Free Schools” law leaves schoolchildren defenseless against mass shooters
After the Red Army went home, "America First" had a new appeal! Third, faithful to the free trade cult in which they were raised, Republicans championed NAFTA, the WTO, and MFN for China
 Danny Davis confirmed in an interview Sunday that he has a personal relationship with Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan, a notorious anti-Semite, and said he isn’t bothered by Farrakhan’s position on “the Jewish question ” Farrakhan has repeatedly denounced Jews as “satanic,” praised Hitler as a “very great man” and has said that white people “deserve to die
” Emboldened by the certainty that he will face no discipline whatsoever, Martin, now backed by “Cupich, Tobin, Farrell and McElroy,” as Viganò testifies, is urging all the “gay priests” to “come out,” including those ordained since the useless “pedophile summit” presided over by none other than McCarrick as the classic fox in charge of the hen house
S  Marine Corps by openly proselytizing for communism in New Orleans is able to saunter across the Cold War stage of history, not long after the McCarthy hearings, without nary a care in the world?
'This was litigated 20 years ago Two-thirds of the American people sided with me
” No Justice for Kate Steinle
Emails obtained by The Hill show that a civil attorney working with the former undercover witness described the pressure the Justice Department exerted to keep the client from disclosing to a federal court what he knew last summer “The government was taking a very harsh position that threatened both your reputation and liberty,” the civil lawyer wrote in one email
Therefore it is clear that one may not bless a relationship which is sinful; [one may not bless] the mafia; no blessing for organizations or institutions which promote or procure abortions or which propagate ideologies which are against the Faith, antisemitic contents, or other forms of racist thought If one considers and weighs this matter, one knows: one may not bless a union of two homosexual men or of lesbian women
Nigel Farage Warns “We’ll Lose” A Battle Between the West and Islam British politician Nigel Farage once helped convince Britons to vote for Brexit and separate from the European Union, but British establishment politicians have done everything they could to sabotage that vote since then
DB: It was hysterical to watch these four armed guards who kept shouting “Stop resisting, stop resisting!” and they are beating the hell out of him! JP: I thought the image of Ray being hauled off was particularly telling
Thank you Prime Minister Orban for saying what needed to be said! Hungarian Prime Minister Hits Nail On The Head: Refugees Are Actually "Muslim Invaders"
In discussing the arrival of these migrants who obviously gotten incredible help along the way, busted through customs gates, and pushed at the Mexican border while committing all sorts of crimes against many they come in contact with along the way, Lemon said what is clearly not only racist but utterly insane "We have to stop demonizing people and realize the biggest terror threat in this country is white men, most of them radicalized to the right, and we have to start doing something about them,” Lemon said
Now, new information released by investigative reporter Laura Loomer proves that authorities have directly lied to the American people about the case at least once by claiming that supposed shooter Stephen Paddock checked into the Mandalay Bay Hotel on September 28th when valet records (with photos) prove he actually arrived three days earlier According to Loomer, she obtained the image from a source which shows that Paddock’s car first arrived September 25th
 11, the anniversary of the Islamic jihadist attack on America that killed nearly 3,000 Glazov told Breitbart, “This is really getting surreal in the creepiest and most harrowing Stalinist sense
The Nazis called it the ‘Final Solution’ of the Jews When we say ‘Final Solution,’ we realize that many of the terms used by the Zionist state constitute Nazi terms, ideas, and notions
However, the Qur’an says: “Muhammad is the Messenger of Allah, and those who are with him are severe against disbelievers, and merciful among themselves” (48:29) If the Ramadan imperative is to become more devout, the Muslim who applies himself diligently to the Ramadan observance will simultaneously become more both merciful to his fellow Muslims and more severe against the unbelievers
The problem is not having this tendency, no, we must be brothers and sisters to one another, and there is this one and there is that one The problem is in making a lobby of this tendency: a lobby of misers, a lobby of politicians, a lobby of masons, so many lobbies
In answer to my question then head of the USCCB, Wilton Gregory, made an explosive admission reportedby the international press: “it is an ongoing struggle to make sure that the Catholic priesthood is not dominated by homosexual men ” The struggle, to the extent there even was one, obviously has been lost
In the early twelfth century, the Fatimid caliph Al-Amir bi-Ahkamillah issued this edict: Now, the prior degradation of the infidels in this world before the life to come—where it is their lot—is considered an act of piety; and the imposition of their poll tax [jizya], “until they pay the tribute out of hand and have been humbled” (Koran 9:29) is a divinely ordained obligation…
At the very least, she should be fired for this But then again, as we’ve reported already this week, Amber Guyger is subject to a different set of rules than common citizens, which apparently includes keeping a paycheck after admitting to killing an unarmed, innocent, pillar of society, Botham Jean
… The assault on our country at our Southern Border, including the Criminal elements and DRUGS pouring in, is far more important to me, as President, than Trade or the USMCA
The rebellions will be local and suppressed by every violation of the US Constitution by the private powers that rule Washington, as always has been the case with rebellions in America In the West, which the Russians are so anxious to join, all freedoms are dead—freedom of assembly, freedom of speech, freedom of association, freedom of inquiry, freedom of privacy, freedom from arbitrary search, freedom from arbitrary arrest, along with the Constitutional protections of due process and habeas corpus
S  can be laid by strictly legal means … We have a well-organized political-action group in this country, determined to destroy our Constitution and establish a one-party state … It operates secretly, silently, continuously to transform our Government … This ruthless power-seeking elite is a disease of our century… This group … is answerable neither to the President, the Congress, nor the courts
But the evidence against Kavanaugh falls far short of the evidence arrayed against each of these men So far at least it falls far short of the evidence against virtually any other politician or celebrity who has faced consequences during this #MeToo moment
 government not treason? Other Presidents have been incompetent, corrupt, dishonest, but which has committed treason on a scale to rival the treason of Barack Obama?
Wilson? That black-hearted Presbyterian bigot arguably gave the world Hitler and World War II, so he is definitely in the Final Four
The irony is that today’s feminists have been willing to sacrifice the earlier narrative of female power and agency that had been stifled by traditional views of the sexes and their capabilities Instead, now women are Victorian hothouse flowers too delicate to make their way through their lives without the paternal federal government protecting them with its coercive power
It was only downhill from there In a misguided effort to secure Iran’s willingness to sign the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, Obama sold everything including the kitchen sink
Defending the Council by Defending the Homosexual Status Quo At this moment, the entire Novus Ordo regime of novelty is threatened with collapse on account of its homosexual corruption, and voices throughout the Catholic world are now echoing Archbishop Viganò’s call for Bergoglio’s resignation, including Laura Ingraham: “Too little, too late from Pope Francis in Ireland
How could the Beltway GOP not see that its defining policies — open borders, amnesty, free trade globalism, compulsive military intervention in foreign lands for ideological ends — were alienating its coalition? What had a quarter century of Bushite free trade produced?
It won’t destroy Iran’s nuclear installations And it won’t bring down the regime which by its nature ensures all of these things will remain a menace to the US, its allies and international security as a whole
“Mohammad Abid, a victim of [Ashraf] Awan’s alleged high-profile swindling, said that [Ashraf] Awan’s son had easy access to the corridors of power and that’s why he was able to [pressure] the police to dance to his tunes,” Dawn reported The article details a series of people who say they were then subject to retaliation, including widow Bushra Bibi who said, “now Imran was threatening her with dire consequences
The fact that there was a wedding makes me think she’s white Also, she kind of sounds white in the 911 calls, but it’s hard to tell
With What the Qur’an Meant: And Why It Matters, religion author Garry Wills is here to reassure us: What did the scripture of Islam tell me about the duty to kill infidels?
"I have a sense that things are moving forward and I have faith in our president,” Susie Hammond, the wife and mother of the imprisoned ranchers, told The Oregonian last month “If anyone is going to help them, he'd be the one
However, unlike Jupiter’s centuries-old storm, Neptune’s hurricane-like weather events only last a few years at a time before eventually dissipating Of course, that’s not to say the storms are insignificant — many are large enough to swallow and entire continent here on Earth — so watching one breathe its dying gasps is still a special sight
In February 2005, an article written by Shafayat Mohamed was published on the Darul Uloom website, entitled ‘Tsunami: Wrath of God ’ In it, he claims that gay sex caused the 2004 Indonesian tsunami and that most Jews and Christians, whom he refers to as “People of the Book,” are “perverted transgressors
” If Wilders’ words don’t prove true, it will be because the death of free societies in Britain and Western Europe is truly at hand
So, let me get this straight (I know, lots of luck with that one): These are the people that are going to "accompany us" and our children in the "synodal Church" with its new orientation, overseen by a "God of Surprises" who is uber-merciful and doesn't judge, and headed up by a pope who, according to Father Thomas Rosica, "breaks Catholic traditions whenever he wants, because he is 'free from disordered attachments'?'' You don't say!
Notice the late pope does not say, “Let the practicing homosexuals have a spiritual home among your faithful,” as Father James Martin and his episcopal fans are at least implying on a regular basis in the media Does Archbishop Hebda believe it is time for the Church to stop humiliating herself by stooping to accommodate a special interest group that obviously doesn't care about her or the moral code by which she governs?
Absolutely not! The corrupt Pharisees along with corrupt government did the opposite
” Of course, the reality is that bringing something like this up more than 30 years later is ridiculous, but this is the Democrats for you
On Thursday, following the hearings where Dr  Christine Ford provided testimony under oath without any evidence at all of a 36-year-old alleged sexual attack by Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh and his friend Mark Judge, Kavanaugh denied the allegations and blasted Senate Democrats for their involvement in ruining his good name
That heralds the death of Britain as a free society and the beginning of an authoritarian police state there, unless this slide to totalitarianism is stopped now British public figures, whatever criticism they have leveled against Tommy Robinson in the past, should be calling for him to be freed today, or else they will be exposing themselves as supporting the degeneration of Britain into a police state
Of course, the Twitterverse is busy commenting on the irony: how a man expressing grave concerns that there is an atmosphere of fear of being punished for expressing grave concerns, was immediately fired Perhaps the most astonishing aspect of this little incident is just how completely blind the US bishops – as with nearly all the episcopate – are to what political analysts call the “optics”
Bypassing the class left her vulnerable to bullying Deal said other students told her daughter that she was going to hell
People cannot logically and critically understand that hurting people and taking their things is wrong – even if people who declare themselves government is the one doing it Governments are nothing more than a handful of people and have no right to aggress against others
Really? Whatever definition that one might put on that nebulous term, no reasonable person can honestly believe that the release of 50-year-old records are going to result in the United States falling into the ocean or even that the communists are going to take over the federal government
Authorities believe he may have had an accomplice, based on the elaborate planning on Sunday night’s rampage Officials also believe he had help because of the amount of guns in his hotel room, and because some of the ammo was bought under someone else’s name
Not necessarily Any bishop who can demonstrate through his actions and not just with his tweets, who can prove that he is still a Catholic and not a wolf, is welcome to join us
One of the biggest stories of 2017 and 2018 is being ignored by the mainstream media and we all know why that is It's because it implicates dozens of House Democrats in what could be the biggest crime of spying in US history by Muslim IT spy Imran Awan and his partners
There is much, much worse about Omar David Steinberg of PJ Media has done extraordinary work in shedding light on aspects of Omar’s record that the establishment media has steadfastly ignored
Its pages, however, are readily available to the latest effort to prop up the status quo from Tony Blair, the man who led Britain, on false pretences, into the largest crime against humanity in living memory – the attack on Iraq That “humanitarian intervention” cost the lives of many hundreds of thousands of Iraqis and created a vacuum that destabilised much of the Middle East, sucked in Islamic jihadists like al-Qaeda and ISIS, and contributed to the migrant crisis in Europe that has fuelled the resurgence of the far-right
It's not that boycotting Dan Fishback censors work It's resistance to a propaganda campaign intended to attack the human rights of the Jewish people
Donaldson claims that he has already been asked to prepare an affidavit to be submitted to court, likely due to Donaldson’s own reputation for confrontation with the White House, including trading personal insults with President George Bush in 2006, RT reports Donaldson also said that he had sent Acosta an email which encouraged him to ‘Keep it up”, and not to worry about the “vicious attacks” and “threats”
That the death penalty can become an instrument of revenge, and that unjust sentences are sometimes handed down can be dismissed as irrelevant to the argument Given the fallen human condition, such injustices are bound to occur in any judicial system, and everyone agrees that they should be ruthlessly remedied
I think that is very, very likely As I understand Julian, this is something he would not even contemplate
This shouldn’t surprise anyone, given that practically from its inception in 1947 the CIA was specializing in the arts of assassination, regime change, and cover-up As far back as 1953, the CIA published an assassination manual that the CIA succeeded in keeping secret from the American people for more than 40 years
Way to go! By attempting to derail this process with such a pathetic attempt at a smear campaign, you have successfully made it much easier for a real sex offender to point back at this and say, “look, this is what they do"!
The bishop has denied ever knowing about "the serious abuses" committed by Karadima, who was never prosecuted in Chile because so much time had passed but was convicted and sentenced by the Vatican to a lifetime of "penance and prayer" "Holy Father, I decided to write this letter to you because I'm tired of fighting, crying and suffering," Mr Cruz writes
Tillerson said he received a call from Trump around noon Tuesday, more than three hours after his firing was first reported by The Washington Post and announced minutes later in a tweet from the president His voice quivering, Tillerson thanked career diplomats for their “honesty and integrity” and the American people for “acts of kindness,” and he singled out Defense Secretary Jim Mattis for their partnership and mutual support of diplomacy
In short, the FBI had ample evidence of the Russian bribery plot before the Obama administration approved the Uranium One deal thanks to their embedded mole in the Russian nuclear industry The informant – outed as energy consultant William Campbell – was “threatened” by Obama admin AG Loretta Lynch to keep quiet with an iron-clad gag order, according to his attorney – former Reagan Justice Dept
Law and order is likely to be a major issue in a parliamentary election scheduled for September with the populist, opposition Sweden Democrats linking public concern about the rising crime rate to a large increase in the numbers of immigrants “It would not be my first option to bring in the military, but I am prepared to do whatever is necessary to make sure that serious, organized crime is stamped out,” Lofven told news agency TT
“However, I ask that you be civil and respectful in your criticisms as that is more constructive Cussing and threatening the people involved will not accomplish justice and serves no useful purpose
com tweeted, Ellison knew what kind of man Farrakhan was then and what kind of man he still is today Ahrens tweeted, “In 1993, Farrakhan told women: “You’re a failure if you can’t keep a man
 official, who was not authorized to discuss the issue and spoke only on condition of anonymity Still, the delay prompted critics to speculate that the delay signaled the White House was having second thoughts about the nomination
“Why is it so easy, Theresa May, to jail Tommy Robinson, but so difficult to do anything at all about the monstrous crimes committed in the name of Islam all over this country every day? Why?” Waters asked
However, the law is quite clear, the United States has the authority to detain illegal aliens; T itle 8 of the United States Code, Section 1226, Arrest And Detention Of Aliens , gives such authority to the Executive Branch And despite her realization that she has no authority over immigration policy, or that she will just be overruled, Saris again reaches, basing her assumption of authority over immigration based on the past Obama Regime Administrative Amnesty , when illegal aliens weren't deported
8% points for natives ADVANTAGE NATIVE-BORN 
This stealth proselytizing is nationwide Last January, parents filed a federal complaint against Chatham Middle School in Chatham, New Jersey, for forcing students to watch videos that proselytized for Islam
Now it’s clear why They wanted to hold off as long as possible on identifying this terrorist as another Muslim, and this as another jihad terror attack
‘The Democrats paid for the phony and discredited Dossier which was, along with Comey, McCabe, Strzok and his lover, the lovely Lisa Page, used to begin the Witch Hunt Disgraceful!’
Sessions long has been one of Trump’s favorite pinatas, often taking the brunt of the president’s public scorn Trump offered this assessment of his hand-picked attorney general recusing himself from the Justice Department’s special counsel probe of Russian election meddling: “What kind of man is this?”
” This man is a domestic terrorist and he assimilates with avowed enemies of the US, many of them US Democrats
In doing so, he has now not only defeated a legal threat to his own highly controversial gunsmithing project He may have also unlocked a new era of digital DIY gunmaking that further undermines gun control across the United States and the world—another step toward Wilson's imagined future where anyone can make a deadly weapon at home with no government oversight
This could be a great mercy for them as well as for society, both in terms of expiation and protection from any future crimes they might have perpetrated The death penalty, from the first one imposed on man by God in the beginning in Eden, to the one imposed on God by man on that Good Friday in Jerusalem, on down to those still being imposed today, transcends human legislation
He will cling to power with his last breath in order to carry out the many other acts of ecclesial subversion he clearly has in mind The only remedies for the plague of Bergoglio are his natural death or deposition
S  Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York is actively probing the Trump inaugural committee to determine if it received illegal foreign donations and if any of that money flowed through American intermediaries
Now, it’s quite different Donald Trump is extremely vilified not because he allegedly is/was racist/sexist, but because he threatens neoliberalism and neoconservatism, the American empire, one that continues to try and push an Orwellian state type of existence, which seems to be ramping up every single year
Kate Steinle’s murderer not guilty? This is outrageous!
First, he suggested it was simply evidence of the Guardian’s long-standing (and well-documented) hostility towards Assange “The Guardian, an otherwise solid and reliable paper, has such a pervasive and unprofessionally personal hatred for Julian Assange that it has frequently dispensed with all journalistic standards in order to malign him
It would take only three nuclear weapons to shatter Japan and just two to cripple South Korea, not to mention polluting the globe with radioactive dust and contaminating North Asia’s water sources Nuclear explosions would spread radioactive contamination over northern China and Pacific Russia
This is just the very beginning of the dark night of the soul of the Catholic Church The upcoming Synod and its embrace of the “LGBT” lifestyle makes a mockery of the suffering of the clergy victims and justifies the decades-old scandal
S  power to punish aggressors and "end tyranny in our world
This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further Bon Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to [sic] USA!” Trump wrote
Francis and Farrell’s 'Sinod' on the Youth, #StopThe Synod2018 During the last 5 years of this papacy, Francis and his Synodal Schemers masterfully manipulated, rigged, and exploited the synodal process
There are thousands of predominantly young men marching towards the border The first coils of the razor-sharp fence were unwound in the vicinity of McAllen–Hidalgo–Reynosa International Bridge crossing in Texas on Friday, after the first units of soldiers were deployed at the border started reinforcing the frontier against any potential breaches
Article posted with permission from Sons Of Liberty Media Biblical Illiterates Reverse Romans 13: Teach Submit to Tyranny!
You must be kidding me? Did David Van Zandt not watch Jim Acosta lie to Anderson Cooper about this episode and Cooper just sat there and let him lie to the American people, editing the video to not even show the point of contact in question?
The boy, Hunter Richard, said the man also pulled his hair while taking the hat, according to reports by News4SA “I support my President and if you don’t, let’s have a conversation about it instead of ripping my hat off
It’s been a smear campaign from the beginning and it is this way by design Amber Guyger took an innocent person’s life, and because people are so blinded by the badge, she is being portrayed as the victim
” Well, actually, your holiness, yes it is, particularly in the case of priests The “tendency” is called in the same catechism you quote “intrinsically disordered” and Ratzinger was very clear that this “tendency” is a sign of a serious emotional dysfunction that “must” preclude a man from being ordained
 companies and killing innocent Iranians To recap, the formerly terrorist-classified organization MEK, trained in the US and granted special privilege status by then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in 2012—which has since been heavily funded to refine their image by having famous US neoconservative war hawks from both sides of the isle actually chant for “regime change” on their behalf—is now the darling child of the neocon agenda and the impetus behind what could kick of World War 3
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Watching the full exchange it is obvious that Trump was making a sincere effort to answer Acosta’s questions, the president actually took the time to answer three of his questions before losing his patients with an argumentative Acosta who refused to hand the mic over to the female intern forcefully pushing her arm away
 market, get a strong hold on our uranium, and without a doubt we knew they were using political levers to try to get their way here We are talking about control, like this document says, they are trying to gain control of our markets
The Church in America has failed to keep the Commandments of the God of Israel Instead of preaching out against sin, they advocate for that which God clearly condemns, thereby making war against God (Micah 3:5), which at length destroys our government, our country and our families
The Collateral Damage video, the war logs of Afghanistan and Iraq, the Cablegate revelations, the Venezuela revelations, the Podesta email revelations … these are just a few of the storms of raw truth that have blown through the capitals of rapacious power The fakery of Russia-gate, the collusion of a corrupt media and the shame of a legal system that pursues truth-tellers have not been able to hold back the raw truth of WikiLeaks revelations
Despite Israel's repeated warnings, Barack Obama's reckless appeasement of the Iranian regime has enabled its rise as a hegemonic threat in the Middle East region as well as a threat to international peace and security In 2009, Obama turned his back on millions of dissidents in the streets of Tehran and other Iranian cities, who were peacefully protesting the rigged election of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as president
The settlement was approved by a federal judge Becerra’s statement, “it needlessly endangered our children, our loved ones and our men and women in law enforcement,” is preposterous left-wing political argle-bargle
Will there be wall-to-wall coverage in the media eviscerating Gilllum for making promises he can’t keep? Will Gillum be asked to denounce his campaign staffer using a racial slur to demean white voters in Florida?
If they can’t get their work out there, we can help Join alternative social media outlets like Gab and MeWe
Continuing South and North Korean peace talks scheduled this week were cancelled by the furious North Koreans The much ballyhooed Singapore summit between US President Donald Trump and North Korea’s Kim Jong-un is now threatened with cancellation or delay
The law caught up Less than a week later, Wilson received a letter from the US State Department demanding that he take down his printable-gun blueprints or face prosecution for violating federal export controls
” Kavanaugh and his friend Mark Judge were present at the party at which she was raped, she states, but she doesn’t accuse them of participating in it In response, Kavanaugh labeled Swetnick's salacious allegations "ridiculous and from the Twilight Zone
I’ve been praying that prayer even more earnestly in these past weeks as the Church in the United States has once again come face-to-face with its sins, with reports that former cardinal Theodore McCarrick, one of the most prominent Churchmen in the United States in the last quarter century, has been accused of abusing two minors and sexually harassing or assaulting a number of seminarians and young priests To make matters worse (if that is even possible), evidence has surfaced that indicates that a bishop, as well as some priests and laity, had brought the allegations about misconduct with seminarians to the attention of Church authorities but to no avail: Archbishop McCarrick was nonetheless “promoted” to become the archbishop in our nation’s capital, and elevated to the College of Cardinals
” While many are happy that Tillerson is gone, many of us are concerned with Mike Pompeo being installed at Secretary of State, especially regarding his un-American comments against NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden, who exposed the criminal activity of the Deep State in DC
Who ‘Won’ the Trump-Kim Summit? Last week’s Economist Magazine won the day with the best-ever headline about the Trump-Kim Jong-un summit: `Kim Jong Won!’
” Over and over again, you can see that the Church was to stand in protest against the wicked that were at war with Christ (Revelation 12:17), in dealing with not only the corrupt and wicked priests, but also the corrupt and wicked in government
Page left the FBI in May and Strzok got the axe last month That means there are still thousands of unaccountable Deep State operatives in the Trump administration that have yet to be dealt with
Many in the hierarchy were active homosexuals who intentionally relaxed and ignored the Church’s teaching and moral stance on homosexuality The personal wreckage brutally portrayed in the Pennsylvania Grand Jury Report is the direct result of a clerical culture which embraced homosexuality and groomed, recruited, and assaulted young people into this sordid lifestyle
” No, Bergoglio cannot “simply fire” bishops Except whenever he pleases, as we have seen again and again with the conservative bishops and even Cardinals (Burke and Müller) he has sacked because their conservatism offended him or one of his friends, prompting even Crux to ask: “Does Pope Francis have an enemies list?” Then again, Francis even obtained the removal of his own “trusted counselor” McCarrick from the College of Cardinals, albeit only when forced to act due to worldwide condemnation in the media
Instead they caved to Iranian pressure in order to get the deal done Now that President Trump is trying to clean up the mess Obama and Kerry left him, Kerry has the gall to label President Trump’s decision a "reckless abandonment of facts in favor of ego and ideology" and to accuse the Trump administration of “lying to the American people
Contradictory conceptions concerning the Sacraments, said the cardinal, lead into chaotic conditions Thus, explained the cardinal, the Sacraments have to be celebrated the way Christ Himself willed it when he instituted them
Yet, in the midst of all of this, don't forget that the FBI ignore the intelligence that was provided to them, just like they have in many cases, which, if they had acted, they may have saved the little boy's life In the meantime, the New Mexico district attorney who failed to file for a preliminary hearing within 10 days and didn’t show up for court is vowing to pursue prosecution of these jihadis
It's time to jail Mueller and cancel this witch hunt!!! Lock them all up this has to end!!!
“I felt that it was my duty to share the information,” Schaaf said Whatever the leak pipeline looked like, it's good odds that it began with Obama holdovers ensconced in the government
Of course, as with the number of illegal immigrants entering our county, the Feds downplay the actual number which always ends up to be more than quadruple their stated number What we seem to have here with the illegal immigration situation today is some very good actors on the Left accusing the Trump Administration of being cruel and insensitive with separating children from their families once they cross the Mexican border into the US
In discussing the arrival of these migrants who obviously gotten incredible help along the way, busted through customs gates, and pushed at the Mexican border while committing all sorts of crimes against many they come in contact with along the way, Lemon said what is clearly not only racist but utterly insane "We have to stop demonizing people and realize the biggest terror threat in this country is white men, most of them radicalized to the right, and we have to start doing something about them,” Lemon said
At that point, after the Ralston tweet, Murillo openly admits the partisan motives of Google’s electioneering efforts “On personal note, we really thought we had shown up to demonstrate our political power against a candidate who had vehemently offended our community by calling us rapists and drug dealers,” Murillo wrote
I just think a conversation about politics is more productive for the entire whole rather than taking my hat and yelling subjective words to me,” he told the local NBC affiliate A police report was filed and a man was fired for stealing the hat and the assault (throwing a drink in a Trump supporter’s face
Florida shooting: Gun control law moves step closer New gun control measures for Florida have passed another legal hurdle, weeks after one of the worst school shootings in US history
But experts now warn that because they are being used so much to treat the infection, antibiotics resistance is inevitable and making this disease much more terrifying Once the bacteria is resistant, the Madagascar healthcare system will be overwhelmed, and the disease will have control of the nation
The spread of clerical sodomy has not respected national boundaries but rather extends throughout the Church under the eyes of a Vatican apparatus that is itself thoroughly infested with homosexuals This is thanks in large measure to Bergoglio, who made a flagrantly active homosexual, Monsignor Battista Ricca, “prelate of the gay lobby,” no less than head of his papal household
Neither Manafort nor these “Russians” are in the visitor logs … What possible motive would the Ecuadorean government have for facilitating secret unrecorded visits by Paul Manafort? Furthermore it is impossible that the intelligence agency – who were in charge of the security – would not know the identity of these alleged “Russians”
According to Carlson, the owner of the tape maintains that law enforcement investigators have never asked to see the footage A preliminary report on the shooting released by the LVMPD on Friday only lists seven victims as being “placed” outside of the venue, two of which were over a half mile away
“ This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further
The idea was that since an investigation would lead to Oswald’s supposed communist confederates in the front, which in turn would lead to nuclear war, the investigation had to be shut down immediately, especially since it was the CIA itself that had started the assassination game by repeatedly attempting, in partnership with the Mafia, to assassinate Castro It was one of the most brilliant and cunning ruses in history
He found a narrative from British counter-jihad groups closely aligned with the alt-right, such as Britain First and the founder of the English Defence League Tommy Robinson ” The British counter-jihad movement is thus swept into the same group of violent extremists as Osborne, because Ganesh “knows” they encouraged him
But right now it increasingly appears the Trump Effect is real—and achieved entirely through enhanced enforcement What could happen if the GOP-controlled Congress woke up and enacted an immigration moratorium?
Like the invasion of Iraq, it was based on lies When the Libyan President was murdered publicly and gruesomely with a knife, Clinton was filmed whooping and cheering
Is it any wonder that so many Catholics have become disaffected? Cardinal Ratzinger, Pope “Emeritus” Benedict – whatever you want to call yourself – I have one question that I would really like you to answer: Why is this man still a cardinal?
The American Church, instead of protesting corruption in government through the example of the Biblical patriarchs and our American forefathers (Matthew 5:17-18), teach to submit to tyranny as if to suggest that it is somehow obedience to God (Romans 12:21) The Church in America has failed to keep the Commandments of the God of Israel
According to an ex-Secret Service agent, Vice-President Joe Biden was regularly engaged in “Weinstein-level” predatory behavior… An ex-Secret Service agent is claiming that former Vice President Joe Biden engaged in “Weinstein-level” sexual assault and that he would walk around the VP residence late at night completely naked
First he insulted the abuse victims Then, only when he was forced by the media, and a revolt by the Chilean victims and faithful, did he recognize his error and apologize, while stating that he had been misinformed, causing a disastrous situation for the Church in Chile, but continuing to protect the two Chilean Cardinals Errazuriz and Ezzati
Anti-jihadist activist Pamela Geller praised Orban for his honesty and wrote, "At last, a politician who speaks the truth about the Muslim invasion of Europe And while Orban is right that these are 'economic migrants,' they are also 'Muslim invaders
The White House demanded a final up and down vote on Tuesday; by Wednesday, he was saying that the nomination would die if Kavanaugh didn’t do well before the Judiciary Committee on Thursday The sum of all this has been, as in many other episodes, that Trump and his White House are a gang that can’t shoot straight and that he’s eager to blame his allies and lash out at his enemies in ugly ways when things go wrong
Less than a week later, Wilson received a letter from the US State Department demanding that he take down his printable-gun blueprints or face prosecution for violating federal export controls Under an obscure set of US regulations known as the International Trade in Arms Regulations (ITAR), Wilson was accused of exporting weapons without a license, just as if he’d shipped his plastic gun to Mexico rather than put a digital version of it on the internet
Then, only when he was forced by the media, and a revolt by the Chilean victims and faithful, did he recognize his error and apologize, while stating that he had been misinformed, causing a disastrous situation for the Church in Chile, but continuing to protect the two Chilean Cardinals Errazuriz and Ezzati Even in the tragic affair of McCarrick, Pope Francis’s behavior was no different
” As my piece was about to go to press, however, EWTN’s National Catholic Register broke the explosive story on the written testimony of Archbishop Carlo Maria Viganò , former apostolic nuncio to the United States (2011 to 2016) Faggioli’s propaganda piece now becomes merely illustrative of the points to be made here in light of this astonishing and indeed providential development
When asked for any proof for his assertion Harding defensively says that he is just "storytelling" - in other words: it is fiction Harding earlier wrote a book about Edward Snowden which was a similar sham
As every false accusation has fallen away, every bogus smear shown to be the work of political enemies, Julian stands vindicated as one who has exposed a system that threatens humanity The Collateral Damage video, the war logs of Afghanistan and Iraq, the Cablegate revelations, the Venezuela revelations, the Podesta email revelations … these are just a few of the storms of raw truth that have blown through the capitals of rapacious power
“Islamophobia,” Leftists insist, is a much greater issue This is the result: Useful Idiots such as Kyrsten Sinema end up promoting the likes of Lynne Stewart, who was convicted of aiding the jihad mass murder plotting of the Blind Sheikh, Omar Abdel Rahman, who masterminded the 1993 World Trade Center
As I said before, I knew I wouldn’t be believed ” Her comment came after another user pointed to comments made by Peter Daou, a Democratic strategist and former advisor to Hillary Clinton and John Kerry, who wrote in a tweet that the Kavanaugh accuser will be “attacked, smeared, and demonized” and that people must “believe women
4M social media impressions and signaled to many that Google and our partners value the Latino community and our role in this election We brought the same research to the LATISM conference, where people were beyond thrilled to see Google’s support and acknowledgment of the Latino community
It is up to members of Congress, and US allies like Israel and the Sunni Arab states to help Trump conceive and implement it If they fail, the possibility Trump created will be lost, perhaps irrevocably
Who runs the Internet runs the world Is this a partnership between Europe’s governments, the Internet giants, and Islamic influence?
The IAEA knows not to ask As to the JCPOA’s sunset provisions, the Obama administration lied about that too
It is also important to keep in mind that there is footage of a still unidentified team loading up gear in a helicopter near the scene of the attack “In what can only be described as a “WTF video” the following footage seems to literally show a team of unknown soldiers gearing up next to a helicopter near the Route 91 concert
Trump sought to set up Kim as a bogeyman, and himself as America’s savior Trump knew perfectly well that he could not destroy all of North Korea’s deeply buried nuclear-armed missiles, and, in spite of his huffing and puffing, had no stomach for an invasion of North Korea that could cost the US an estimated 250,000 casualties
And Viganò now confirms Tosatti’s allegation: “The appointments of Blase Cupich to Chicago and Joseph W  Tobin to Newark were orchestrated by McCarrick, Maradiaga and Wuerl, united by a wicked pact of abuses by the first, and at least of coverup of abuses by the other two
 Wilson’s legal fees The Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence has filed a Freedom of Information Act request to find out how this senseless decision was reached, and whether groups such as the National Rifle Association were involved
But she did not: She went on for another several paragraphs on the first page and an extra three pages to admit the openly partisan intent of Google’s actions, including a remarkable in-writing confirmation that at least one of Google’s actions amounted to a “silent donation”—something that could raise Federal Election Commission (FEC) red flags if authorities decide to launch an official investigation into this matter, now that these emails have been publicly revealed It is in the next paragraph that Murillo openly admits that Google made a “silent donation,” in her words, paying for rides to polls via leftist organization Voto Latino
 Farrakhan to express his anti-Semitism (Among his more infamous comments is his 1984 description of Adolf Hitler as “a very great man
At this point, although the murder rate has continued to rise dramatically, executions continue to be rare Many nations, notably England, France, Sweden, South Africa and our neighbors Canada and Mexico, have abolished the death penalty altogether
Voto Latino is vocally partisan Recently the group declared that Hispanics – ALL Hispanics are in President Trump’s “crosshairs
Many parents are motivated by a desire to give their children something better than a curriculum that has been dumbed down by federal initiatives like Common Core Other parents do not wish to have their children indoctrinated with views that contradict the parents’ political, social, or even religious beliefs
It did what it is designed to do We have previously shown that the Guardian even uses fascist propaganda tropes to smear the Russian people
Wow! Run for your lives!
By the time I read it, I had been through a long, slow transition from a childhood devoted to Our Lady and confirmed in my belief in wonders, to a kind of disappointed practical atheism after three years in a diocesan Catholic parochial school I had been taught, by both word and implication, that everything the Catholic Church had taught before Vatican II was pernicious nonsense
I’m sure President Trump is deeply disappointed in not being able to enter Tower Hamlets But this ridiculous exercise in virtue-signaling, even though it has not (yet) been taken up by the Home Office, only highlights Britain’s hypocrisy and double standards regarding who can enter the country and who cannot
NASA releases images captured at a record-breaking 3.79 billion miles from Earth NASA has a whole lot of fancy image-gathering hardware on Earth and in space, and we’ve seen countless of stunning snapshots taken from here on Earth as well as nearby planets like Mars, Jupiter and Saturn
House sources told TheDCNF these exchanges were only a public glimpse into numerous such interactions, which were frequently profane, with every official she could buttonhole One source said she also went to the Department of Justice and “made a stink
And when Pharaoh refused, God plagued the Pharaoh and the Egyptians and set His children free Think of this, the meekest man alive was sent to the face of the Pharaoh to tell him to obey or else
That is to say, one could not consecrate a brothel, one could not bless a concentration camp or weapons which are not explicitly ordained for hunting or for legitimate self-defense Therefore it is clear that one may not bless a relationship which is sinful; [one may not bless] the mafia; no blessing for organizations or institutions which promote or procure abortions or which propagate ideologies which are against the Faith, antisemitic contents, or other forms of racist thought
“We have urban Ebola, which is a very different animal from rural Ebola The potential for an explosive increase in cases is now there
— Diana Batissa (@DianaBatissa) December 1, 2017 SF city just proved beyond a shadow of a doubt that they dont care if YOU, or others get killed by their policies
©2018 Los Angeles Times, Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC The radical leftist gun grabbing anti-liberty California General Xavier Becerra is lying when he says the “Trump Administration inexplicably gave the green light to distribute on the internet blueprints of 3D-printed, untraceable ghost guns
It is often forgotten that Bergoglio’s notorious comment “who am I to judge” was in response to a question on a plane-presser about Ricca, and was followed with a similar claim from Francis about there having been no proof of his misbehaviour As the pseudonymous Marcantonio Colonna wrote in the book, “The Dictator Pope,” “In fact his patronage of Monsignor Ricca fits the pattern which was well established when he was Archbishop of Buenos Aires, whereby he surrounds himself with morally weak people so as to have them under his thumb
Since the airborne version of the plague can kill a person in just three hours, experts warn that its too soon to think that since there hasn’t been a person infected in recent days, that it won’t pop up again That’s because the bacteria that causes plague is now so widespread in wildlife, that humans can’t do anything to get rid of it, said Dr
Instead, Trump fell in with anti-Second Amendment liberals and started calling for more gun control, adding “mental health” restrictions to gun purchases and making his stupid Stalinist statements about taking guns first and worrying about due process later As a result, anti-gun liberals all over the country are using Trump’s own words and proposed gun control policies as a rallying cry to enact gun confiscation laws
“No investigative journalism in my lifetime can equal the importance of what WikiLeaks has done in calling rapacious power to account It is as if a one-way moral screen has been pushed back to expose the imperialism of liberal democracies: the commitment to endless warfare … When Harold Pinter accepted the Nobel Prize for Literature in 2005, he referred to ‘a vast tapestry of lies up on which we feed
Hungary PM Viktor Orban Vows to “Fight Those Who Want to Change the Christian Identity of Europe” Hungary's Prime Minister Viktor Orban has been somewhat of a lone voice in Europe against the Muslim invasion, and on Wednesday he gave a "Hungary First" speech in which he declared that he would "fight those who want to change the Christian Identity of Europe
The timing of this purge is rather dubious in my view, coming shortly before the midterm elections This could be an attempt by Facebook itself to affect the outcome of the coming elections
” Over and over again, you can see that the Church was to stand in protest against the wicked that were at war with Christ (Revelation 12:17), in dealing with not only the corrupt and wicked priests, but also the corrupt and wicked in government
One way or another, the Church will have to repel an attacker at her very summit Either the human element of the Church will act according to the means which seem possible, however extraordinary, or Heaven itself will intervene in a manner that might well involve a divine chastisement due to the negligence of time-serving pastors who left their sheep completely undefended against the wolves who preyed upon them, including the wolf the cardinals improvidently elected Pope
Facing his likely confirmation, the Dems, egged on by the mainstream media––especially The New Yorker, which published a story too badly sourced even for The New York Times–– are desperately attempting to obstruct and delay the process until after the midterm elections, when they hope they will retake the Senate and thus stop any more Constitutionalist judges from being confirmed to the Court for the rest of Trump’s term The Democrats have stooped so low with these smears because they know the stakes
After all you can always tell what a man stands for by the enemies that he has They hide behind a microphone day after day
None of that is discussed in the Guardian or considered grounds for disqualifying Blair as an arbiter of what is good for Britain and the world’s future The Guardian also has an especial soft spot for blogger Elliot Higgins, who, aided by the Guardian, has shot to unlikely prominence as a self-styled “weapons expert”
We respectfully ask President Trump to pardon Dwight and Steven Hammond I completely agree with that assessment and fully support President Trump pardoning these men
During the arraignment hearing, Magistrate Judge Kirtan Khalsa told the defendants there was “clear and convincing evidence that you are a danger to the community,” The Associated Press reported A federal grand jury indicted the group on Tuesday on conspiracy and federal firearms charges stemming from the discovery of a cache of weapons after law enforcement raided their home in search of a missing boy but, instead, found 11 malnourished children living in squalid conditions
The US Democratic Party is determined to take the world to thermo-nuclear war rather than to admit that Hillary Clinton lost the presidential election fair and square The Democratic Party was totally corrupted by the Clinton Regime, and now it is totally insane
“I do think that over the coming days and weeks there will be a strategy that will emerge, and I think it’s possible that strategy might ultimately defeat the nominee,” Seidman said in audio that was recorded by the Republican National Committee’s War Room “And whether or not it ultimately defeats the nominee it will, I think, help people understand why it’s so important that they vote
") In a separate text message to Page, Strzok wrote something cryptic about an “insurance policy” in case Donald Trump got elected
It is no surprise, therefore, that Frontpage’s editor, and host of ‘The Glazov Gang,’ was suspended from Facebook for 30 days yesterday, on September 11, after posting his article, ‘9 Steps to Successfully Counter Jihad ’ Glazov believed that the article was more relevant and urgent than ever due to the skyrocketing jihadist stabbings in Europe — and to the 17th anniversary of 9/11 that was approaching the next day
Thank you! Keeping things moving, and I think a lot of us can just shout out, “What are you thinking?” as President Donald Trump brings CIA Director Mike Pompeo, a man that blasted the likes of Edward Snowden for revealing the crimes of our government, to the State Department and installs Gina Haspel in the position of head of the Central Intelligence Agency
Trump, like Reagan, was an exception, and it is the exceptions that accumulate the ire of the corrupt leftwing, bought off with money, and the ire of the media, concentrated into small tight ownership groups indebted to those who permitted the illegal concentration of a once independent and diverse American media that once served, on occasion, as a watchdog over government The rightwing, wrapped in the flag, dismisses all truth as “anti-American
Las Vegas mass shooting victim Rocky Palermo was shot in the pelvis during the horrific attack and is now speaking out about what he saw and believes happened, including the presence of multiple shooters as well as locked concert gates and police telling frantic civilians to go in the other direction Palermo, who has done various interviews since the attack, appeared on “The Blast” with a series of shocking comments that correlate with various other reports indicating that multiple shooters carried out the attack and that the FBI is actively covering this up
One source is Paul Ryan: Evidence: “House Speaker Paul Ryan said Wednesday that Oversight Chairman Trey Gowdy was ‘accurate’ when he argued the FBI has acted appropriately in its ongoing probe of potential Russian links to the Trump campaign ” How could Ryan possibly know this?
Barr and his team are now reviewing the report and creating a summary document that will be sent to Congress, and possibly released Former San Antonio, Texas mayor and former Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julian Castro tweeted that the “American people deserve to know the full truth about Russia’s interference in our democracy
While the current Iranian regime is certainly no bastion of freedom, the idea that US intervention or a violent revolution would be beneficial for the people of Iran or American citizens is outright insane To see what US intervention—through military support and the support of opposition groups—does to countries, one need only look at Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, and Libya to see the horrific death tolls and war-ravaged dystopias left in America’s wake
The charges stem from an alleged scheme to bribe Vadim Mikerin, a Russian official at JSC Techsnabexport (TENEX), a subsidiary of Russia’s State Atomic Energy Corporation and the sole supplier and exporter of Russian Federation uranium and uranium enrichment services to nuclear power companies worldwide, in order to secure contracts with TENEX According to the indictment, beginning at least as early as 2009 and continuing until October 2014, Lambert conspired with others at “Transportation Corporation A” to make corrupt and fraudulent bribery and kickback payments to offshore bank accounts associated with shell companies, at the direction of, and for the benefit of, a Russian official, Vadim Mikerin, in order to secure improper business advantages and obtain and retain business with TENEX
We emphasized our mission to give Latinos access to information so that they can make an informed decision at the polls, and we feel very grateful for all the support to do this important work Latinos voted in record-breaking numbers, particularly with early votes
The environs of the Ecuadorian embassy are monitored especially heavily, with continuous filming by the UK and Ecuadorian authorities and most likely by the US and other actors with an interest in Assange’s fate The idea that Manafort or “Russians” could have wandered into the embassy to meet Assange even once without their trail, entry and meeting being intimately scrutinised and recorded is simply preposterous
Perhaps most surreal is the very same UN report cited by Haley also says the missile included a component that was manufactured by an American company Did she disingenuously omit that inconvenient bit from her remarks, or fail to read the entire UN report?
Another ground for deposition—as determined by the imperfect council, not any of us—would be that Bergoglio has deposed himself by promulgating heresy, fracturing the Church’s universal discipline respecting marriage and the Eucharist, and undermining the teaching of even his own immediate predecessors on matters of fundamental morality upheld by the Magisterium for two millennia Surely the Church cannot be without any remedy for a Pope who relentlessly attacks her very foundations!
#Update: Teen who made national news after having #MAGA hat stolen at a San Antonio fast food restaurant just got this in the mail A hat signed by @realDonaldTrump
Not since the Great Recession has the foreign-born working-age population declined for five consecutive months—but now, in telling contrast, the economy is expanding This makes the Trump Era immigrant workforce decline especially striking
The American people are not going to put up with this any longer We have no choice but to clean up our government because the rest of the world is laughing at us
" This suggested, of course, that giving advice on how to prevent another 9/11, and all other Jihadist attacks against America, is now against Facebook’s ‘community standards’
If it were, they wouldn't have to apply for a White House press pass This is a privilege issue and it seems that Acosta wore out his welcome with his attacks on Sarah Sanders, being belligerent during his time asking a question(s) of President Donald Trump, and his pushing aside a White House aide who simply tried to remove the microphone from him
Pennsylvania’s Supreme Court ruled last month that the report must be released but with some redaction The report’s release begins an information war, with prosecutors and many victims saying it’s the start of holding church leaders at the top accountable for the first time, while church lawyers and other advocates for the institution say the report depicts an era of another century, unfairly smearing today’s Catholicism in Pennsylvania
Proof ” Yes, Francis should resign if Viganò ’s allegations are true, Shea admits—a stunning concession coming from him
” What Cardinal Burke rightly describes as lacking in any magisterial weight whatsoever—and, in fact, in dire need of clarification and correction— has by papal fiat been declared magisterial, and thus binding on us all
99 Buy New $45 86 (as of 09:30 EDT - Details) Trump’s objectives, at least initially, were to crush North Korea and the threats it could pose to the United States and its regional allies Japan and South Korea
This is yet another big shake-up for Trump’s still-young administration — and it may be the most important one to date The move creates some big questions about both the administration’s foreign policy ambitions as well as the president’s relationship with the deep state
, All Rights Reserved, Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC Jeff Sessions lashes back at Trump
Glenn Greenwald, who once had an influential column in the Guardian until an apparent, though unacknowledged, falling out with his employer over the Edward Snowden revelations, wrote a series of baffling observations about the Guardian’s latest story First, he suggested it was simply evidence of the Guardian’s long-standing (and well-documented) hostility towards Assange
” “My god will wipe this country (America) from the face of the earth
To be sure, the Left's attacks on the David Horowitz Freedom Center continue unabated: just recently a hit piece in the Washington Post smeared a stand-up noble gentleman like Florida Gubernatorial Candidate Republican Ron DeSantis, libeling David Horowitz in the process The article stated falsely and maliciously that Horowitz's Restoration Weekend, that DeSantis had attended, was somehow “a racially charged event” -- a vicious lie that Frontpage has exposed and for which the Washington Post is still to apologize and issue a retraction
She also admits ongoing discussions among these people about meeting to give grieving Hillary Clinton supporters hugs after Trump crushed her on election day She also says those involved in Google’s get-out-the-vote efforts were openly seeking consolation after Clinton lost, and that she and another person cried after Trump won – for the first time they have cried due to an election result
Very little is said of any efforts being made to increase vocational outreach using the internet or through diocesan contacts And perhaps most telling of all, not one word is offered of applying any systematic religious solutions; no one is suggesting increased prayer or fasting, Rosary campaigns or novenas in what has to be the Carmelite Order’s most desperate hour
“It wounded many people who were abused…I ask them for forgiveness because I wounded them without realizing it, but it was an unintended wound And this horrified me a lot, because I had received them
The Church’s teaching is clear that the homosexual inclination is not in itself sinful, but it is intrinsically disordered in a way that renders any man stably afflicted by it unfit to be a priest And the decision to act upon this disordered inclination is a sin so grave that it cries out to heaven for vengeance, especially when it involves preying upon the young or the vulnerable
Linda Sarsour's Mentor, The WTC Bombing & A School Shooting Plot In New Mexico When the left made Linda Sarsour into its role model, it climbed into bed with the worst of the worst
Again and again it turns out that Wills has ignored key passages in order to make his case He asks why the Qur’an is “so ferocious to ‘hypocrites’ and apostates” (p
In 2,000, after a decade as a public defender, Gonzalez gained election to the San Francisco Board of Supervisors In 2003, as board president, he commissioned a graffiti artist to spray SMASH THE STATE on his office wall, in “traffic cone orange
N  nuclear watchdog agency on Tuesday that it plans only to increase enrichment within limits set by 2015 deal, the announcement came with threats from a top Iranian official that the activities could be quickly expanded
Trump’s professional reputation is already terrible, but everything counts As the political scientist Richard Neustadt said, political elites are constantly evaluating and re-evaluating the president
Many people were tortured and were starved to death there […] “The Jews were banished, tortured, and annihilated because of their deeds
Most of the cases in the past have been of the bubonic plague but if you look at this particular outbreak, 70 percent of the cases are pneumonic plague, which is the most deadly form of the disease If the treatment is not given in a very short period of time these people will end up dying
As details continue to surface, the pontiff’s professed empathy for abuse victims has come into question as well Yore called the child sex abuse case involving infamous Chilean priest abuser Father Fernando Karadima and Bishop Juan Barros “a scandal of epic proportions
We will not be silenced While it may seem bleak for now, we will rise from the ashes of the social media dinosaurs to help build and create new platforms that are out of their control where ideas of peace and freedom can be discussed openly without fear of devoting years to a platform that can disappear you in the blink of an eye
Do they believe their old agenda of open borders, amnesty, free trade globalism and democracy-crusading can become America's agenda again? Trumpism is not a detour, after which we can all get back on the interstate to the New World Order
 Immigration and Nationality Act ICE deportation officers carry out targeted enforcement operations daily nationwide as part of the agency’s ongoing efforts to protect the nation, uphold public safety, and protect the integrity of our immigration laws and border controls
Farrakhan Speech: 'Jews Are My Enemy,' 'White Folks Are Going Down' With the leftist media entirely focused on the push to ban AR-15s and repeal the Second Amendment, practically no one noticed Louis Farrakhan's Saviours’ Day 2018 Address in which he told an approving audience that "powerful Jews are my enemy," and "white folks are going down," according to The Washington Examiner
She and her attorneys feel that they are in the driver's seat and thus, can call all the shots Democrats want to delay this vote until after the midterms because they believe they have a chance to retake the Senate as well as the House
His employer was a San Antonio nightspot called Rumble Immediately upon learning of the altercation, the bar announced that it had fired Jimenez because they believed such behavior was immoral, uncalled for, and not in keeping with Rumble’s welcoming personality
Blue Privilege: Amber Guyger Free on Bail as Activists Who Peacefully Protested Her Rot in Jail The case of Amber Guyger, the police officer who admitted to shooting 26-year-old Botham Jean in his apartment for no reason, is a glaring example of “blue privilege” at work in our society
It means that we have kept quiet Keeping quiet has allowed the great atrocities of histories to take place
Then, the discourse of the Nuncio was the discourse of a Freemason: all of it was “progress,” “humanity,” “evolution,” and all the hubris of a Freemason And during the discourse of the Secretary of the Episcopal Conference, [the Secretary] said, “in the name of the Declaration of Religious Freedom [of Vatican II], we ask the President to remove this article in the Constitution
Mary, Mother of the Church, pray for us! Mary, Virgin and Queen, Mother of the King of glory, pray for us!
In an interview with Hill TV yesterday, the president said he ordered the mass declassification to show the public that the FBI investigation of the conspiracy theory began as a “hoax
Of course, many parents choose homeschooling as a means of protecting their children from federal education “reforms” such as Common Core Other parents are motivated by a desire to protect their children from the cultural Marxism that has infiltrated many schools
“Why is it so easy, Theresa May, to jail Tommy Robinson, but so difficult to do anything at all about the monstrous crimes committed in the name of Islam all over this country every day? Why?” Waters asked
” No, Bergoglio cannot “simply fire” bishops Except whenever he pleases, as we have seen again and again with the conservative bishops and even Cardinals (Burke and Müller) he has sacked because their conservatism offended him or one of his friends, prompting even Crux to ask: “Does Pope Francis have an enemies list?” Then again, Francis even obtained the removal of his own “trusted counselor” McCarrick from the College of Cardinals, albeit only when forced to act due to worldwide condemnation in the media
It did not allow Iranian parties to open accounts or correspondent accounts at US banks It did not allow Iran to send funds to the US or receive funds from the US
Democrats appear to want to keep the case out of court; a trial could expose their reckless IT practices Capitol Police didn’t make arrests despite numerous red flags and then ‘inadvertently’ gave evidence to defense attorneys that was supposed to go to prosecutors
Can the Church Defend Herself Against Bergoglio? Fisher is rightly incensed by Bergoglio’s cunning response, “I will not say a single word on this , ” concerning Archbishop Viganò’s damning indictment of Bergoglio’s rehabilitation of the monster once known as Cardinal McCarrick for some five years before adverse worldwide press coverage forced to him to punish that serial homosexual rapist of whose crimes Viganò had personally informed him back in 2013—information of which Bergoglio was clearly already aware at that time, as Viganò testifies
With President Trump’s nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court, it was clear that anyone Trump nominated was going to be attacked In fact, the demonstrators protesting the nomination had signs for all four of the finalists and were instantly ready to oppose the president regardless of his choice
I also oppose it because it's just another step for the federal government to say they need a database so states can check, thus identifying gun owners and possibly their weapons “People are dying of gun violence in our homes, churches, schools, on street corners and at public gatherings, and it’s important that lawmakers, policy leaders and advocates on all sides seek common ground to address this public health crisis,” said AMA Immediate Past President David O
Purge every homosexual from its clerical ranks #StopTheSynod
They say you shouldn’t yell fire in a crowded theater just to get a reaction But if you know the theater is in fact on fire and you do not shout out, what happens after is your responsibility
Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer Willfully Ignorant FBI Can't Discover Motive For Muslim Jihadi Who Drove Into Propane Tanks At Travis Air Force Base
Don Lemon Is Lying... Again: Biggest Threat Isn't "White Men" - The FBI's Most Wanted Domestic Terrorists Are These People “So, we have to stop demonizing people and realize the biggest terror threat in this country is white men, most of them radicalized to the right
Hey, Self Proclaimed "Fact Checkers" and Mainstream Media, Let's Not Let That Jim Acosta Propaganda You're Putting Out Go So Fast! Notice how quickly the drive-by media and self-proclaimed "fact checkers" gunned down the Trump administration and Infowars with their lying propaganda over the video that was enhanced, not doctored, to demonstrate that all of them and Jim Acosta are lying through their Communist teeth?
March 6th, 2017 Ma’am, you lied to me, didn’t you?
In analyzing the highly anticipated OIG report’s conclusions, it is clear that either Mr  Horowitz himself decided to pull his punches or that the final version, which had been reviewed by upper echelons in both the FBI and Justice Department before its public release, emerged in a disappointingly watered-down form
“We just are going to allow the process to move forward, allow the facts to unfold,” Pompeo said “And as they unfold, as we make a determination for ourselves about what happened there, based on the facts that are presented to us, the United States will determine what the appropriate response might be
Concerned clergy and laity throughout the Catholic world are doing what they can according to their stations But in the midst of that “final battle” over marriage and family of which Sister Lucia warned the late Cardinal Caffarra in light of the Third Secret of Fatima, within the human element of the Church only the cardinals and the bishops possess the divinely bestowed power to repel an assault on marriage, family and the very integrity of the Faith that is now, for the first time in Church history, being led by a Roman Pontiff
” Smith says that in order to get voters on board with Gillum’s fairy tale platform, the campaign must “whip” lower income individuals “into a frenzy
Article posted with permission from Daisy Luther Why the Coordinated Alternative Media Purge Should TERRIFY Everyone: Soon Those Who Hate Freedom Will Have Unquestioned Access to the Minds of 2 Billion People
In another setback for the propaganda machine gearing up to impeach Viganò’s testimony, the Catholic Herald has just reported that Cardinal Wuerl must have known full well from Viganò himself that McCarrick was under Pope Benedict’s papal sanctions on account of his sexual misconduct because, as an Archdiocesan spokesman now confirms, at Viganò’s request as then papal nuncio Wuerl had to cancel a public appearance by McCarrick not long before Bergoglio’s election The Herald asks the obvious question: “[I]f Cardinal Wuerl was unaware of the sanctions, and unaware of the reason for them, why did he ask no questions of the nuncio regarding the reason for his demand?” The question answers itself, and Viganò’s testimony on this critical point stands confirmed by Wuerl’s own spokesman
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use The twelfth-century Muslim historian Ibn Baydhaq detailed how the Almohads treated the Jews as they advanced:
5) Where the Gospel proclaims the good news of Jesus’ death and resurrection for the salvation of all, and the fulfillment of the Covenant initiated with the Hebrews, Allah has nothing to offer but war and murder of the “infidels” in exchange for his paradise: “They fight on the way of Allah, they kill and are killed
S  as "Great Satan" during a Tehran University Speech; Says to Iranians: If You Persevere in Your Revolution Despite the Sanctions, "Victory Will Be Yours
Instead, Trump fell in with anti-Second Amendment liberals and started calling for more gun control, adding “mental health” restrictions to gun purchases and making his stupid Stalinist statements about taking guns first and worrying about due process later As a result, anti-gun liberals all over the country are using Trump’s own words and proposed gun control policies as a rallying cry to enact gun confiscation laws
Another illegal immigrant from Mexico, previously deported in 2014 for a conviction for armed robbery, also evaded capture Sanctuary City Mayor Protected Illegal Alien Mexican Rapist
So it probably still isn't over The statement though is full of conspiracy theories and blames everyone else for Davis' behavior except him
While he is deeply concerned that British people not begin to think that resisting jihad terror means that they are in a “battle” with the “entire religion” of Islam, he appears unaware of the fact that many Muslims throughout history have considered their entire religion to be at war with the entire non-Muslim world I document this abundantly in my new book The History of Jihad From Muhammad to ISIS 
Webb’s “Dark Alliance” series contained evidence that cocaine trafficking was going on with the connivance of the CIA Later Webb was hounded by fellow journalists and, unable to find work, he eventually committed suicide
Wilson boasted that his efforts have officially killed gun control "I barely put a million bucks into this and I got you the Second Amendment forever," he told The Daily Wire in a phone interview
Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer New Mexico Jihadis’ Defense Attorney: “If These Were White Christians…No One Would Bat An Eye”
This article was first written to address the neo-Catholic commentator Massimo Faggioli’s attempt , following the Pennsylvania grand jury report and the fall of ex-Cardinal Theodore McCarrick, to minimize the homosexual crisis in the Church and blunt the correlative rise of what he derides as “neo-traditionalism ” As my piece was about to go to press, however, EWTN’s National Catholic Register broke the explosive story on the written testimony of Archbishop Carlo Maria Viganò , former apostolic nuncio to the United States (2011 to 2016)
Just as it failed to provide any meaningful information about the background of the case That was in part because it would have been damaging to Obama
So it probably still isn't over The statement though is full of conspiracy theories and blames everyone else for Davis' behavior except him
[6] “justice and beneficence” are considered on behalf of the community, not the patient [7] Bioethicists take it as read that in order for a life to have sufficient “quality” it must demonstrate sufficient autonomy
“Glazov’s advice also involves the promotion of supporting moderate Muslims – a move that is, clearly, horrifying to Facebook’s masters and therefore also violates their ‘community standards,'” the report said No doubt, Glazov’s consistent campaigning on behalf of Muslim women and girls in his efforts to protect them from FGM, honor killings and other Shariah barbarities, has gained him the anger and hatred of Facebook’s guardians — who are clearly on the side of the Shariah enforcers and oppressors of Muslim women and girls
It just says he was “known ” And even if he did act weirdly or strangely, if we denied constitutional rights to everyone in that category, a majority of Americans would have no rights, and ALL of Congress would have no rights
Neither Manafort nor these “Russians” are in the visitor logs … What possible motive would the Ecuadorean government have for facilitating secret unrecorded visits by Paul Manafort? Furthermore it is impossible that the intelligence agency – who were in charge of the security – would not know the identity of these alleged “Russians”
I realize it’s a challenge, but few challenges have greater payoffs in this world or the next There is no better way to keep the Catholic family together and committed to the Catholic restoration than the Catholic home school
[6] “justice and beneficence” are considered on behalf of the community, not the patient [7] Bioethicists take it as read that in order for a life to have sufficient “quality” it must demonstrate sufficient autonomy
Democrats have been covering up his sexual crimes for years, and my hope is that now this will start to change Juanita Broaddrick, Kathleen Willey, Connie Hamzy, Eileen Wellstone, Sandra Allen James, Christy Zercher, Paula Jones, Monica Lewinsky, Gennifer Flowers, Elizabeth Ward Gracen, Sally Perdue, Lencola Sullivan, Susie Whitacre and Bobbie Ann William are some of the women that have made allegations against Clinton, and if even half of their allegations are true Clinton should be in prison for the rest of his life
S  weapons transfers, or for arming al-Qaeda’s affiliate in Syria, just to name two examples of Washington’s schizophrenic approach to the region
“This is a f***ed up state,” said Smith “It’s a cracker state
” Candidate’s True Politics: “Gillum is a Progressive” and “He is a part of the crazy, crazy, crazies
They have also paid $400,000 to the United States to settle a related civil suit The Hammonds are devoted family men, respected contributors to their local community, and have widespread support from their neighbors, local law enforcement, and farmers and ranchers across the West
What is the first thing they do after it is discovered a child was murdered on the compound and several starved to almost certain death? They destroyed the compound to cover up both their negligence and what happened there
Nearly five hours of unprecedented and surreal talks between US President Donald Trump and North Korea's Kim Jong Un culminated on Tuesday with fulsome declarations of a new friendship but just vague pledges of nuclear disarmament For Trump, that amounted to a triumphant outcome in his extraordinary gamble with the rogue kingdom's despotic leader
GOA Executive Director Erich Pratt writes: The anti-gun Left is hopping-mad, now that Judge Brett Kavanaugh has been confirmed to the Supreme Court
More than 100 Russian individuals and companies have been sanctioned for a variety of reasons Despite the hysteria of the left, it is impossible to see the Trump administration as anything but firm in its dealing with Russia
If Putin doesn’t listen to him, Russia is in the trash can of history Keep in mind that no media informs you better than my website
But it is a profound tragedy, John, the way they are treating Julian Assange, this prolific journalist and publisher who so many other journalists have depended on in the past He has been totally left out in the cold to fend for himself
Then suddenly, those illegal aliens claimed they were being denied an opportunity to file for asylum or were not receiving due process They filed a case in the Federal courts and were assigned to a Kritarch, Patti Saris, who apparently thinks she runs immigration policy, even after aliens have had their day in court
” She referred again to a video she says she has of Ellison dragging her off a bed, which he has said did not happen She has declined to show the video, saying it is traumatizing
Kavanaugh stole the show The judge forcefully stood up for himself as his voice trembled with righteous indignation, calling out Democratic senators for plotting against him
This woman wouldn't even concede! Talk about a poor sport, but Democrats are often like that in these races
Trump offered this assessment of his hand-picked attorney general recusing himself from the Justice Department’s special counsel probe of Russian election meddling: “What kind of man is this?” Trump, in an interview that aired Thursday morning, also blasted Sessions because, he said, the former Alabama senator “never took control of the Justice Department
Indeed, by his action he has divided them, led them into error, and encouraged the wolves to continue to tear apart the sheep of Christ’s flock In this extremely dramatic moment for the universal Church, he must acknowledge his mistakes and, in keeping with the proclaimed principle of zero tolerance, Pope Francis must be the first to set a good example for cardinals and bishops who covered up McCarrick’s abuses and resign along with all of them
I am not a fan of Donald Trump But to see the partisans of the defeated candidate (and a particularly obnoxious defeated candidate) manipulate the security services and the media to create an entirely false public perception, in order to attempt to overturn the result of the US Presidential election, is the most astonishing thing I have witnessed in my lifetime
It isn’t going to stop until we boot out the corrupt career politicians that are engaging in this type of behavior So I am asking you to support my campaign and other “grassroots deplorables” that are running for office all over the nation
Ramirez claims Kavanaugh exposed himself to her and brushed his genitals against her Also on Sunday, media-savvy sleazeball lawyer Michael Avenatti, who represents porn star Stormy Daniels, tweeted that he represents another woman who plans to accuse Kavanaugh of something
And despite her realization that she has no authority over immigration policy, or that she will just be overruled, Saris again reaches, basing her assumption of authority over immigration based on the past Obama Regime Administrative Amnesty , when illegal aliens weren't deported Kritarch Saris is in the wrong on both counts; she has neither authority over the detention of illegal aliens nor any authority to continue the Obama Regime Administrative Amnesty
At least 128 people have been killed and more than 1,300 infected by the deadlier pneumonic strain of the medieval disease But the oncoming rainy season could see the number of those infected explode exponentially
” John Kerry has obviously learned nothing from the North Korean fiasco, which resulted from years of phony agreements with the rogue regime and so-called “strategic patience
[…] “Hitler was not the first in the West to perpetrate a genocide Inhuman and criminal annihilation runs in the veins of many in the West
(emphasis mine) Since our founders clearly said that our rights come from our Creator, and the Second Amendment acknowledges that the "right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed," I truly wonder where he gets this idea the state has a right to do just that, infringe on the rights of the people by regulating firearms
In June, LifeSiteNews reported that Orbán had taken a strong stand and not backed down against outside globalist influences seeking to control his nation’s politics Billionaire George Soros, who famously backs many progressive initiatives around the world, locked horns with Orbán over the Central European University (CEU) he founded in 1989, which has been criticized as a funnel for anti-nationalist views
That the penalty is due primarily as expiation to God in justice, and only secondarily to man has been lost sight of altogether The supernatural dimension of the punishment as an agent for the spiritual good of both society and the criminal is furthermore not only not addressed, but treated as non-existent
55 Buy New $6 00 (as of 11:45 EDT - Details) Trump ordered the DOJ to release the text messages of former FBI Director James Comey, his deputy Andrew McCabe, now-fired special agent Peter Strzok, former FBI attorney Lisa Page and twice-demoted DOJ official Bruce Ohr
With Trump’s capture of the party they were repudiated There will be no turning back
Kate Steinle's death at the hands of a Mexican national became a flashpoint in the immigration debate — here's the story behind her killing The surprise acquittal of Jose Ines Garcia Zarate in the shooting death of San Francisco woman Kate Steinle set off a firestorm of outrage Thursday night, as top conservatives and critics of so-called "sanctuary cities" pinned blame for Steinle's death on illegal immigration and insufficiently aggressive deportation policies
” - Cardinal Raymond Burke’s statement declares: “The declarations made by a prelate of the authority of Archbishop Carlo Maria Viganò must be totally taken to heart by those responsible in the Church
No amount of chest-thumping and empty rhetoric by American political and/or military leaders can offset this harsh reality This is the critical lesson of Yemen, and the United States would do well to heed it before it tries to foment a crisis based upon trumped-up charges
“He’s been vindicated by them,” Evan Pérez said of President Trump and the Mueller report “And then he’s now vindicated, exactly,” Gloria Borger said
BDS provocateurs at McGill had relentlessly tried and failed to pass boycott resolutions against Israel In fact, three attempts within an 18-month period were quashed
Third, faithful to the free trade cult in which they were raised, Republicans championed NAFTA, the WTO, and MFN for China Historians will look back in amazement at how America's free trade zealots gave away the greatest manufacturing base the world had ever seen, as they quoted approvingly 18th- and 19th-century scribblers whose ideas had done so much to bring down their own country, Great Britain
Not likely at all! Instead, it is a virtual certainly that when Art of the Deal Trump sent out those two tweets, he was sending a message to the CIA as part of the negotiations: Give me what I want or I will release the records
As Trump administration mouthpieces were gabbing about peace and light, the US Air Force was getting ready to fly B-52 heavy bombers and F-22 Raptor stealth fighters around North Korea’s borders and missile-armed subs lurked at sea This provocation was the first of two major spring military exercises planned by the US and its reluctant South Korean satrap
He then transferred the data to Pakistan And the most powerful Democrats continue to protect jihad-treason
Those which were purely contemplative – a single-minded devotion to the adoration of God – were closed It is not an insignificant quirk of modern history, and one that tells us much about the nature of the current pontificate, that houses of contemplatives are always attacked by secularist regimes, from Henry VIII to the Soviet Union
More than 100 Russian individuals and companies have been sanctioned for a variety of reasons Despite the hysteria of the left, it is impossible to see the Trump administration as anything but firm in its dealing with Russia
As the DC roommate and protege of Ted McCarrick, Farrell so respected McCarrick, the Molester, that he fashioned his Coat of Arms as a tribute to Uncle Ted Farrell’s pathetic and laughable defense “I never knew anything about McCarrick” video highlights the continuing conspiracy of denial by the U
Why? Because they won't follow your unconstitutional and unlawful laws in the first place!
This is important as most actual "refugees" drop everything to flee their homelands if they are under threat of death Tellingly, these asylum applicants were the elite of Indonesian society, because their higher average IQ, than the rather dull Indonesians
” By contrast, Barack Obama and his obsequious acolytes were besotted by the prospect of forging détente with the despotic mullahs of the Islamic Republic
––why has Grassley so far allowed himself to be played by the Dems? Because Republicans fear the backlash from all those women voters who presumably agree with the fundamentalist feminists, and insist that every accusation of sexual assault, no matter how much it’s unsupported by corroborating evidence or even plausibility, must be believed
Why are we even talking about nuclear war in North Asia? Because North Korea has scraped and skimped for decades to build nuclear weapons for the sole reason of deterring a major US attack, including the use by the US of tactical nuclear weapons
S  combat troops from Iraq, giving rise to ISIS’s re-emergence in Iraq from its bases in Syria
Prior to his 26 year tenure in the transportation industry – 20 of which have been with TLI, Mr  Lambert was an Arabic Linguist for the Navy for five years, and a Senior Intel Analyst for the Department of Defense (DoD) for three years
She also says that the company—and herself in particular—will redouble efforts in the future to get a different and more desired result in future elections “I’m in shock and it hurts more than I could have ever imagined, but trying to stay optimistic and keep my head high,” Murillo wrote
No more hiding under your school desks or in dank basements As Trump grandly proclaimed, Americans no longer have to fear North Korea and can sleep peacefully at night!
On the other hand, this focus allows the administration to perpetuate the destructive fantasy that there are other types of “extremists” — who just happen to be the Left’s political opponents — that pose a great threat to the country For example, as Stephen Coughlin has revealed, the “violent extremists” the administration is clearly worried about are the “right-wing Islamophobes” whom the administration obviously considers to be the real threat to American security
“I think we are all counting on the district attorney, on those in positions of trust and power right now, to do the right thing,” O’Rourke said, implying that, at the very minimum, Amber Guyger should be fired “There has to be a full accounting for how young black men continue to be killed in this country without accountability, without justice, without these full investigations, without respecting their civil rights
Him, the PLO and the KKK "Any Jew who opposes the Occupation — or opposes Zionism itself — knows that feeling of being shunned from the places that are supposed to shelter and nurture you: families, synagogues, community centers, arts organizations," Fishback continues
” “When the Parkland shooting happened, our phone calls and emails exploded,” said coalition president Tim Lambert
As to Bergoglio in particular, he courageously states openly the truth that so many of his brethren know but fear to speak in public: I want to recall this indefectible truth of the Church’s holiness to the many people who have been so deeply scandalized by the abominable and sacrilegious behavior of the former Archbishop of Washington, Theodore McCarrick; by the grave, disconcerting and sinful conduct of Pope Francis and by the conspiracy of silence of so many pastors, and who are tempted to abandon the Church, disfigured by so many ignominies
Published just three months before the close of Vatican II and just as Annibale Bugnini was cranking open the floodgates of his never-ending stream of liturgical alterations, Mysterium Fidei is now an important marker of a critical turning point in Catholic history, perhaps the most important of modern times Who can read this without cringing at what we now know was about to happen:
Although the issue came to the attention of a much broader audience during the most recent papal trip, the outcry has been ongoing since his appointment to the southern Chilean diocese of Osorno in 2015 Barros was a student protégée of the charismatic homosexual/pederast predator Fernando Karadima, and went on to be ordained in 1984, made bishop in 1995 and appointed as bishop of the armed forces
"It's embarrassing for this so-called land of democracy and freedom of speech," he said "How many hate preachers are living in this country?
” It's not just people harassing Haig at his home: Conspiracy theorists online have seized on Haig's engineering background to lob wild claims about the Las Vegas shooting
) In his National Lawyers Guild speech Ellison spoke favorably of cop killers Mumia Abu-Jamal and “Assata Shakur” (Joanne Chesimard), who was wanted for the murder of New Jersey state trooper Werner Foerster in 1973
According to a document released by Edward Snowden, Assange is on a “Manhunt target list” One leaked official memo says: “Assange is going to make a nice bride in prison
The assault on our country at our Southern Border, including the Criminal elements and DRUGS pouring in, is far more important to me, as President, than Trade or the USMCA Hopefully Mexico will stop this onslaught at their Northern Border
S  Conference of Mayors has a 50-year history of formally adopting and aggressively promoting strong policies to reduce gun violence, all consistent with its support for the Second Amendment to the Constitution
That’s “far right”? In any case, note well: the letter to me from the UK Home Office said that I was banned for saying that “[Islam] is a religion and is a belief system that mandates warfare against unbelievers…”
Then Hayden doubled down on that analogy It's particularly stupid of Michael Hayden to make that analogy because during the Bush years, the agencies he ran were compared to Nazi Germany
Those, however, who maintain its continued use often see it more as a tool for revenge Please consider that in anger and tragedy, the desire for revenge usually overrides reason and an honest answering of the question “must this person’s life be taken to preserve society?” The desire for swift and firm convictions has sent many to death who never deserved such a punishment, nor was such a punishment truly necessary for the safety of society
 Ford Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Charles Grassley (R-I) has bent over backwards to accommodate Ms
He made all the right noises, talking about his “pain and shame,” and reportedly even crying, at what happened “I know the pain of these cases of child abuse and I am following how much is needed to overcome this serious and painful evil,” he said
Sodano even went so far as to issue a statement to the Vatican press office in which a falsehood was affirmed, that is, that Pope Benedict had decided that the Maciel case should be considered closed Benedict reacted, despite Sodano’s strenuous defense, and Maciel was found guilty and irrevocably condemned
#KateSteinle #KatesLaw #JoseZarate — Ginger (@SpicyMustang) December 1, 2017 I seriously feel like buying my own damn bricks & building this damn wall myself!
First censorship, now this When will something be done about these tech and social media companies?
A former CIA director compared US immigration policy to Nazi Germany in an ominous Tweet “Other governments have separated mothers and children,” Former CIA and NSA chief Michael Hayden wrote on Saturday, along with a black and white photo of the Birkenau concentration and death-camp in Poland
We do not know We do know now that Bugnini was primarily responsible for the change in liturgy, and that he is an infamous Freemason
Growing US hysteria over North Korea, a nation of only 25 million, recalls the propaganda storm launched by Washington to justify its invasion of equally small Iraq The dim-witted US ambassador to the UN, Nikki Haley, has become point-woman for hurling warlike threats at North Korea even though this neocon poster-girl’s foreign affairs experience appears to have been limited to the International House of Pancakes in her native South Carolina
” That document alone is 75% of the usurpations that the Tyrant King George committed against our forefathers and what it is that our forefathers would not put up with Our American history found in that document teaches that our forefathers threw off the tyrant that would not be ruled by God and declared “Resistance to tyrants is obedience to God!"
Nowhere was this more evident than in the manner in which Trump described Iran’s repressive regime and attempts by the Iranian people to overthrow it through peaceful protest When it comes to Iran’s governing authorities, the Trump administration is under no illusions about the nefarious nature of this fascist theocracy
00 Buy New $17 99 (as of 03:35 EDT - Details) He’d launched the site months earlier along with an anarchist video manifesto, declaring that gun control would never be the same in an era when anyone can download and print their own firearm with a few clicks
” What Cardinal Burke rightly describes as lacking in any magisterial weight whatsoever—and, in fact, in dire need of clarification and correction— has by papal fiat been declared magisterial, and thus binding on us all
And I am calling on Congress to immediately release the details of all of the 264 cases of sexual harassment that have been settled since 1997 The American people have a right to know, and those that engaged in this type of behavior do not have a right to hide
He likes a racist hate group But doesn't believe white people are devils or Jews are satanic
He denounced law enforcement authorities for prosecuting the attempted murder of police officers Referring to the days Soliah/Olson had spent in the SLA under the leadership of Donald DeFreeze (“Field Marshal Cinque”), Ellison hailed Soliah/Olson as a “black gang member” and portrayed her as a victim of government persecution
Nothing! And what of the training of little jihadis?
The larger-than-usual outbreak had helped spread the bacteria that causes the plague more widely This along with poor sanitation and vector control on Madagascar meant that "when (the plague) comes again it starts from more stock, and the magnitude in the next transmission could be higher than the one that we saw," Tedros said
Donald Trump has ratcheted up his pressure on Attorney General Jeff Sessions, saying in a tweet that the Attorney General of the United States should step in and put an end to Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s long-running Russia probe ‘Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now,’ the president tweeted
His son was on the radar of counterterror officials for 13 years on suspicion of jihad activity He was training school shooters
He said, “The smoke of Satan has entered the Church ” But where are the men responsible for the destruction of the Church?
Dear Cardinal Marx and dear Bishop Bode, there is only one Catholic answer: No! And your addition “in individual cases” is absolutely worthless, it has no argumentative force
Now officially Voto Latino is a non-partisan entity, but that is a sham Voto Latino is vocally partisan
 and Europe keep silent about Muslim persecution of Christians, and enforce that silence upon others Robert McManus, Roman Catholic Bishop of Worcester, Massachusetts, said it on February 8, 2013 as he was suppressing a planned talk at a Catholic conference on that persecution: “Talk about extreme, militant Islamists and the atrocities that they have perpetrated globally might undercut the positive achievements that we Catholics have attained in our inter-religious dialogue with devout Muslims
” His Twitter thread begins here: Somehow the openly racist and anti-Semitic Farrakhan and his hateful organization have managed for decades to avoid being harshly denounced as such by the news media, which instead has spent the last two years attempting to smear Donald Trump as the new Hitler
Jeremiah 1:18 Don’t forget about Amos, who was prophesying judgment upon the corrupt priests and the corrupt king of his day (Amos 7:10-16)
They are not learning theology, not philosophy, not anything They learn nothing now
There were people that went over there and tried to leave and there were cops that were telling them no, you can’t go out here, you have to go the other way,” he shockingly concluded This stunning testimony is obviously a huge bombshell in the ongoing investigation of the Las Vegas mass shooting and is sure to continue to add credence to the growing belief that we are not being told what actually happened that fateful night
An unprovable accusation from decades ago that the accuser said nothing about until years later, and that is uncorroborated by any other testimony or by the evidence of any similar behavior on Kavanaugh’s part This is clearly a set-up (Christine Ford is also a far-left Democrat operative) designed to derail the nomination of a good man
I don’t know yet how this will play out nationally or internationally But I do know this, and I make this my last point and last promise, for the Diocese of Madison: “As for me and my household, we will serve the Lord
” This was typical of the worthless assurances that Obama officials made
(source) Remember, this is coordinated, across multiple platforms
C ’s archbishop, Cardinal Donald Wuerl, former longtime leader of the Pittsburgh diocese, warned his priests in a letter that the probe will be “profoundly disturbing
If Manafort had really visited Assange, it would have long been known: In sum, the Guardian published a story today that it knew would explode into all sorts of viral benefits for the paper and its reporters even though there are gaping holes and highly sketchy aspects to the story
“The assault on our country at our Southern Border, including the Criminal elements and DRUGS pouring in, is far more important to me, as President, than Trade or the USMCA,” he wrote The USMCA is a disaster and should be done away with without this threat of a caravan of migrants
The Democratic presidential contenders are uniformly calling for Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s report on Russian tampering in the 2016 presidential election to be released publicly – while at least one high-profile candidate wants Attorney General Bill Barr to testify on the findings Minutes after the news broke Friday afternoon that the long-awaited report had been submitted to Barr, the White House hopefuls quickly fired off statements calling for the Trump administration to ensure the documents go public
Editor’s Note: Over the years, Bishop Robert Morlino of the Diocese of Madison has confirmed several of my children according to the traditional Rite of Confirmation, as his diocese has been a port in the storm for many displaced and disillusioned Catholic families We don’t see eye-to-eye on everything, of course, but his faith and pastoral solicitude have for us been a light in the darkness and proof that God has not left us orphans
 124) Then he offers a quotation from the New Testament Letter to the Hebrews saying that “if we sin again on purpose” there is “only a terrifying judgment to come” (p
[…] “Hitler was not the first in the West to perpetrate a genocide Inhuman and criminal annihilation runs in the veins of many in the West
And in Russia Gyulchekhra Bobokulova beheaded a 4-year-old girl and displayed her head in the street while shouting, “Allahu Akbar
” For years under Pope Benedict, Muller was engaged in an open war with the German episcopate who insisted that they were going to allow Communion for the divorced and remarried, no matter what Rome said, even threatening to go into schism if they didn’t get their way[2]
In addition, he appointed the Brazilian Ilson de Jesus Montanari — the great friend of his private Argentine secretary Fabian Pedacchio — as Secretary of the same Congregation for Bishops and Secretary of the College of Cardinals, promoting him in one single leap from a simple official of that department to Archbishop Secretary Something unprecedented for such an important position!
As the West wants eastern Europe to follow its lead, an increasingly vicious struggle was likely, he said, alluding to a plan to redraw the European alliance advocated by the leaders of France and Germany "Absurd as it may sound the danger we face comes from the West, from politicians in Brussels, Berlin and Paris," Orban said to loud applause
Republicans on Capitol Hill, including House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif , are touting the president’s order, saying it covers “pretty much everything that he wanted…and the text messages are a bonus,” a source said of Nunes
An aggravated element of a hate crime was added to Traore’s indictment following vocal protests by CRIF, which said that the omission of such charges may have part of a “cover up” by French authorities Witnesses said Traore called Halimi a “demon” as he was pummeling her
Like Luke Harding, Higgins invariably seems ready to echo whatever the British and American security services need verifying “independently” Higgins and his well-staffed website Bellingcat have taken on for themselves the role of arbiters of truth on many foreign affairs issues, taking a prominent role in advocating for narratives that promote US and NATO hegemony while demonising Russia, especially in highly contested arenas such as Syria
Google Was ‘Working To Get Hillary Clinton Elected’ Tucker Carlson just blew the cover off the 2016 election influence charade, after he read an internal email on Monday night’s show from a senior Google employee who admitted to using company resources to make a “silent donation” to a liberal group that was creating ads and donating funds to bus Latinos to voting stations during the 2016 election in key swing states, in an effort to help Hillary Clinton win
I'm not for the government of Iran I despise Islam and I despise the ideology of Muhammad and his devout followers
But when Arnold got her grade back on Feb  1, she was shocked to see her professor had failed her
She said Thursday regarding Ms  Ford: "I believe her because she is telling the truth and you know it by her story
Texas teen says he had drink thrown at him at Whataburger because he was wearing pro-Trump hat A Texas teenager who supports President Trump says he was assaulted by a drink-throwing stranger at a Whataburger restaurant -- all because he was wearing a “Make America Great Again” hat
As Trump administration mouthpieces were gabbing about peace and light, the US Air Force was getting ready to fly B-52 heavy bombers and F-22 Raptor stealth fighters around North Korea’s borders and missile-armed subs lurked at sea This provocation was the first of two major spring military exercises planned by the US and its reluctant South Korean satrap
 Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 1, 2018 Enough is enough!!!
British politician Nigel Farage once helped convince Britons to vote for Brexit and separate from the European Union, but British establishment politicians have done everything they could to sabotage that vote since then Now Farage has apparently decided that if he can’t beat them, he’ll join them — if not on Brexit, then in their stance of denial and appeasement regarding the global jihad threat
“You didn’t give a damn back then You, Dicky Durban [sic], are a complete FRAUD
You are a socialist, you are way out of left field…” Gillum is a “crazy, crazy,” Democrat
Shapira ends his article by suggesting that commentators should do more complete research, maybe even use Google, before they jump to conclusions But Shapira would be wise to follow his own advice because he himself is guilty of what he accuses others of
The report’s release begins an information war, with prosecutors and many victims saying it’s the start of holding church leaders at the top accountable for the first time, while church lawyers and other advocates for the institution say the report depicts an era of another century, unfairly smearing today’s Catholicism in Pennsylvania The report has helped renew a crisis many in the church thought and hoped had ended nearly 20 years ago after the scandal erupted in Boston
However, when it is time for them to put boots on the ground, they are simply missing in action (MIA) These are willing to live in the freest country in the world as long as it is not them that have to sacrifice to maintain it
” “There was no longer any doubt in my mind that Jesus wanted me to write something,” Weinandy said [2] It’s notable that these howling tantrums from the German bishops halted abruptly about the same time as Cardinal Kasper gave his infamous consistory speech in February 2014
Americans still have no idea what happened in Las Vegas in October And one lawmaker is hinting that the government is covering up a big story about terrorism
" He also said that Soros has "ruined" millions of lives via his "mafia network
We had our partners help spread the word about our features on social media, including YouTubers and influencers like Dulce Candy, Jorge Narvaez, Jessie y Joy, Barbara Bermudo, and Pamela Silva of Univision, Jackie Cruz aka La Flaca from Orange is the New Black, and more We promoted our partner the Latino Community Foundation’s non-partisan #YoVoyaVotaryTu (I’m going to vote, are you?)
“The car basically blew up,” said witness Kamren Hernandez ” It was nothing anymore
His mere existence appears to have been fabricated by the very authorities who are cramming lies down our throats about this massacre for the sake of political agendas There are two conflicting timelines of Campos’s injury, but what the media has so far made clear, is that they want the public to believe Campos was walking down the Mandalay Bay Hotel & Casino’s 32nd floor hallway, when Stephen Paddock spotted him on a camera he’d allegedly set up in a room service cart, just outside his suite
It will do you all good, really In other words, as Bergoglio cannot deny the allegations without lying, he will say nothing at all about them in the hope they will go away—with the help of sycophants in the Vatican press corps and shifty polemicists like Shea, who expects his readers to swallow his explanation that Bergoglio’s refusal to say anything in his defense when asked point blank about the charges against him “seems to me to obviously be the reply of somebody who believes the accusations are groundless…”
And then, and then as no doubt was expected, if not planned, came a long series of false last-minute smears designed to scare me and drive me out of the process before any hearing occurred Afraid of their own shadows, committee Republicans didn’t relish the prospect of their all-male team of 11 senators questioning a woman so they hired sex-crimes prosecutor Rachel Mitchell of Maricopa County, Arizona, to examine Ford
Christopher Chin, head of Homeschool Louisiana, told The Times that parents are fed up with “the violence, the bullying, the unsafe environments ” Many parents are also disturbed by the social engineering, which amounts to brainwashing and indoctrination that goes on in a public school
Ray said the top three reasons that parents choose homeschooling are a desire to provide religious instruction or different values than those offered in public schools; dissatisfaction with the academic curriculum, and worries about the school environment Since teachers are not allowed to arm themselves to defend their students against the violence often perpetrated at schools simply because they are gun free zones, homeschooling takes care of that problem
President Trump, on the other hand, is following along with it by detaining illegal immigrants at the border and separating children from their apparent families Since no one can know if the children really belong to the illegals who say they are their parents, they are separated until that can be verified, along with other background findings
So, what do we do about that?” –Don Lemon Just to illustrate the absurdity of Don Lemon’s comments, I thought it would be fun to go look at the current list of the FBI’s most wanted terrorists
Down in San Antonio, Texas the dangerous and violent predilections of the left reared its ugly head once again A “man” attacked a teenager who was wearing a #MAGA hat
) But we are not fools
” Shea’s ever-expanding opus of digital invective never seems to rise above this sort of crude ad hominem attack: Well, if those people believe it, it can’t be true The neo-Catholic propaganda mill will have a very difficult time smearing this witness, however
” That will likely change, however
We never anticipated that 29% of Latinos would vote for Trump No one did
Here are a few things you can do: Subscribe to the newsletters of websites you enjoy
” For Chris Bryant, apparently “fascism” means “defense of Britain and its values against jihad terror
How Do You Like Paying For Sexual Harassment Settlements from Your Congress, America? How Do You Like Paying For Sexual Harassment Settlements from Your Congress, America?
The former head of the Brussels archdiocese was a leading figure in the so-called St  Gallen Group, which he himself described as a “mafia,” who had worked against the election of Joseph Ratzinger in 2005 and to elect Bergoglio in 2013
"We learned a lot about each other and our countries," Trump said "I learned he's a very talented man
Not likely at all! Instead, it is a virtual certainly that when Art of the Deal Trump sent out those two tweets, he was sending a message to the CIA as part of the negotiations: Give me what I want or I will release the records
” Today, neo-Catholic commentators, cowed by the demands of political correctness, refuse to state the simple truth that homosexuality is a perversion that precludes ordination as does any other grave psychological disorder Kill the Messenger
When all the false hopes and bets of the Russian and Chinese governments of conciliation on the basis of mutual economic interests come to naught, what happens? It will be the end of life on earth
“I’m not sharing my personal opinions very broadly, but wanted to share openly here in the circle of trust,” she wrote This email leaked to Fox News and Breitbart News and is now likely to become a centerpiece in the case that Google is throwing its weight around to interfere in elections in the United States in a partisan manner against the duly elected President of the United States
Lefebvre meets and speaks with the pope that perhaps the pope will change his mind ” Because [the pope] is not too sure; the pope is not man of true conviction
Broward County Election Supervisor Brenda Snipes Resigns Amid Florida Voter Fraud Why she wasn't fired a long time ago is beyond anyone's ability to answer, but Broward County election supervisor Brenda Snipes has resigned amid what is clearly voter fraud that she oversaw
How inconvenient that homosexual predation is bankrupting the American Church and the Instrumentum Laboris, the working document of this Vatican Synodal Agenda, embraces the relaxation of the Church teachings on homosexuality How inconvenient that the homosexual network of clergy and prelates were blasted as predators and coverup enablers in the Pennsylvania Grand Jury Report, while the Instrumentum Laboris argues that:
Or be too “extreme” It’s very important for him to avoid a “cheap adaptation to the relativistic Zeitgeist,” on one side, and a “cold application of the dogmatic commandments and the canonical rules,” on the other
It is welcome that finally there has been a little pushback, including from leading journalists, to the Guardian’s long-running vilification of Julian Assange, the founder of Wikileaks Reporter Luke Harding’s latest article, claiming that Donald Trump’s disgraced former campaign manager Paul Manafort secretly visited Assange in Ecuador’s embassy in London on three occasions, is so full of holes that even hardened opponents of Assange in the corporate media are struggling to stand by it
So Trump’s solution was more show-biz A much ballyhooed flight to Singapore, backslapping a delighted Kim, and a love-fest between the two chunky leaders was sold to Americans as the dawn of peace
I was looking this morning at a report by Media Lens in Britain describing how the British press has reported on Julian Assange It describes the tsunami of vindictive personal abuse that has been heaped upon Julian from well-known journalists, many claiming liberal credentials
Couple question why police waited so long to search New Mexico compound (CNN) A New Mexico couple told authorities months ago they thought a missing Georgia boy and his fugitive father were living in a filthy compound on their property
[Judge Orders Potential Release Of Hundreds Of Illegals From Iraq, by Stephen Dinan, Washington Times, January 3, 2018] He is ordering the release of hundreds of Iraqi illegal aliens and criminal aliens, all because he wants them to have another bite at the apple--they, like the Indonesians, lost claims to political asylum years ago
Make Senators go on the record with their votes, and hold them to account in November Put to the test the Dems’ claims that a critical mass of women, many of them with sons they don’t want falsely accused, believes the fundamentalist feminist narrative and will vote accordingly
Marriage is a public state in the Church, and the judgment regarding an accusation of nullity of marriage must be made in accord with the long practice of the Church If a college of judges in a matrimonial tribunal is not able to arrive at moral certitude regarding the nullity of a marriage after a careful and thorough examination of the petition of nullity, how can an individual priest be capable of making such a judgment having to do with the eternal salvation of the soul in question?
Of course, they won't They have absolutely nothing in common
Many of the Islamic groups that vet American public school textbooks for the accuracy of their material on Islamic doctrine and history are Saudi-funded They make sure that the Islamic instruction in these textbooks presents a picture of Islam that is so pristine and whitewashed that it sometimes crosses the boundary from mere pro-Muslim bias into outright Islamic proselytizing
Disgraceful!’ Trump To Jeff Sessions: Put An End to Russia Probe - Prosecutors Doing Mueller’s ‘Dirty Work Are A Disgrace’ To America
I believe that Archbishop Viganò’s precious testimony is a sign that Heaven itself is now responding to the “need for justice” in the Church Whether or not justice involves the resignation of the most wayward Pope in Church history, the inevitable season of justice will culminate in the triumph of the Immaculate Heart of Mary and the Church’s restoration
In fact, Saris' actions appear to more akin to that of the Mexican kritarch Monica Herranz who aided an illegal alien to escape arrest by ICE when she let that illegal alien leave her courtroom through the exit to her judicial chambers Saris is clearly scheming to help Rombot escape deportation by disappearing into the almost 1 million illegal aliens absconding from Final Orders of Removal
Police shot him in the leg, ruled out terrorism and blamed mental illness In December of last year, Saleh Ali, a Syrian refugee wearing a keffiyah and waving a terrorist PLO flag, went up to a Jewish restaurant in Amsterdam, shouted “Allahu Akbar” and began smashing the windows
Advertisement Faggioli, meanwhile, outlined a genuinely surprising position
“God, I hope you never get it I hope the American people can see through this sham
©2018 Los Angeles Times, Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC The radical leftist gun grabbing anti-liberty California General Xavier Becerra is lying when he says the “Trump Administration inexplicably gave the green light to distribute on the internet blueprints of 3D-printed, untraceable ghost guns
I encourage all parents looking at alternatives to government schools —alternatives that provide children with a well-rounded education that introduces them to the history and ideas of liberty — to go to RonPaulCurriculum com for more information about my homeschooling program
DB: In the library, silence is golden In the world of human rights, silence equals mass murder
The book illustrates how the Jihadist Psychopath has successfully built his totalitarian plantation -- on which many in the West are now enslaved and dutifully following his orders Jamie outlines the frameworks of this tyrannical plantation and how those who are trapped on it, and yearn for freedom, can best escape
As the pair started talking, Paddock began firing through the door of his room, first with a single-fire gun and then with a rapid-fire rifle Police have said that when Campos radioed what happened, it helped them track where Paddock was holed up – so why change the narrative to make it even more unbelievable?
Grown-ups know all that and don’t have to be reminded every time the subject arises The Dems know that most Republicans come to this conflict with the huge disadvantage that results from accepting your opponent’s dubious ideology and dishonest narrative
And, of course, finally they came for him That might not be a precise parallel, but if Julian Assange is allowed to literally go under, it represents the conquest of all of us
With the leftist media entirely focused on the push to ban AR-15s and repeal the Second Amendment, practically no one noticed Louis Farrakhan's Saviours’ Day 2018 Address in which he told an approving audience that "powerful Jews are my enemy," and "white folks are going down," according to The Washington Examiner Farrakhan, of course, is the raging anti-Semite and race-monger who leads the Nation of Islam, the loony, militant, black nationalist organization whose mission is to throw off the yoke of the inferior white devil
But what if the Baghdad regime of Haider al-Abadi does not agree? What if the Quds Force does not go home to Iran and the Shiite militias that helped retake Kirkuk refuse to enlist in the Iraqi army?
“All I can say is that people who had a lot of hope in this particular pope, and I am talking about just ordinary Catholics that I know in my own parish, would find it very difficult now…and cannot understand and cannot believe that this particular pope has said the things he has said in the last few weeks,” she told the National Catholic Reporter It may seem like a moment to enjoy, seeing the apparently unbreachable shell of papal teflon finally cracking, but in reality this situation is potentially very harmful for souls in the long run
The rebellions will be local and suppressed by every violation of the US Constitution by the private powers that rule Washington, as always has been the case with rebellions in America In the West, which the Russians are so anxious to join, all freedoms are dead—freedom of assembly, freedom of speech, freedom of association, freedom of inquiry, freedom of privacy, freedom from arbitrary search, freedom from arbitrary arrest, along with the Constitutional protections of due process and habeas corpus
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use In Newly Obtained Memo, Congress’ Top Cop Said House Democratic Caucus Server VANISHED https://t
Their main weapon would be personal smear Their shock troops would be enlisted in the media — those who are meant to keep the record straight and tell us the truth
” No, Bergoglio cannot “simply fire” bishops Except whenever he pleases, as we have seen again and again with the conservative bishops and even Cardinals (Burke and Müller) he has sacked because their conservatism offended him or one of his friends, prompting even Crux to ask: “Does Pope Francis have an enemies list?” Then again, Francis even obtained the removal of his own “trusted counselor” McCarrick from the College of Cardinals, albeit only when forced to act due to worldwide condemnation in the media
But he can’t be happy His minions and bootlickers are promoting Trump for the Nobel Prize – rather ahead of events
Saucier told Fox News he was scapegoated by Obama officials who found themselves under fire for not aggressively responding to Clinton’s handling of classified information through her private email servers According to Fox News, Saucier’s federal lawsuit alleges that the United States government was “overzealous” in prosecuting him for “mishandling classified information” while going easy on former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for more serious violations of the same law
He shows no hint of racism or of white supremacism The writer of this shoddy article is working at one of the most elite universities in the world, on research funded by the European Union, and giving advice based on this sloppy thinking to those who are in charge of manipulating and policing the communications and information we have online
An aggravated element of a hate crime was added to Traore’s indictment following vocal protests by CRIF, which said that the omission of such charges may have part of a “cover up” by French authorities Witnesses said Traore called Halimi a “demon” as he was pummeling her
There are many other examples of Vichy journalism The Guardian, reputedly once a great liberal newspaper, conducted a vendetta against Julian Assange
’ Glazov believed that the article was more relevant and urgent than ever due to the skyrocketing jihadist stabbings in Europe — and to the 17th anniversary of 9/11 that was approaching the next day The report said it appears “that daring to give suggestions on how our civilization can stop jihadist attacks and another 9/11 is against Facebook’s ‘community standards
co/e1RQbzDY8y — Ashley Homrich (@AshleyNewsATL) August 7, 2018 Well, all of this should make Americans feel just comfy, right?
﻿ As the caravan approaches the US border, President Donald Trump has signed an immigration decree requiring asylum seekers to apply at their point of entry to the country and barring illegal immigrants from requesting asylum “We need people in our country but they have to come in legally and they have to have merit,” Trump told reporters before departing for Paris
11 Children Have Been Rescued From a Muslim Extremist-Run Compound In NM Eleven children were rescued from a compound in New Mexico which was being run by armed Muslim extremists
" Yeah, well, that's about as trustworthy as the FBI in this matter
Manafort was found guilty not of Russiagate, but of income tax evasion and misrepresenting his financial position on a loan application We do not know if Manafort is guilty or is simply a victim of Mueller’s frameup and an incompetent jury
Now, it’s theoretically possible that the CIA presented Trump with some earthshattering new information on the Thursday deadline that showed that the United States would fall into the ocean if Americans were finally permitted to see the CIA’s long-secret JFK records But how likely is that?
Genesis 19:4-5 The angels then proceed to blind all the men of Sodom and Gomorrah and urge Lot and his family to flee from the cities to escape the wrath that God was about to deliver Lot and his family flee the city, and then "the LORD rained down burning sulfur on Sodom and Gomorrah — from the LORD out of the heavens
Federal prosecutors say that between Dec  2017 and August 2018, the group, who are either siblings or related by marriage, had “a common plan to prepare for violent attacks on government, military, educational and financial institutions
Hadeed: Why do your signatures look different? Abid: My signatures are not very consistent, I’m just a human being…
Trump also seemed ready to back out on his new trade deal, which is hardly a deal for the US, with Mexico if they failed to stop the caravan He then pointed out that many who cross the border are criminals and are coming to engage in criminal activity
“Judge Kavanaugh has denied this allegation and over 60 women – with a broad range of political views – who’ve known him since high school, have sent a letter to the Senate Judiciary Committee vouching for his integrity and respect for women over that time,” says Carrie Severino, chief counsel for the Judicial Crisis Network “This is nothing more than a last-minute attempt at character assassination, and there should no delay in confirming Judge Kavanaugh
“In the coming days, we will be filing a major federal lawsuit against the state of Georgia for the gross mismanagement of this election and to protect future elections from unconstitutional actions,” Abrams said, though she gave no details In the coming days, we will be filing a major federal lawsuit against the state of Georgia for the gross mismanagement of this election and to protect future elections from unconstitutional actions
“Gee, this is ‘small potatoes’ compared to what Hillary Clinton did!” he tweeted about Winner, a former National Security Agency contractor who leaked a document about Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election “So unfair Jeff, Double Standard
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use This has nothing to do with medicine or health, and far from stupid people running for Congress who spray themselves with pepper spray to tell you how it will be effective to protect your children against a criminal armed with a gun, these people don't used the word "epidemic" in their diatribe, though they are on record saying gun violence is a public health crisis
 21," said Review-Journal Editor-in-Chief Keith Moyer added "How can the autopsy report not be ‘finalized’ when the body was cremated more than five weeks ago?
“Under federal law, the testimony of such a “flipped witness” need not be corroborated in order to secure a conviction “Even one question that results in an answer that is contradicted by one witness would be enough to spring the perjury trap
It's time to jail Mueller and cancel this witch hunt!!! Lock them all up this has to end!!!
Authorities are also investigating whether or not Kazi was suffering from any mental health issues Here again, this is just more of the general refusal to acknowledge the 800-pound gorilla sitting in the living room and screaming “Allahu akbar
With the leftist media entirely focused on the push to ban AR-15s and repeal the Second Amendment, practically no one noticed Louis Farrakhan's Saviours’ Day 2018 Address in which he told an approving audience that "powerful Jews are my enemy," and "white folks are going down," according to The Washington Examiner Farrakhan, of course, is the raging anti-Semite and race-monger who leads the Nation of Islam, the loony, militant, black nationalist organization whose mission is to throw off the yoke of the inferior white devil
‘Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now,’ the president tweeted ‘Bob Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 Angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to USA!’
In that lengthy process, a variety of commissioning editors, lawyers, backbench editors and the editor herself, Kath Viner, would normally insist on cuts to anything that could not be rigorously defended and corroborated And yet this piece seems to have been casually waved through, given a green light even though its profound shortcomings were evident to a range of well-placed analysts and journalists from the outset
” That last statement comes amid nearly constant complaints from Trump that Justice Department and FBI investigators are being unfair to the president and his allies
Fox News notes that ICE officials are asking the Department of Justice to look into whether she broke any laws by doing so ICE reports that 864 illegal immigrants with criminal convictions and other public safety threats "remain at large" in the area -- an indeterminate number of whom may have been tipped off by a Democrat mayor who betrayed the law-abiding citizens of Northern California
Peradventure there be fifty righteous within the city: wilt thou also destroy and not spare the place for the fifty righteous that are therein? That be far from thee to do after this manner, to slay the righteous with the wicked: and that the righteous should be as the wicked, that be far from thee: Shall not the Judge of all the earth do right?
That firing, however, led to Mueller’s appointment as special counsel Wednesday’s tweet was a reminder of Trump’s unabated anger at Sessions, who recused himself from overseeing the Russia investigation on March 2, 2017 — as members of both parties and legal experts have contended that he should
" In 1994, Farrakhan said: "Murder and lying comes easy for white people
Fast forward to the Obama Regime Administrative Amnesty , where despite outstanding deportation orders, these illegal aliens, among millions of others, are allowed to remain, and then given employment authorization as well Fortunately, elections have consequences, and the Obama Regime Administrative Amnesty, or parts of it, came to an inglorious end
It describes the tsunami of vindictive personal abuse that has been heaped upon Julian from well-known journalists, many claiming liberal credentials The Guardian, which used to consider itself the most enlightened newspaper in the country, has probably been the worst
Previously only voluntary and consultative, federations will now have the power to supervise and guide the formation of candidates, nuns and of their formators, as well as possess broad powers over temporal goods of individual monasteries and powers of suppression The document makes it inarguable that the federation’s main role will be to establish and monitor for conformity to a particular programme – the “intense and fruitful path” of the Church since 1965 – both within the various orders and between them:
The death penalty is based on the common teachings of theologians, but is not itself a declared dogma Therefore it is not permissible to call those who hold it is, immoral heretics
But to see the partisans of the defeated candidate (and a particularly obnoxious defeated candidate) manipulate the security services and the media to create an entirely false public perception, in order to attempt to overturn the result of the US Presidential election, is the most astonishing thing I have witnessed in my lifetime Plainly the government of Ecuador is releasing lies about Assange to curry favour with the security establishment of the USA and UK, and to damage Assange’s support prior to expelling him from the Embassy
There is also a group of people out there that have to be friends with everyone (and have to apologize to any that they may have told the truth lest they should convict them unto godly repentance (2 Corinthians 7:10) as they congregate week after week deceiving themselves into believing that they are demanding a lawful change just as long as it does not offend anyone (Matthew 5:10) As a matter of fact, these counterfeits will be the first ones to get angry with and denounce and attack the ones that are sent by the Spirit of God (Galatians 4:29)
The length of their prison terms, in part, fueled outrage at their convictions Federal Judge Michael Robert Hogan originally gave the Hammonds reduced s in 2012, arguing that the mandatory minimums were unjust
There are very few “conservative” Catholics in the Vatican journalist pool This means that his use of this language was a conspiratorial wink and nod to his immediate audience, a sly message to say, “People talk all the time about a gay lobby, but you and I both know this is mostly nonsense, propaganda from those people… those conservatives…We cool and hip people don’t hate gays, do we?”
Still, Trump went all-in with a new intensity on Wednesday, opening up on Mueller and his team with both barrels of his massive Twitter following ‘Russian Collusion with the Trump Campaign, one of the most successful in history, is a TOTAL HOAX,’ he wrote
” God’s inexhaustible mercy, indeed Wills’ peaceful fantasy Qur’an raises one massive question that the author does not and cannot answer: if the Islamic holy book is really as peaceful and benign as Garry Wills makes it out to be, why do so very many Muslims worldwide misunderstand it?
Awan’s father purchased “huge chunks of land from different farmers in 2008,” but all the checks bounced, the report said “The police high-ups are ‘ominously’ indifferent to proceed against Awan,” and it’s “noteworthy” how they were “complying with the desires of” Awan, who the paper described as a “White House employee
You ain’t supporting shit nigga,” and then throws the drink in the face of a 16-year-old boy With MAGA hat in hand, the man walks away saying “Bitch ass motherf**ker
6), all condemned to Hell (Qur’an 4 48), so Allah must exterminate them (Quran 9
GERMANY, February 8, 2018 (LifeSiteNews) – Cardinal Paul Josef Cordes criticized fellow German Cardinal Reinhard Marx’s suggestion that Catholic priests should consider “blessing” same-sex relationships liturgically Marx’s idea “truly seems sacrilegious” and “ignores the clear Revelation of God,” Cordes wrote in a response on kath
However, what is entirely clear is the fact that a mother and father are now and will be grieving for the rest of their lives because of her actions And, in a slap to the face of Jean’s parents, the person who admitted to killing their innocent son has yet to be arrested
Whether or not justice involves the resignation of the most wayward Pope in Church history, the inevitable season of justice will culminate in the triumph of the Immaculate Heart of Mary and the Church’s restoration This will be a final victory over the enemies within and their apologists, such as Faggioli, who, in typical neo-Catholic style, imperiously scoffs at the notion of “a young clergy marked by personal sanctity but also by a fascination for a mythical Middle Ages” and busies himself defending an unsalvageable mass of corruption he dares to describe as “a Church-world relationship based on a principle of reality
 Constitution as Seditious Once the truth is accepted that jihadis are inspired and sanctioned by their Islamic texts, it must logically become required that mosques, Islamic schools and groups have to immediately curtail any teaching that motivates sedition, violence, and hatred of unbelievers (i
But after all, what could be more boring than a story than involves a Presidential candidate, the Syrian Christian crook who helped him buy his house, the Nation of Islam, and the most famous boxer of all time? Reading Obama’s 1995 memoir, you might almost get the impression that after a prudent first term, during his second he might side with, I dunno, Black Lives Matter and encourage a wave of black rage and police retreat that drove up the death toll from murder by 20% in his last two years in office, an incremental death toll a little bigger than the U
2 percent of the vote, which puts him with over 18,000 voters over the threshold required to win by a majority and avoid a December 4 election runoff Lawrence-Hardy told the AP that Abrams believes that many of her supporters, many of them minority and low-income voters who do not regularly vote, went to the polls and ran into electoral barriers, although she did not say what barriers they were
Its presence in Syria could now be permanent And only one force in the region has the power to reverse the present outcome of Syria's civil war--the United States
Investigators believe that the three-year-old boy, who turned four on Monday, they were looking for had been at the compound in earlier weeks Siraj Wahhaj, 39, and Lucas Morten, two very heavily armed men who are believed to be “extremist[s] of the Muslim belief,” were running the horrifying compound, Hogrefe said
Would Saint Francis have been horrified by the words and deeds of the Pope who has presumed to take his name? That question answers itself
00 (as of 05:50 EDT - Details) Fourth Estate on Life Support
SOLOMON: We are at a little disadvantage right now, because we don’t have those records, and also the records that Congress needs to go get, but I can tell you I have a person quoted in my story who has direct knowledge of what the Justice Department knew This person said without a shred of doubt, we knew in 2009 a year before CFIUS ruled that Thomas were engaged in criminality, without a shadow of a doubt, we knew that Russia was trying to gain a corner on the U
A tribunal of bishops, requested by his own sex abuse commission, was ignored and then Francis summarily removed two of the CDF staffers in charge of handling such cases, famously refusing to give any reasons to CDF prefect Cardinal Müller who was soon to be dismissed In fact, the chaos and lack of commitment on the issue has come under harsh criticism from at least one member of the pope’s now-defunct sex abuse commission, a loudly trumpeted part of Bergoglio’s early scheme of reform
We also need to contact our representatives and to call for a Congressional investigation into this pernicious assault by the fascist Left on our liberties The battle for America -- and for the West -- is on
They avoid the absolutely necessary direct and public exposure of error at its source That error threatens to overwhelm the Church while they do little more than fret about a situation whose self-evident cause—a reckless Pope in love with his own ideas and filled with contempt for Tradition—they seem incapable of identifying
Jeanine Pirro spoke to Hannity on Thursday night and asked, "Since when does truth and justice or guilt and innocence depend on your political party I fear for this nation when this is now the standard
” To fully drive the point home, Benedict equates this kind of worship with the Israelites desert worship of the bull calf Unsurprisingly, this progressive interpretation of Catholic doctrine eventually reveals itself to be rank historicism
“We can’t talk about stability in the Middle East without talking about Iran,” Ambassador Haley said “That’s because nearly every threat to peace and security in the Middle East is connected to Iran’s outlaw behavior
American comedians need to start writing scripts that follow in Maher’s footsteps and Americans need to encourage and equip them to do so – and to also vigorously defend them from the attacks and slanders they will inevitably receive from totalitarian leftist and Islamic forces We must never underestimate the crippling effect of comedy on the totalitarian Mullahs of the world
 13, Facebook notified Jamie that it had made a mistake and that it was lifting his block It goes without saying that this retraction and surrender by Facebook occurred only because of the wide publicity that Jamie's banning had received
This persistence of Mary about the dangers which menace the Church is a divine warning against the suicide that would be represented by the alteration of the faith, in her liturgy, her theology and her soul… I hear all around me innovators who wish to dismantle the Sacred Chapel, destroy the universal flame of the Church, reject her ornaments and make her feel remorse for her historical past
It isn’t a surprise that so many have decided to educate their children themselves And as schools continue to fail, and authoritarian policies continue to wreak havoc on our society, more will wake up to the absolute horror of what allowing the state to educate our children has done to the moral fabric of humanity
But since then, Muller has demonstrated very little of his former grit, instead attempting from one day to the next to appease both sides Reportedly removed from CDF – and of course lionized by “conservatives” – for his mild and equivocating opposition to Amoris Laetitia, Muller has gone back and forth in what can easily be seen as a desperate attempt to find friends in both camps
I can only conclude by making my own these closing words of Archbishop Viganò: Archbishop Viganò Speaks, the Neo-Catholics Panic
” Meanwhile, Trump continued pounding Sessions in other tweets, saying he needed to investigate “deleted Emails, Comey lies & leaks, Mueller conflicts, McCabe, Strzok, Page, Ohr…the Clinton Foundation, illegal surveillance of Trump Campaign, Russian collusion by Dems — and so much more
” This stealth proselytizing is nationwide
JP: I thought the image of Ray being hauled off was particularly telling These four overweight, obviously ill-trained young men manhandling Ray, who is 78 years old
There are reports that they plan to “rush” the border knowing that some will be caught, but the larger their numbers the more will have a chance to get through On Monday afternoon, Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen tweeted out photos of CBP officers in riot gear as well as the barbed wire and barriers citing the reports about plans to “rush” the border
No, Trump didn’t start the fire The world was ablaze with tribalism and was raising up authoritarians to realize nationalist ends — Xi Jinping, Putin, Narendra Modi in India, Erdogan in Turkey, Gen
Shortly after the nuclear deal was sealed in July 2015, then-Treasury Secretary Jack Lew testified that even with the sanctions relief, Iran “will continue to be denied access to the world’s largest financial and commercial market ” A month later, one of Lew’s top deputies, Adam Szubin, testified that despite the nuclear deal “Iran will be denied access to the world’s most important market and unable to deal in the world’s most important currency
About 30 minutes into Patel’s set, members of AAA interrupted the performance, denounced his jokes about racial identities and sexual orientation, and provided him with a few moments for closing remarks Comrades, these jokes you have been listening to are thought crimes!
You ain’t supporting shit nigga,” and then throws the drink in the face of a 16-year-old boy With MAGA hat in hand, the man walks away saying “Bitch ass motherf**ker
So interesting! Now, it’s theoretically possible that the CIA presented Trump with some earthshattering new information on the Thursday deadline that showed that the United States would fall into the ocean if Americans were finally permitted to see the CIA’s long-secret JFK records
There are very few “conservative” Catholics in the Vatican journalist pool This means that his use of this language was a conspiratorial wink and nod to his immediate audience, a sly message to say, “People talk all the time about a gay lobby, but you and I both know this is mostly nonsense, propaganda from those people… those conservatives…We cool and hip people don’t hate gays, do we?”
[Editors' note: To best understand why Facebook would ban Jamie Glazov on 9/11 in the first place, pre-order Jamie's new book, Jihadist Psychopath: How He Is Charming, Seducing, and Devouring Us: HERE The book illustrates how the Jihadist Psychopath has, with the help of the Left, successfully built his totalitarian plantation in the West -- on which the political and cultural establishment is now enslaved and dutifully following his orders
In 1999, he made another step up, being appointed secretary of the Pontifical Council for Promoting Christian Unity, the “ecumenical” office where his manifest religious indifferentism could be given free reign In 2001, he was made a Cardinal-deacon with the awesome responsibility of voting in a Conclave
We seem to be slouching back to the old traditionalist trope: All the Church’s problems would be solved if we’d just go back to the Latin Mass Something went critically wrong during Vatican II that extends well beyond the Mass
The first order of business is to scuttle the upcoming October Synod on Young People, the Faith, and Vocational Discernment Remember that influential Roman gentleman friend of McCarrick who said that Bergoglio could reform the Church in 5 years?
Many people were tortured and were starved to death there […] “The Jews were banished, tortured, and annihilated because of their deeds
Are Father Martin and his pals in the episcopacy really so enlightened over every pope, saint, and moral theologian in history? Or is it not so that it is both negligent and uncharitable for some bishops to refuse to inform their faithful that according to the Church's own infallible teaching, everlasting damnation is the price to be paid for this kind of inclusivity and toleration?
John Pilger, it is great to talk to you again But it is a profound tragedy, John, the way they are treating Julian Assange, this prolific journalist and publisher who so many other journalists have depended on in the past
Though the order was issued on Tuesday, Fudenberg conferred with others and seems determined to not release the autopsy report until, as he said, it is "finalized," The Las Vegas Review-Journal reported, which sued for the autopsy report Seriously, it's been four months already!
But Bergoglio has also lent his own authority to Martin’s effort to mainstream homosexuality in the Church As Viganò notes, it was Bergoglio who made Martin a “Consultor of the Secretariat for Communications,” even though he is a “well-known activist who promotes the LGBT agenda, chosen to corrupt the young people who will soon gather in Dublin for the World Meeting of Families…”
 Douglas Horne Check Amazon for Pricing Thus, given that Helms was an admitted perjurer and convicted liar, what value does his denial that Oswald was an intelligence agent have?
At its close the number of murders had more than doubled, and in any six month period, more Americans were being murdered than those executed during the whole course of the century At this point, although the murder rate has continued to rise dramatically, executions continue to be rare
” That prediction came immediately after the “pedophile summit” of 2002 in Rome, which I attended as The Remnant’s correspondent In answer to my question then head of the USCCB, Wilton Gregory, made an explosive admission reportedby the international press: “it is an ongoing struggle to make sure that the Catholic priesthood is not dominated by homosexual men
If he’d fondled a 12-year old altar boy, that would have been one thing Pedophile priests sell papers
It is as if they are two faces of the same coin […] “Since Germany and Europe did not want the Jews, the Nazis came up with the idea of sending the Jews to another country
This incident, on the other hand, received very little coverage, and hardly any that touched on the Islamic aspects of the story But Muslim claims of victimhood are so polished and reflexive by now, and the Leftist acceptance of them so matter-of-fact and instinctive, that Judge Sarah Backus fell right into line
Coincidentally, MEK was classified as a terrorist organization by the United States and its allies—during this training period—until they suddenly removed them from the list in 2012 While the current Iranian regime is certainly no bastion of freedom, the idea that US intervention or a violent revolution would be beneficial for the people of Iran is outright insane
Aiken was unqualified for her role, except in the ways that mattered to the Clintons and their Dem allies These pardons cleanse another stain from our nation's history in the dark years of Obama
Who would those confederates be? There could be only one answer: communists
Said James O’Keefe, founder and president of Project Veritas Action: “What we found in the Gillum campaign was just what we found in Missouri, Tennessee and Arizona, a candidate lying to the voters he needs to win the election
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use At the Hammonds’ original sentencing, the judge noted that they are respected in the community and that imposing the mandatory minimum, 5-year prison  would “shock the conscience” and be “grossly disproportionate to the severity” of their conduct
" The president described Acosta as "unbelievably rude to [White House Press Secretary] Sarah Huckabee, who’s a wonderful woman," and said his administration is drawing up "rules and regulations" for White House reporters
Not much in my mind The reality is that the Democrats are as much to blame for the corrosive and ugly rhetoric in America today as Donald Trump is
All are federal crimes Trump also continued to cast himself as a victim in the matter, saying when he attempts to “FIGHT BACK or say anything bad about the Rigged Witch Hunt,” his critics “scream Obstruction!”
“If a person dies of pneumonic plague and is then interred in a tomb that is subsequently opened for [the ritual], the bacteria can still be transmitted and contaminate whoever handles the body,” said Willy Randriamarotia, Madagascar’s health ministry chief of staff Some locals believe the whole plague is some kind of a government conspiracy, and say they have no intention of forgoing the ritual known as “famadihana
They were likely prompted by the start of the trial on Tuesday of Paul Manafort, Trump’s former campaign chairman, on 18 charges of tax evasion, bank fraud and conspiracy “This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use "This country is being ripped apart here, and we've got to make sure we do due diligence," Flake said
The evidence at trial regarding the Hammonds’ responsibility for the fire was conflicting, and the jury acquitted them on most of the charges At the Hammonds’ original sentencing, the judge noted that they are respected in the community and that imposing the mandatory minimum, 5-year prison  would “shock the conscience” and be “grossly disproportionate to the severity” of their conduct
How inconvenient that during a global prelate homosexual coverup scandal, the 2018 Synodal Bishop Conferences are exploring for ways during the Synod to discuss ways in which homosexual youths want to be “closer” to the Church! How inconvenient that since 2013 during Francis’ impromptu airplane presser when he cleverly sent a powerful message to homosexual clerics, “Who Am I to Judge,” now Francis must judge the criminal predatory conduct of homosexual clergy and prelates who preyed on youth and seminarians
Nowhere! Furthermore, the individual that wrote the article teaching people to submit to authorities might want to take the time to read Romans 12:21 before perverting and twisting Romans 13, so that the next time he will not be guilty of twisting Scripture the way that Satan twists Scripture
ICE Deputy Director Thomas Homan said in a statement Tuesday, The Oakland mayor’s decision to publicize her suspicions about ICE operations further increased that risk for my officers and alerted criminal aliens — making clear that this reckless decision was based on her political agenda
” Perry noted that all Americans are still lacking all the evidence
Muslim Leader Calls for Conquest of “America, Britain, Russia, France, and Italy” Recently a Muslim spokesman in Tunisia named Said Khecharem, who is affiliated with the international pro-Sharia, pro-caliphate organization Hizb ut-Tahrir, declared (to delighted screams of “Allahu akbar” from his audience), that the “establishment of an Islamic state…requires the conquest of America, Britain, Russia, France, and Italy – Rome and other infidel lands will be conquered, Allah willing
Recently, I received a newspaper article from a confused, biblically illiterate friend asking me what my take was on an article titled, “Scripture teaches to submit to authorities” with reference to Romans Chapter 13 In this article, the author was calling out a Christian for protesting a corrupt representative in government, even going so far as to suggest this protestant ought to have stayed home to read their Bible rather than to protest corruption in government
The Remnant Newspaper The unmasking of McCarrick exposed the pervasive prelate coverup of homosexual sexual predation in the American Catholic Church
 Bush White House A 2013 Washington Post report on the new CIA head called her role in the torture programs of that era “extensive” and noted that at one point she ran a CIA “black site” in Thailand where torture occurred
“All of a sudden, the hearings are over, and the rumors start coming out,” Trump said “And then you this other con artist, Avenatti, come out with another beauty today
” As I write this, the outrage is doing the opposite of dying down, and is surely a sign of how fed up Catholics – even those who would never identify themselves as Traditionalists – have become with this pope and his cadre of episcopal bullies
Its especial venom has been reserved for leftwing figures like Venezuela’s Hugo Chavez, democratically elected but official enemies of the US, rather than the region’s rightwing authoritarians beloved of Washington The Guardian has been vocal in the so-called “fake news” hysteria, decrying the influence of social media, the only place where leftwing dissidents have managed to find a small foothold to promote their politics and counter the corporate media narrative
The attacks on Julian Assange illustrate what has happened to the so-called free media in the West I have been a journalist for a very long time and I have always worked within the mainstream, but the journalism I see now is part of a rapacious establishment and one of its prime targets is Julian Assange and WikiLeaks
This latest warning that the rainy season could worsen the outbreak comes on the heels of the reports that British aid workers said the epidemic will get worse before it gets better Olivier Le Guillou of Action Against Hunger said: “The epidemic is ahead of us, we have not yet reached the peak
Article posted with permission from The Washington Standard CNN's Don Lemon Contradicts Himself In Just One Sentence: "We Have to Stop Demonizing People ... White Men, Most Of Them Radicalized"
The first order of business is to scuttle the upcoming October Synod on Young People, the Faith, and Vocational Discernment Remember that influential Roman gentleman friend of McCarrick who said that Bergoglio could reform the Church in 5 years?
 21," said Review-Journal Editor-in-Chief Keith Moyer added "How can the autopsy report not be ‘finalized’ when the body was cremated more than five weeks ago?
Given the fallen human condition, such injustices are bound to occur in any judicial system, and everyone agrees that they should be ruthlessly remedied What is not irrelevant is that the author of the letter falls headlong into the very error Pius XII warns against
South Florida Muslim Leader Sofian Zakkout’s David Duke Day David Duke, the white supremacist icon and former Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan, has been denounced by many as a hatemonger, and rightfully so
God help us It goes without saying that we here at The Remnant not only stand with Viganò but we thank God for him every day, we pray the Rosary for him every day, and wish him every blessing and heavenly consolation as he undergoes this passion for the sake of the Master he serves so well
Doctoring is when you manipulate the content to misconstrue the reality of what took place If you want to see doctoring, go to 0:58 of the video above, and don't be drinking anything when you do because it's hilarious
– Catherine Booth The way to gauge those who are actually taking ground for the kingdom is to see who is in the midst of a continuous warfare (always in trouble, slandered, lied about, defamed etc) fighting the good fight of faith because they trust in the living God (Matthew 11:12; 1 Timothy 6:12)
I have been a journalist for a very long time and I have always worked within the mainstream, but the journalism I see now is part of a rapacious establishment and one of its prime targets is Julian Assange and WikiLeaks This is precisely because WikiLeaks is producing the kind of journalism that they ought to be doing
I am tired of sin And, as one who has tried — despite my many imperfections — to lay down my life for Christ and His Church, I am tired of the regular violation of sacred duties by those entrusted with immense responsibility from the Lord for the care of His people
I'll tell you why they aren't speaking out on that  they don't want to bite the hand that feeds them, plain and simple
The insults were not forgotten Among the signs held by protesters in Chile last week were those reading, “Ni zurdos, ni tontos,” (Neither lefties nor stupid)
[More] Anyhow, they have now released a different photo (above)and it is the same guy, and he is black
[Editors' note: To best understand why Facebook would ban Jamie Glazov on 9/11 for his article on how to best prevent more 9/11s, pre-order Jamie's new book, Jihadist Psychopath: How He Is Charming, Seducing, and Devouring Us: HERE The book illustrates how the Jihadist Psychopath has successfully built his totalitarian plantation -- on which many in the West are now enslaved and dutifully following his orders
A team of experts from the WHO, Doctors without Borders (DRC) and Equateur province travelled to Bikoro on Tuesday to beef up coordination and carry out investigations, it said Ebola is one of the world's most notorious diseases, being both highly infectious and extremely lethal
For fifty years Catholics have wanted to know why nothing was ever done, as these wolves in the episcopate were allowed, year after year to continue attacking the Church Why have we so often seen these men – compromised intellectually and morally – elevated to superior rank, despite the incredible brazenness of their hatred of the Catholic Faith?
Clinton, pictured denying his May-December affair when he was president, was already noted at the time for his lothario habits But decades later, she's still traumatized by the aftermath of being identifed globally as the your woman the President of the United States kept on the side and used for his own pleasure just a few feet from the Oval Office
The accuser’s name is Christine Blasey Ford, a registered Democrat who is currently a California professor teaching clinical psychology Judge Kavanaugh issued a statement on Friday in which he said, "I categorically and unequivocally deny this allegation
Mr  Horowitz relied in part on opinions from prosecutors that there was not enough evidence to charge Clinton with acting in a manner that rose to a level of criminal gross negligence with respect to sending or receiving e-mails determined to contain classified information
Kavanaugh and Last-Minute Accusations Democrats are pulling out all the stops and enabling salacious last-minute accusations against Supreme Court nominee Judge Brett Kavanaugh in order to sink his candidacy
In its revelations of fraudulent wars (Afghanistan, Iraq) and the bald-faced lies of governments (the Chagos Islands), WikiLeaks has allowed us to glimpse how the imperial game is played in the 21st century That is why Assange is in mortal danger
This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further Bon Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to [sic] USA!” Trump wrote
And experts continue to fear the healthcare system is on the brink of being overwhelmed Should the disease actually spread to the African mainland, it will be all but impossible to control and the health care system would certainly be unable to handle the outbreak at that point, making a global pandemic much more likely
And so he entered, and spoke, and gave them a strong dose of the reality that they are determined to ignore and deny Tommy Robinson is in prison today because he violated a court order demanding that he not film videos outside the trials of Muslim rape gangs
Watch Dianne Feinstein Erupt With Glee After Trump Seems To Endorse Her Assault Weapons Ban But if you are a freedom-loving American who values your liberties and the God-given right to defend them, happy is NOT what you should be feeling right now
” “The American people have a right to the truth
Islamic institutions have to be made to buffer their lip-service against terror with actually doing something about it As Robert Spencer counsels, this has to involve introducing programs that teach against jihadists’ understanding of Islam — and these programs have to be regularly monitored by the government
Since Oct  1, 2009, ERO has removed more than 1,700 foreign fugitives from the United States who were sought in their native countries for serious crimes, including kidnapping, rape and murder
“We have urban Ebola, which is a very different animal from rural Ebola The potential for an explosive increase in cases is now there
Then, addressing a huge crowd on St  Peter’s Square, he asked, “Do you want a Church that remains silent when she should speak … a Church that does not condemn the suppression of conscience and does not stand up for the just liberty of the people … a Church that locks herself up within the four walls of her temple in unseemly sycophancy …?”
A return to integral Tradition is the threat that Faggioli sees as coming particularly from the young Irony of ironies, he is now reduced to defending what is old and tired and corrupt against a restoration, led largely by a youthful vanguard, of what is ever ancient but ever new
The reason this little incident shouldn't be let go of so soon is that it is one of the clearest demonstrations of the media's bias, which we all have, lies and propaganda It should be used over and over in article after article to remind people about the total dishonesty and complete disregard for reporting the facts by outlets such as CNN and to not blindly trust self-proclaimed fact-checkers who will not tell you the truth either
We are currently experiencing sedition at the highest levels as the military/security complex unfolds its coup against the elected president of the United States In 1961 President Dwight Eisenhower warned Americans in his last public address that the military/industrial complex was a threat to American democracy
"I can't condemn [Barros] because I don't have evidence," he said on the plane back to Rome, suggesting he had ignored or never read the letter from Cruz That was too much for O’Malley, who said Francis had caused "great pain” to victims
” May these difficult days be days of great grace for this local Church REMNANT COMMENT: While we certainly appreciate His Excellency's candid explanation of what he knew and did not know about this horrific scandal in the Church, we would also humbly beg him to take it one step further by publicly proclaiming his profession of belief in the Church's official teaching against the mortal sin of homosexual acts and the so-called "gay lifestyle," which includes her long-held teaching that homosexual activity between clerics is an ecclesiastical crime
For he is the minister of God to thee for good But if thou do that which is evil, be afraid; for he beareth not the sword in vain: for he is the minister of God, a revenger to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil
That’s why this current nomination is a hill the Dems are willing to beclown themselves on Given how obviously partisan and hypocritical this ploy is––doesn’t Keith Ellison’s accuser deserve to be heard and believed too?
After that, Murillo says she cannot communicate with key organizers of the effort by Google and its partners—a project known as HOLA—because she is afraid of secret pro-Trump spies on the listservs created She also admits ongoing discussions among these people about meeting to give grieving Hillary Clinton supporters hugs after Trump crushed her on election day
That WikiLeaks is somehow in bed with the Russians is ludicrous WikiLeaks published about 800,000 major disclosures about Russia, some of them extremely critical of the Russian government
Where did those fifth columnists enter? Why, there’s only one possible explanation: the Second Vatican Council
 has announced plans to create a 30,000-man Border Security Force of Kurds and Arabs to keep ISIS out of Syria Erdogan has branded this BSF a "terror army," and President Bashar Assad of Syria has called BSF members "traitors
Central actors have suggested instead that the emails were leaked from within the Democratic party Nonetheless, this unverified allegation has been aggressively exploited by the Democratic leadership because it shifts attention away both from its failure to mount an effective electoral challenge to Trump and from the damaging contents of the emails
It’s been a smear campaign from the beginning and it is this way by design Amber Guyger took an innocent person’s life, and because people are so blinded by the badge, she is being portrayed as the victim
None of these statements can be backed up by facts The facts refute their arguments, but beyond that, the Second Amendment recognizes the right to keep and bear arms is a right given to us by our Creator, not a permission we gain from government
Did you know that the House of Representatives has paid out $15,000,000 to victims of sexual harassment in recent years? I am going to share some things with you in this article that are deeply disturbing, but it is for a purpose
 soldiers died killing communists And they’re going to tell us that they just let Lee Harvey Oswald, a supposed self-avowed communist skate blissfully across the Cold War stage of history with nary any abuse or harassment at all?
I realize it’s a challenge, but few challenges have greater payoffs in this world or the next There is no better way to keep the Catholic family together and committed to the Catholic restoration than the Catholic home school
This federal judge should know what the Constitution actually says and should have tossed this frivolous lawsuit in the trash where it belongs Instead, he is demonstrating he is not even fit to sit on the bench, and the attorney generals of each of these states are demonstrating they are not fit to be in the office they are in
T McFarland from her role as Deputy National Security Advisor and inserted Dina Habib-Powell, former Bush gatekeeper whose pals included Huma Abedin and Valerie Jarrett
S  officials have made it clear that, as soon as they get their hands on him, they will manufacture a reason to put him on trial and put him in prison
Article posted with permission from Sons Of Liberty Media President Donald Trump Proposes "Simple Immigration Plan": Illegals Have To Go!
At least C-SPAN is neutral in the matter and simply let the video reprove every single one of them But it's more than that, self-proclaimed "fact checkers" like Snopes simply posted an Associated Press article, which clearly biased towards indicating the video was "doctored" by saying it was sped up, but that's not doctoring
It never went to court I was never discredited at all
Is the FBI racist (and maybe a bit sexist)? Nah, it’s just CNN doing what CNN does… spewing more fake news for your viewing pleasure
Nearly three years ago, seeing what was certainly coming on the disastrous course Bergoglio had already clearly established, this newspaper published a petition which states: “We your subjects respectfully petition Your Holiness to change course for the good of the Church and the welfare of souls Failing this, would it not be better for Your Holiness to renounce the Petrine office than to preside over what threatens to be a catastrophic compromise of the Church’s integrity?” Our petition was of course dismissed as “ridiculous” by the neo-Catholic commentariat
Despite cops rallying behind the blue line to defend this killer cop, the rest of the country is not buying it In a damning tweet, writer Kashana Cauley summed up the nature of the smear campaign quite succinctly
Wouldn’t it be more logical to either have the shots fired from the rear, where Oswald was, or, alternatively, place Oswald in the front, where the shots were fired? That’s where the brilliance, ingenuity, and cunningness of the cover-up come into play
President Trump has bombed the Assad forces in Syria, a client state of Putin, something that Obama refused to do because he didn’t want to provoke Putin Trump has expelled more Russian diplomats and sanctioned more Russian oligarchs than [Obama] has
We can overlook the fig leaf “whether Francis knows it or not…” Fisher knows that Francis knows it, even if she still cannot bring herself to say explicitly what should now be apparent to the entire body of the faithful: that Bergoglio’s very presence on the Chair of Peter is a grave threat to the common good of the Church and the integrity of the Faith
Scorecard: See If Your Representative Or Senator Supports The Second Amendment Or Not With just weeks to go till the 2018 midterm elections, there are lots of seats up for grabs
A manager at the complex declined to indicate exactly when Guyger moved out and if she left the premises voluntarily, the Dallas Morning News reports While residents can certainly sleep better knowing that they don’t have to fear a killer cop walking into their apartment and murdering them, the family of Botham Jean likely sees this as one more instance of injustice
 Gen  Carlos Castillo Armas, who proceeded to instigate a reign of terror across Guatemala
Leeann Tweeden, a radio news anchor, says Franken groped and forcibly kissed her during a USO tour in 2006, before the former comedian was a senator She says Franken "aggressively stuck his tongue in my mouth" when the pair rehearsed a skit that featured a kiss
This passage envisions some of the disbelievers becoming Muslim, and then turning away again, whereupon the Muslims are told to “kill them wherever you find them ” God’s inexhaustible mercy, indeed
” The Pope did not make the slightest comment about those very grave words of mine and did not show any expression of surprise on his face, as if he had already known the matter for some time, and he immediately changed the subject But then, what was the Pope’s purpose in asking me that question: “What is Cardinal McCarrick like?” He clearly wanted to find out if I was an ally of McCarrick or not…
The progressive party can dare the Republicans to ignore the endless specious demands, stop the show-trial, and proceed to a vote on Kavanaugh, because they know the Republicans, fearful of the “optics,” will cave They know that the eleven male Republican Senators on the Judiciary Committee dread the #MeToo movement casting them as knuckle-dragging Neanderthal sexists who want to “silence” the accuser with their “cavalier treatment of a sexual assault survivor,” as one Ford lawyer has said
86 (as of 09:30 EDT - Details) Trump’s objectives, at least initially, were to crush North Korea and the threats it could pose to the United States and its regional allies Japan and South Korea Trump sought to set up Kim as a bogeyman, and himself as America’s savior
But to say God completely destroyed two cities and all their inhabitants for being inhospitable clearly misses the point While Sodom and Gomorrah were guilty of many other horrendous sins, homosexuality was the reason God poured fiery sulfur on the cities, completely destroying them and all of their inhabitants
“This operation reflects ICE’s commitment to public safety through targeted enforcement efforts,” said Rebecca Adducci, field office director for ERO Detroit “I applaud the brave men and women of ICE who put themselves in harm’s way daily to keep our community safe
JP: You are absolutely right: It is a terrible time for journalism I have never known anything quite like it in my career
This is clearly a set-up (Christine Ford is also a far-left Democrat operative) designed to derail the nomination of a good man There is no low to which the Democrats will not sink to attain their nefarious goals of stopping the President from strengthening America and protecting Americans
Tillerson Out – CIA Director Pompeo In At State Dept – Gina Haspel As Head Of CIA From Bad To Worse?
“Our leaders, our media, our police, all prioritize Islam in their decision-making,” she said “Why is it so easy for our state to jail Tommy Robinson, when it is so difficult to jail a group of men found with an underage girl in a bedroom?
Mac Slavo recently reported for SHTFplan: The newest warning about the outbreak of the airborne pneumonic plague, or black death, in Madagascar has been released
The media gave scant coverage to Obama’s close relationship with radical Reverend Jeremiah “God damn America) Wright who blamed the US for 9/11 I detailed Obama’s nefarious connections and resulting worldview in my book, The Post-American Presidency: The Obama Administration’s War on America , which was ignored by the mainstream media
I was looking this morning at a report by Media Lens in Britain describing how the British press has reported on Julian Assange It describes the tsunami of vindictive personal abuse that has been heaped upon Julian from well-known journalists, many claiming liberal credentials
"Without Otto, this would not have happened," Trump said Trump and Kim -- both intent on making history -- greeted each other early in the day with extended hands in front of a row of US and North Korean flags, a previously unthinkable sight that reflects a new chapter in the two countries' acrimonious relationship
Ms  Ford’s supporters are exploiting the “Me Too” movement to declare Judge Kavanaugh guilty simply because Ms
” In response to the news, Peter Golds, the leader of the Conservatives group in the council, tweeted: “In 2015 one of the Tower Hamlets First election candidates tweeted ‘let us support Hitler the Great ’ These people, corruptly elected, have no shame
That is the only expression that will demonstrate concern for the young Sign the Petition to Stop the Synod Here
You should learn to call them by their real name, ‘Satan ’ You’re coming face to face with Satan, the Arch Deceiver, the enemy of God, and the enemy of the righteous
The Muslim migrant teen who bombed the London Tube told border officials that he was trained by ISIS, but was admitted anyway Meanwhile, the UK banned three bishops from areas of Iraq and Syria where Christians are persecuted from entering the country
WikiLeaks and 9/11: What if? In an op-ed published several years ago by The Los Angeles Times, two members of Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity, Coleen Rowley and Bogdan Dzakovic, pointed out that — If WikiLeaks had been up and running before 9/11 — frustrated FBI investigators might have chosen to leak information that their superiors bottled up, perhaps averting the terrorism attacks
He has to go BREAKING NEWS: TRUMP TELLS JEFF SESSIONS TO PUT AN END TO RUSSIA PROBE AS HE CLAIMS PROSECUTORS DOING MUELLER’S ‘DIRTY WORK ARE A DISGRACE’ TO AMERICA
” Anyone who teaches that they have authority to execute wrath upon "him that doeth good” is ignorant and uneducated in their misleadings (1 John 4:6) To tell Christians to submit to evil civil authority is teaching the opposite of what is true
The first five candidates were overwhelmingly approved, but when they got to Lew, the only Jewish director, he was rejected 105 to 73 In a subsequent Facebook post, Lew wrote, “My Jewish identity was now public, and a target was placed squarely upon me by the McGill BDS movement
The enemies of Francis have declared war ” Notice that for Winters it is not the Church or the integrity of her doctrine and discipline that must be defended against enemies, but only Bergoglio and the regime of novelty he is leading to its final extremity
Number one is justice The injustice done to this man is legion, both in terms of the bogus Swedish case and now the fact that he must remain in the embassy and can’t leave without being arrested, extradited to the United States and ending up in a hell hole
In other words, unlike Lee Harvey Oswald, who had absolutely no motive to kill President Kennedy, the national security establishment did have motive, a powerful motive, the same motive that motivated the CIA and Pentagon to target other political leaders for regime change or assassination around that time, such as Mohamad Mossadegh, Jacobo Arbenz, Patrice Lumumba (who Kennedy admired), Fidel Castro, and Salvador Allende For a more detailed analysis of motive, read FFF’s ebook JFK’s War with the National Security Establishment: Why Kennedy Was Assassinated by Douglas Horne, who served on the staff of the Assassination Records Review Board in the 1990s
Because of this schizophrenic mindset of the Church’s leadership since 1965, we have all come to accept the underlying premise; that the Church is a “big umbrella” with plenty of room for people of all personal opinions, that such issues as liturgy are matters of personal “taste” …that two opposed things can both be Catholic truth This schizophrenia is the model under which “conservatives” have operated all this time, and by which they have judged a man like Joseph Ratzinger to be a “conservative champion of orthodoxy
Brett Kavanaugh’s confirmation hearings for the Supreme Court illustrate that this false assumption leads only to more demands, and ultimately to defeat The last-minute accusations from Christine Blasey Ford, a woman who claims that decades ago Kavanaugh groped her at a high school party, and Deborah Ramirez, who accused Kavanaugh of exposing himself to her at a frat party at Yale, are transparent acts of aggression against the judge and Republicans, one engineered by the Democrats
Why did God judge Sodom and Gomorrah? It's the same reason that he is judging America today (Amos 4:12), He cannot find the righteous in order to spare her (Jeremiah 22:3)
Being Skeptical Of Documented Liars Attacking a Supreme Court Nominee Is A Good Thing - Here's Why If you don’t like President Trump and can’t understand how anyone could, look no further than the past week for an excellent example of what on Earth could’ve made a man promising to Drain the Swamp so popular
 Posted by Eighth Judicial District Attorney on Thursday, August 30, 2018 He also sought to fight back against criticism in his failure to perform his job
His treatment amounts to the most unprecedented persecution Julian could leave the embassy if his own government, the government of his homeland, Australia, applied legitimate diplomatic pressure on behalf of its citizen
Kate Steinle's death at the hands of a Mexican national became a flashpoint in the immigration debate — here's the story behind her killing The surprise acquittal of Jose Ines Garcia Zarate in the shooting death of San Francisco woman Kate Steinle set off a firestorm of outrage Thursday night, as top conservatives and critics of so-called "sanctuary cities" pinned blame for Steinle's death on illegal immigration and insufficiently aggressive deportation policies
No jury would send a young man to prison based on that testimony Without a shred of evidence, a highly qualified judge, with no other blemish on his record, is being smeared on the national stage by a political lynch mob out for blood
Hunter Richard, the 16-year-old teen who says he was wearing the hat, told WOAI that some of his hair was ripped off as the man removed it from his head "I support my President and, if you don’t, let’s have a conversation about it instead of ripping my hat off,” he told the station
The cardinal said that he is “not happy” about the fact that there are different interpretations of this papal text by some bishops' conferences “In dogmatic questions, there cannot be a plurality,” he added
But of course, it’s all because of journalists who supposedly hate Islam and Muslims Ever the victim
[emphasis added] Thus did Paul describe the conciliar “opening to the world” through which the world promptly invaded the Church, including large numbers of homosexuals who should never have been admitted to the seminary
His employer was a San Antonio nightspot called Rumble Immediately upon learning of the altercation, the bar announced that it had fired Jimenez because they believed such behavior was immoral, uncalled for, and not in keeping with Rumble’s welcoming personality
Releasing instructions for their manufacture, which now only circulate on the dark Web, will lead directly to the loss of more innocent lives The administration should stop the State Department from going ahead with this foolhardy move, and Congress should act to plug the loopholes that these guns are designed to take advantage of
According to Loomer, she obtained the image from a source which shows that Paddock’s car first arrived September 25th The photo even has a handwritten note that was reportedly written by an FBI agent – proving that the FBI specifically lied to the country
Anybody? The Jews claim that it happened to them alone and that the number of Jews who died in that Holocaust was six million
 aid should be leverage I will be using my position in Congress so that no country, not one, should be able to get aid from the U
The report recalls that Facebook censored Glazov in April for posting screenshots of a Muslim’s threat to him Twitter also lashed out at him for quoting directly from Islamic religious texts, citing its anti-“hate” policies
He said he was being framed Yet, from the very beginning, the mainstream media has never given any serious consideration to the possibility that Oswald was framed for the crime
[6] “justice and beneficence” are considered on behalf of the community, not the patient [7] Bioethicists take it as read that in order for a life to have sufficient “quality” it must demonstrate sufficient autonomy
He said that on Trump’s instruction, he paid off two women who were claiming sexual affairs with Trump The intricacies of American laws relating to politics are often unclear
The plague spreads easily and can kill within 48 hours That would leave millions more vulnerable to the outbreak, and create a short supply of life-saving antibiotics
This month has been quite a spectacle, even for this pontificate; an apparently unending stream of outrages and embarrassments, with the pope and his Vatican media support jumping from one scandal to the next But among secular reporters the sex abuse issue trumps all others and the fallout continues to blaze down on the Bergoglian pontificate in response to his amazing accusation earlier this month that victims of sexual abuse by clergy were engaging in “calumny,” in their accusations against a Chilean bishop, Juan de la Cruz Barros Madrid
Federal Prosecutors Called In After Florida Democrats Caught Altering Election Documents Florida should be called and called now unless the GOP wants to Florida and Georgia stolen the way they are stealing House seats
In an affidavit filed in support of a criminal complaint, an FBI special agent wrote that Leveille’s 13-year-old son told investigators that his mother’s boyfriend, Siraj Ibn Wahhaj, 40, wanted to “get an army together” and train them for jihad The boy told agents that Ibn Wahhaj trained him and another of Leveille’s teenage sons in firearms and military techniques, including rapid reloads and hand-to-hand combat, and told them jihad meant killing non-believers on behalf of Allah, according to the affidavit filed in U
In all but a few months of the Obama Administration, native-born workers have lost ground to immigrants Time is running out for native-born workers—a
To contradict two popes – whom the Church has already “beatified” the one and “canonized” the other – so shortly after their deaths, and in such a radical and open manner, probably has never happened before in the Church's history Isaiah says that such people draw unto them God's punishment, with thick cords!
The president slammed Avenatti “Avenatti is a third rate lawyer who is good at making false accusations, like he did on me and like he is now doing on Judge Brett Kavanaugh[,]” Trump wrote on Twitter
The American Jewish Historical Society was founded to study and preserve Jewish history These days it’s instead partnering with Jewish Voice for Peace: an anti-Israel BDS hate group that defends anti-Semitism and which sponsored talks by an anti-Semite who accused Jews of drinking blood
Another student told my daughter that she and the first student and her adult friends are going to kill me and carve a satanic star in my chest and rip out my organs They then threatened to hang my 3-year-old and 1-year-old and kidnap my 14-year-old
No Americans have been charged with conspiring with Russians to meddle in the 2016 elections—at least none the public knows about But major Trumpworld figures were charged with a variety of other crimes, including former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, former campaign chairman Paul Manafort, deputy campaign chairman Richard Gates and Trump's former personal lawyer and fixer Michael Cohen
” About seven hours later, the country’s top law enforcement officer fired back
His opinion is: “Take it seriously, but with a large grain of salt ” Which is just Allen’s more nuanced way of saying: “Don’t believe it
Over the last few days the alternative media has spent countless hours conducting their own investigations into what actually happened during the mass shooting in Las Vegas that left 59 dead and over 500 injured From reports of multiple shooters to officials seemingly covering up the ISIS connection, many different theories have been put forth that counter the mainstream narrative
al , repeated endlessly in the propaganda ministry that is the Western press, encourages
Only one camera can be in the room Kavanaugh must testify first, a grotesque inversion of our bedrock principle that an accused has the right to confront his accuser’s charges
To call it anything else would be deceitful and would only ignore the problem further There has been a great deal of effort to keep separate acts which fall under the category of now-culturally-acceptable acts of homosexuality from the publically-deplorable acts of pedophilia
Remind me again: What exactly has Vatican II and the last fifty years of aggiornamento given us? Because I can't seem to think of a darn thing, apart from heretical homilies, sodomitical clergy and an increasingly lavender liturgy
All they have to do is delay the confirmation until after the election So, they dig up some Trump-hating woman from Kavanaugh’s past and convince her to say that he assaulted her thinking that such an allegation will surely delay the vote long enough for them to regain control of Congress
In this case the marriage valid before God would be the second one and the pastor could grant the sacrament, certainly with the appropriate precautions as not to scandalize the community of the faithful and not to weaken the conviction of marriage indissolubility The Cardinal knows this is moral and canonical nonsense
They have also paid $400,000 to the United States to settle a related civil suit The Hammonds are devoted family men, respected contributors to their local community, and have widespread support from their neighbors, local law enforcement, and farmers and ranchers across the West
S  Military and CLOSE OUR SOUTHERN BORDER!” Trump said on Twitter
Using a very low standard of proof The standard for obtaining an ex parte order against a gun owner is absurdly low – one need only show “reasonable cause” to believe that the person may pose a risk
Even as President Trump moves swiftly to restore sanctions and put Iran on notice that its nuclear activity and global adventurism will not be tolerated, those billions cannot be recovered, and the Iranians have already spent a great deal for their jihad cause However this catastrophe plays out, there is one man who will suffer no consequences whatsoever: Barack Obama
“It’s just a much bigger responsibility I feel like our mandate has blossomed
It promotes neo-liberalism and a delves into cranky identity grievances stories It also became an main outlet for manipulative propaganda peddled by the British secret services
[6] “justice and beneficence” are considered on behalf of the community, not the patient [7] Bioethicists take it as read that in order for a life to have sufficient “quality” it must demonstrate sufficient autonomy
com “It’s gotta be a set-up”: Neighbor of Las Vegas Shooter Claims He Didn’t Do It
” Giving prelates who object the impression they’ll be “marginalized or worse” if they speak out
Jim Scanlan, another survivor, said “the timing of it is too perfect” given the controversy last month surrounding Pope Francis’s remarks that accused victims of a notorious Chilean pedophile priest, the Rev Fernando Karadima, of “slander” against Bishop Juan Barros, who the victims say was complicit in a cover up
It isn’t This is the crisis of an ancient and immortal institution trying desperately to seem young and fashionable; like all old men, it only manages to come across as lecherous and pathetic
After the Parkland school shooting, had Donald Trump simply used his bully pulpit to promote arming teachers and school employees as a deterrent and defense against these school shootings without calling for more gun control, it would have been a HUGE boost for the Second Amendment in general and school safety in particular Instead, Trump fell in with anti-Second Amendment liberals and started calling for more gun control, adding “mental health” restrictions to gun purchases and making his stupid Stalinist statements about taking guns first and worrying about due process later
She said her son cannot walk and suffers seizures, and requires constant medical attention An arrest warrant states that Wahhaj "wanted to perform an exorcism" on the child because he believed he was possessed by the devil
 Immigration and Nationality Act ICE deportation officers carry out targeted enforcement operations daily nationwide as part of the agency’s ongoing efforts to protect the nation, uphold public safety, and protect the integrity of our immigration laws and border controls
Cardinal Knox, who was the man responsible for the Eucharistic Congress, is now the Prefect of the Congregation for Divine Worship I read in the newspaper about a Mass Cardinal Knox celebrated during the Eucharistic Congress where sensual dancing was performed at the same time the words of the Consecration were pronounced
” How could Ryan possibly know this? Isn’t he prejudging the case without even finding out what actually happened?
In Volusia County, Florida, hundreds protested Islamic lessons in their “World History” text, a Common Core-approved high school history textbook With an entire chapter dedicated to the virtues of Islam and not a single chapter for Christianity, the textbook had Floridians in a frenzy
The Obama administration chose to look the other way Does anybody with a modicum of sense really believe that such collaboration between the two rogue nations is not going on today?
Cardinal Burke, please and in God's Holy Name, we beg you to act now -- before Pope Francis succeeds in tearing the Church in half completely We fear that your silence now, in the face of this latest papal travesty, may suggest consent to the claim that Amoris Laetitia is magisterial, and thus prove more damaging than if you had never raised your voice at all
The British government, in imprisoning Tommy Robinson, has shown itself willing to incarcerate people for having opinions that it considers unacceptable That heralds the death of Britain as a free society and the beginning of an authoritarian police state there, unless this slide to totalitarianism is stopped now
Sadly, many of Judge Kavanaugh’s haters have thrown that rule aside If Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination is pulled as a result of the smears and character assassination, President Trump should immediately nominate someone on his short list such as Amy Coney Barrett and the Senate Republican majority should then push through the new nominee’s confirmation as soon as possible
President Donald Trump referenced the Democratic Caucus’ missing server in a tweet But because the letter to the CHA was kept secret, many news outlets have not grasped that the House’s top cop documented a “missing server” connected to the Democratic Caucus
And if we complain about it, they call us racists and Islamophobes But I say, no more!
“The cop came to [Awan’s defense attorney] Chris Gowen’s office with a stack of papers … Then he came back and said, ‘I thought you guys were the other party ’ He was very, very angry
Guyger then called 911 from her cellphone and started performing first aid She turned on the lights, then went to the front door again and realized the apartment wasn't hers, the affidavit says
Days later, some victims begin bleeding through the nose, mouth, and eyes Depending on the strain of the Ebola virus, it can kill up to 90% of victims
First, the very people who have been loudest in attacking President Trump about his performance at the Helsinki summit are the people who failed to protect America from Russian meddling in 2016 The very intensity and nastiness of former CIA Director Brennan and former Director of National Intelligence Clapper is an attempt to distract attention from their failure to protect America
The first five candidates were overwhelmingly approved, but when they got to Lew, the only Jewish director, he was rejected 105 to 73 In a subsequent Facebook post, Lew wrote, “My Jewish identity was now public, and a target was placed squarely upon me by the McGill BDS movement
Does Ramadan remind us of “the richness Muslims add to the religious tapestry of American life,” or is Ramadan “a month of calamity everywhere for nonbelievers”? Islam’s core beliefs make it clear that the latter statement is closer to the truth
This is in West Virginia, not Baghdad And it’s a problem not just in West Virginia – it’s a national problem
The Islamic State (ISIS), in its heyday, quoted the Qur’an frequently -- odd behavior if the group actually was ignorant of, indifferent to, or in violation of the book’s core tenets ISIS quoted the Qur’an extensively in threats to blow up the White House and conquer Rome and Spain; in explaining its priorities in the nations it is targeting in jihad; in preaching to Christians after collecting the jizya (a Qur’an-based tax, cf
[Judge Orders Potential Release Of Hundreds Of Illegals From Iraq, by Stephen Dinan, Washington Times, January 3, 2018] He is ordering the release of hundreds of Iraqi illegal aliens and criminal aliens, all because he wants them to have another bite at the apple--they, like the Indonesians, lost claims to political asylum years ago
New Mexico Jihadis’ Defense Attorney: “If These Were White Christians…No One Would Bat An Eye” Editor's Note: If they were white, devout Christians, we wouldn't hear about this cause it would have never taken place because it would have gone against the teachings of Christ and there would have been an outcry by Christians everywhere against people might engage in such behavior and would claim such things
As it turns out, security guard Jesus Campos was actually shot BEFORE Paddock opened fire on the concert crowd below his 32nd floor hotel suite As part of the constantly changing story, officials are now saying that police officers who rushed to the hotel room when the shooting began didn’t know a hotel security guard had been shot “until they met him in the hallway after exiting the elevator,” Lombardo said
A third evaluation will follow before the court finally reaches a decision Traore, 28, is accused of torturing and killing Halimi while shouting about Allah and subsequently throwing her off the balcony of her Paris apartment
I’m sure President Trump is deeply disappointed in not being able to enter Tower Hamlets But this ridiculous exercise in virtue-signaling, even though it has not (yet) been taken up by the Home Office, only highlights Britain’s hypocrisy and double standards regarding who can enter the country and who cannot
These groups of people are simply enemies of the cross of Christ and know not the power of God unto salvation (Philippians 3:18) Furthermore, I said to this woman that this is how you can tell who the genuine Christians are that are in the fight and those who are counterfeits
“ This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further
The first order of business is to scuttle the upcoming October Synod on Young People, the Faith, and Vocational Discernment Remember that influential Roman gentleman friend of McCarrick who said that Bergoglio could reform the Church in 5 years?
Luke Harding and the Guardian Publish Still More Blatant MI6 Lies The right wing Ecuadorean government of President Moreno continues to churn out its production line of fake documents regarding Julian Assange, and channel them straight to MI6 mouthpiece Luke Harding of the Guardian
” Given his long experience witnessing the church’s inertia on the issue, Saviano said, he has set his expectations at rock bottom
Many people were tortured and were starved to death there […] “The Jews were banished, tortured, and annihilated because of their deeds
Improbably, the Guardian has adopted Higgins as the poster-boy for a supposed citizen journalism it has sought to undermine as “fake news” whenever it occurs on social media without the endorsement of state-backed organisations The truth is that the Guardian has not erred in this latest story attacking Assange, or in its much longer-running campaign to vilify him
Police shot him in the leg, ruled out terrorism and blamed mental illness In December of last year, Saleh Ali, a Syrian refugee wearing a keffiyah and waving a terrorist PLO flag, went up to a Jewish restaurant in Amsterdam, shouted “Allahu Akbar” and began smashing the windows
Josephine Ralisiarisoa firmly believes the country’s cash-strapped government is just exaggerating the problem to get money ahead of an election next year And it isn’t that anyone is putting this past a government to lie for profits, but health officials have even warned tourists, a source of money, to stay away from Madagascar for their own health
But if you are a freedom-loving American who values your liberties and the God-given right to defend them, happy is NOT what you should be feeling right now You should be OUTRAGED at Donald Trump, and you should be absolutely determined to be ever vigilant against ANY attempt from Democrats or Republicans from federal, State, or municipal government to enact further restrictions against your right to keep and bear arms—because Trump has opened the door not only for more gun control but also for gun confiscation
 Allen Cheng, Professor of Infectious Diseases Epidemiology at Monash University in Melbourne “It’s not possible to eradicate plague, as it is widespread in wildlife rodents outside the sphere of human influence,” Cheng wrote on The Conversation
We are in the early stages of a cultural civil war in which the left sees itself losing This is what led me to write my new New York Times best-selling book, “Trump’s America: The Truth About Our Nation’s Great Comeback
Dem Congressman Praises Hitler-Loving Anti-Semite The media is very interested in racism
On average, between 300 and 600 infections are recorded every year among a population approaching 25 million people, according to a UN estimate But Tedros voiced alarm that "plague in Madagascar behaved in a very, very different way this year
” The hatred of Trump by the military/security complex and by the white male hating Identity Politics of the Democratic Party is giving the world the spectacle of an American democratic presidential election being overthrown by a conspiracy between the military/security complex, the Democratic Party, and the whores who constitute the American print and TV media
A San Francisco jury on Thursday found Jose Ines Garcia Zarate, also known as Juan Francisco Lopez Sanchez, not guilty of the murder of Kate Steinle on a San Francisco pier on July 1, 2015 The jury of six men and six women, including three immigrants, found the Mexican national not guilty of all murder and manslaughter charges and guilty only of felony possession of a firearm
In fact, Saris' actions appear to more akin to that of the Mexican kritarch Monica Herranz who aided an illegal alien to escape arrest by ICE when she let that illegal alien leave her courtroom through the exit to her judicial chambers Saris is clearly scheming to help Rombot escape deportation by disappearing into the almost 1 million illegal aliens absconding from Final Orders of Removal
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reports on documents they obtained which claims that the adults were training these children to carry out mass shootings in schools The documents claim Siraj Ibn Wahhaj and his co-defendants conducted weapons training at the camp where they were found Friday with 11 children in allegedly “third world” conditions
Can we not see in Fr Weinandy a voice raised up by heaven itself to say, from deep within the post-conciliar ecclesial establishment, things that exceed in their candor what even certain traditionalist commentators have ventured to state?
!” My acceptance from the reading of this document of the Church’s orthodox eucharistic doctrine was based in part on Pope Paul’s gracious and beautiful exposition, and in part on the sheer radical, mad unlikeliness of it
We are talking about a publisher and reporter who has changed history JP: Nothing in my time as a journalist has equaled the rise of WikiLeaks and its extraordinary impact on journalism
Thank you! Keeping things moving, and I think a lot of us can just shout out, “What are you thinking?” as President Donald Trump brings CIA Director Mike Pompeo, a man that blasted the likes of Edward Snowden for revealing the crimes of our government, to the State Department and installs Gina Haspel in the position of head of the Central Intelligence Agency
 banks Barack Obama spent considerable time selling the American people on the idea of a cooperative Iran — all the while cutting quiet deals, behind closed doors, with the rogue nation
But when Arnold got her grade back on Feb  1, she was shocked to see her professor had failed her
Undercover Video: Andrew Gillum Staffer: “None of the programs that people are hoping for would happen” Florida gubernatorial candidate and George Soros-backed Andrew Gillum may have just been completely undercut by a member of his own staff
These groups of people are simply enemies of the cross of Christ and know not the power of God unto salvation (Philippians 3:18) Furthermore, I said to this woman that this is how you can tell who the genuine Christians are that are in the fight and those who are counterfeits
Whether that matters in terms of public opinion for Trump is unclear, but it certainly isn’t good for any Republican senators caught up in the middle, along with any other candidates who have had to weigh in only to find the facts as they knew them constantly changing It’s also the case that the more negative information comes out, the more it appears that the Trump and his White House staff failed to do their jobs in vetting and managing Kavanaugh
These groups of people are simply enemies of the cross of Christ and know not the power of God unto salvation (Philippians 3:18) Furthermore, I said to this woman that this is how you can tell who the genuine Christians are that are in the fight and those who are counterfeits
I call them Vichy journalists — after the Vichy government that served and enabled the German occupation of wartime France Last October, the Australian Broadcasting Corporation journalist Sarah Ferguson interviewed Hillary Clinton, over whom she fawned as “the icon for your generation”
Further, a Chilean judicial inquiry found all the victims who testified — including the letter’s author Juan Carlos — to be credible, and that there was a major cover-up of the abuse by Father Karadima Arroyo spoke with Cruz as well, who said he was “incredibly frustrated” when Barros was going to be appointed
Julian Assange called it "a hack job in the purest sense of the term" Harding is also known as plagiarizer
In an affidavit filed in support of a criminal complaint, an FBI special agent wrote that Leveille’s 13-year-old son told investigators that his mother’s boyfriend, Siraj Ibn Wahhaj, 40, wanted to “get an army together” and train them for jihad The boy told agents that Ibn Wahhaj trained him and another of Leveille’s teenage sons in firearms and military techniques, including rapid reloads and hand-to-hand combat, and told them jihad meant killing non-believers on behalf of Allah, according to the affidavit filed in U
"(T)his is the kind of work the US Government needs to do every day to make our sanctions regimes effective without creating such burdens on allies and partners that they are pushed to work around our financial dominance," Blanc said A former administration official told CNN that reports suggesting they were planning to restore Iran's access to the US financial system "were absolutely false," that the license was "totally in line with our well-known obligations under the deal
“Islamophobia,” Leftists insist, is a much greater issue This is the result: Useful Idiots such as Kyrsten Sinema end up promoting the likes of Lynne Stewart, who was convicted of aiding the jihad mass murder plotting of the Blind Sheikh, Omar Abdel Rahman, who masterminded the 1993 World Trade Center
I think it's great that Mr  Saucier has been pardoned, I really do, but I continue to ask what a lot of Americans continue to ask, why does the known criminal Hillary Clinton remain at large in our country with her corrupt foundation taking in billions, her trashing our Republic and continuing to have a national voice?
Even when police forced the man to surrender his firearm, the man made no threatening gesture toward the officers Gun confiscation has started in America—and President Trump’s Stalinist statements about taking guns first and worrying about due process later is the banner under which this is happening
” The enemedia is scrubbing and censoring this story – but it is just as we have warned/predicted for years
When the Americans occupied the republics of the Indians, they annihilated millions of human beings It is said that they annihilated 50-100 hundred million, but nobody ever mentions this
The fortunes that the Washington Post and the New York Times made on Mueller leaks and conspiracy theories are priceless The Mueller report with its inevitable lies, smears and assaults from the Obama/Clinton team behind the grim face of Robert Mueller is in
Social media erupted with outrage at the verdict (with very few – if any attempting to defend the verdict)… I don't know any American citizen who is a 5x felon and could get away with killing someone with a stolen gun
 Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 30, 2017 I’m not sure we’re doing just fine, but Trump is right that the real problem is jihad terror and Sharia supremacism, and British authorities want to ignore that and shoot the messenger
And the designs for making your own printer have been available on the Internet for years 3D printers make the already extremely difficult job of controlling access to guns practically impossible
In December 2015, Zakkout posted a photo of Israel Defense Forces (IDF) Chief of Staff Gadi Eizenkot, who is a decorated veteran of many different wars and battles fought by Israel over the last three-plus decades Above the picture of Eizenkot, Zakkout wrote in Arabic, “You’re a Jew, the grandson of a monkey and a pig
To restore the beauty of holiness to the face of the Bride of Christ, which is terribly disfigured by so many abominable crimes, and if we truly want to free the Church from the fetid swamp into which she has fallen, we must have the courage to tear down the culture of secrecy and publicly confess the truths we have kept hidden We must tear down the conspiracy of silence with which bishops and priests have protected themselves at the expense of their faithful, a conspiracy of silence that in the eyes of the world risks making the Church look like a sect, a conspiracy of silence not so dissimilar from the one that prevails in the mafia
” “Their only defense was that the activities they described were either non-partisan or were not officially taken by the company,” Carlson said Monday night, describing Google’s official response to his requests for comment, before challenging the company’s response: “But of course they were both
has been the mantra of the neo-Catholic establishment for nearly half a century of ecclesial auto-demolition But wait, there’s more!
Americans who value the Constitution should take this rare moment to agree with McCain Yikes!
Ricki Seidman, a Democratic operative and former Clinton White House official who is now an advisor to Mrs  Ford, said in July (at roughly the same time as the letter was submitted) that she predicted a "strategy" forming to destroy Brett Kavanaugh
“Breaking: Judge makes stunning decision in Muslim compound case after charges of racism,” by Carlos Garcia, The Blaze, August 13, 2018 (thanks to Robert): In a hearing Monday, a New Mexico judge found that suspects in a bizarre child abuse case were not a danger to the public, and released them on bond Defense attorney blames Islamophobia Two Muslim men and three women are charged with 11 counts of child abuse each after police raided their compound in New Mexico and discovered 11 malnourished children living in squalor
 Supreme Court reveals its malicious agenda to block the nominee from sitting on the high court when its new term begins Monday, October 1 Democrats had Kavanaugh accuser Christine Blasey Ford’s never-credible accusations of sexual abuse -- including possible attempted rape -- in hand way back in the summer
In many parts of the world, Britain is still the biggest corporate investor But it does move in lockstep with the US on much of its foreign policy
Guardian ups its vilification of Julian Assange It is welcome that finally there has been a little pushback, including from leading journalists, to the Guardian’s long-running vilification of Julian Assange, the founder of Wikileaks
” The case of the Netherlands is downright bizarre; sisters so old that even the federation structures are breaking down
You are so annoyingly good The American people deserve the truth varied our security was compromised, we import uranium, because we don’t have enough
" “We will fight those who want to change the Christian identity of Hungary and Europe,” Orban concluded
Leftwing journalist Glenn Greenwald is no fan of President Trump’s policies, but he simply cannot understand how the leftwing media keeps getting so riled up at everything that Trump does In Greenwald’s mind, Trump is a fairly standard politician (when it comes to the policies he supports and implements), which is what makes the media’s constant flow of outrage so mystifying
” Together they appeared to signal a shift in White House strategy — earlier this week Trump had warned Saudi rulers could face “severe punishment” — and suggested the administration has decided to help its most important ally in the Arab world defuse an international crisis over the fate of Jamal Khashoggi
One of the most prominent of those puzzle pieces is the apparent inability of these “conservative” prelates, to detect, let alone effectively oppose, these brazen enemies of the Faith within the episcopate and College of Cardinals It beggars belief of ordinary people that, after so many years of hearing and reading them, Ratzinger would remain on such friendly terms with men like Walter Kasper and Carlo Maria Martini, the alleged brains of the Sankt Gallen Mafia
The North’s weapons are obsolescent; its small air forces and navy will be vaporized by US power but its troops are deeply dug into the mountainous terrain and would be fighting from prepared positions War against North Korea would be a slow and bloody slog– even a repeat of the bloody, stalemated 1950-52 Korean War in which 39,000 Americans and at least 2
Troops getting ready to close off three NB vehicle lanes at the San Ysidro Port Entry and one at the Otay Mesa Port of Entry They’ll be putting up barriers and razor wire in preparation for the migrant caravan headed to the US/Mexico border
The killer had allegedly shouted, “Allahu Akbar” In the tragic comedy of denial that every Islamic terrorism investigation inevitably becomes, the authorities are still hunting around for his motiv Yonathan Halimi, Sarah Lucy’s son, describes the killer’s family as being known for its anti-Semitism
With not a penny going to WikiLeaks, a hyped Guardian book led to a lucrative Hollywood movie deal The book’s authors, Luke Harding and David Leigh, gratuitously abused Assange as a “damaged personality” and “callous”
 troop commitment to Syria, he said, is now open-ended Our goals: Guarantee al-Qaida and ISIS do not return and set up sanctuary; cope with rising Iranian influence in Damascus; and pursue the removal of Bashar Assad's ruthless regime
com Uranium One Bombshell: Evidence of Bribery, Extortion, Kickbacks, Money Laundering, and More!
When Cain complains that being a “vagabond  on the earth, every one therefore that findeth me, shall kill me,” God laid down that “whoever shall kill Cain shall be punished sevenfold,” setting a mysterious identifying mark on him to protect him from the vengeance of others
The McCarrick news – and all the stuff swirling around it like the latest about Bishop Pineda and his connection to Pope Francis through Cardinal Maradiaga – has not come in contrast to this but as an intrinsic part of it The scandal of McCarrick is simply a toxic emission, a venting of the gasses that build up naturally around any rotting thing
Let’s start with the Cardinal who will lead the upcoming Synod, none other than Cardinal Kevin Farrell, Prefect of the Dicastery for Laity, Family and Life As the DC roommate and protege of Ted McCarrick, Farrell so respected McCarrick, the Molester, that he fashioned his Coat of Arms as a tribute to Uncle Ted
be/qSm1t3Uv9QI Muhammad said he thought the photograph would be “damaging politically” if it were released and was afraid that someone might “break into his apartment” looking for it, like “that Watergate crap
," he added “It’s not necessary to agree with everything he says, it’s not necessary to approve of everything he does, but history will judge him as being on the right side of a struggle between good and evil,” Batten continued
This actually may end up undermining the gun manufacturing industry in the future, as people will be able to build their own guns at home in a similar manner to how the internet has had a dramatic effect on the retail brick and mortar stores Wilson boasted that his efforts have officially killed gun control
The strongly worded statement came ahead of an Aug  25-26 papal pilgrimage to Ireland, one of the countries rocked by clergy sex abuse scandals, and followed an expose of pedophile priests in the U
!” he wrote on Twitter If someone can get me this young man’s information I’ll get him a new #maga hat… SIGNED by #potus!!!
Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf tweeted out an impending warning of the four-day raid last week, alerting targeted individuals to the imminent arrests, and infuriating Immigrations and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officials, who say that many more could have been caught if they hadn't been warned A spokesperson for ICE gave Fox News examples of some of the unsavory characters who evaded officals during the raid
No one did We saw headlines like this about early voter turn out and thought that this was finally the year that the ‘sleeping giant’ had awoken
The findings echo similar reports that caused the US to recall non-essential embassy staff from Cuba in 2017, after at least 24 US citizens suffered symptoms indicating they had been deliberately and covertly targeted US investigators are looking into whether the employee in China has been affected by a "sonic attack", which was one of the theories behind the still-unexplained illnesses suffered in Havana
That's not unique Selecting the Jews, based on race, for extermination is more of the reason why the term Nazi is not a positive one
 Ford is ignorant of this considering her father works for the Central Intelligence Agency and her prior criminal political activism, then you aren't thinking clearly Ford obviously has mental issues and that was on display on Thursday during her testimony
Now, there are 911 confirmed cases in addition to the almost 100 deaths While cases of bubonic plague occur in Madagascar nearly every year, the much more dangerous and deadly pneumonic plague has never been so prevalent
The Collateral Damage video, the war logs of Afghanistan and Iraq, the Cablegate revelations, the Venezuela revelations, the Podesta email revelations … these are just a few of the storms of raw truth that have blown through the capitals of rapacious power The fakery of Russia-gate, the collusion of a corrupt media and the shame of a legal system that pursues truth-tellers have not been able to hold back the raw truth of WikiLeaks revelations
But because the letter to the CHA was kept secret, many news outlets have not grasped that the House’s top cop documented a “missing server” connected to the Democratic Caucus The timeline laid out in the letter also shows that Becerra — now California’s Democratic attorney general — failed to ensure that the Awans didn’t have access to House computer systems during the 2016 election, which was wrought with cybersecurity scandals
“And how honest the church has been about this crisis Most bishops, besides apologies, have not been on the cutting edge of change
#Update: Teen who made national news after having #MAGA hat stolen at a San Antonio fast food restaurant just got this in the mail A hat signed by @realDonaldTrump
In any case, neither he nor society is any longer burdened with the guilt of his wrongdoing As Michel Martin pointed out in an article in Rome et d’Ailleurs for September-October 1983, “The truth is that the problem of the death penalty is insoluble except from a Christian point of view
They may have believed that they were supplying the correct information, but they still should not have altered official documents without verifying that they were right, which they weren’t It is yet to be determined whether the federal investigation will find Democratic ineptitude or deception in this case
Perhaps there is an easier way around all of this Perhaps from now on, President Trump should ignore Jim Acosta and take anyone and everyone else's questions in the room but his questions
” Recent data shows a 15 percent jump in fatalities over just three days, coupled with scientists concerned that the black death has reached a “crisis” point Ten other African countries have also been placed on high alert, warning that an outbreak could occur at any time
"On what level could torture ever be acceptable? We should make a stand on this
To be sure, the Left's attacks on the David Horowitz Freedom Center continue unabated: just recently a hit piece in the Washington Post smeared a stand-up noble gentleman like Florida Gubernatorial Candidate Republican Ron DeSantis, libeling David Horowitz in the process The article stated falsely and maliciously that Horowitz's Restoration Weekend, that DeSantis had attended, was somehow “a racially charged event” -- a vicious lie that Frontpage has exposed and for which the Washington Post is still to apologize and issue a retraction
The Daily Mail report continued: Soros, for his part, compared Orbán unfavourably to both the Nazis and the Communists, saying his rule evoked dark tones from the 1930's, when Hungary was allied with Nazi Germany
And pray for yourselves and your families We must all work daily on our own personal holiness and hold ourselves accountable first and, in turn, hold our brothers and sisters accountable as well, and
According to Carlson, the owner of the tape maintains that law enforcement investigators have never asked to see the footage A preliminary report on the shooting released by the LVMPD on Friday only lists seven victims as being “placed” outside of the venue, two of which were over a half mile away
That said, on average the disease kills around half of those who contract it Ebola, a haemorrhagic fever, killed at least 11,000 across the world after it decimated West Africa and spread rapidly over the space of two years
The children wore dirty rags for clothing with no shoes, and were surrounded by weapons and rounds of ammunition, authorities said "It was the saddest living conditions and poverty I have seen," Hogrefe said
Rather, it is an ideological movement dedicated to the face-saving defense of a catastrophic failure in ecclesial innovation that has corrupted the human element of the Church in practically every department For people like Faggioli, indeed for the tradition-hating Pope they blindly defend, the one thing to be feared is that more and more faithful will recognize the neo-Catholic polemic for what it is—a fraud—and begin demanding a return of everything the regime of novelty has stolen from the life of the Church
But recent abuse-related scandals, from Chile to Australia, have reopened wounding questions about accountability and whether church officials are still covering up crimes at the highest levels The new wave of allegations has called Pope Francis’s handling of abuse into question as many Catholics look to him to help the church regain its credibility
Those surveyed said by 40 percent to 31 percent that the Senate shouldn't vote to approve his nomination, the first time a plurality of Americans have opposed a Supreme Court nominee since polling on the issue began The case against confirming Kavanaugh may be somewhere between weak and non-existent, but the constant repetition of the unsupported allegations in the Trump-hating media is clearly taking its toll on the nominee
As reported by CNN, Speaking to Today, Clinton defended his decision to remain in office following the scandal “A lot of the facts have been conveniently omitted to make the story work, I think partly because they’re frustrated that they got all these serious allegations against the current occupant of the Oval Office and his voters don’t seem to care,” Clinton said, pointing to a series of sexual misconduct allegations against current President Donald Trump, who has denied them
'” Smith explains that most of Gillum’s campaign promises could never be implemented, and that the Gillum campaign knows this:
Desperate Feinstein Pushes 30-Year-Old Claim About Sexual Misconduct Of Kavanaugh It's incredible the amount of hypocrisy Senator Dianne Feinstein puts on display for the American people to see, and yet, the people in her state continue to put her in office
Tell that to the four cardinals, the 800,000 faithful, the 45 theologians and the 61 other original signers of the correctio, all of whom you insult with your superficial and I must say entirely sophistical attempt to explain away what Francis is clearly doing Irony of ironies, the latter-day Pharisees and legalists Francis sees around every corner are hard at work defending Amoris Laetitia at the very moment it is being cited by bishop after bishop as their sole authority for admitting public adulterers to Holy Communion---while Francis does nothing but approve
It doesn’t admit that there is a war going on, and treats each act of Islamic terror as if it were a separate and discrete criminal event, unrelated to all the others So each time something like this happens, they’re back at Square One, trying to figure out motive
Cardinal Marx and also Bishop Bode have now opened up to the idea to offer homosexual couples a blessing Why not, one could say, since the Church is ready to bless nearly everything on the earth?
People who hate freedom will get unfettered access to the minds of 2 billion people That should scare the crap out of you
Following is a transcript: Jihad Al-‘Ayesh: “Some people have shown up with a new fashion We used to think that fashion has to do with haircuts, clothes, or lifestyle, but the vogue today is to sympathize with the Jews and to shed crocodile tears about their sorrows, their heresy, and their historical lies
She also says that the company—and herself in particular—will redouble efforts in the future to get a different and more desired result in future elections “I’m in shock and it hurts more than I could have ever imagined, but trying to stay optimistic and keep my head high,” Murillo wrote
“I’m not sure what his words will be and I’m not sure that a simple apology is what survivors of abuse want,” Martin said in a BBC interview “If he expresses an apology, it needs to be more than ‘we’re sorry,’” he added
This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further Bon Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to [sic] USA!” Trump wrote
It is a month for fighting the enemies of Allah and God’s messenger, the Jews and their American facilitators ” Referring to a jihad attack that happened at that time, the message continued: “One of our groups aided by Allah managed to bomb a bus full of Jewish tourists, plunderers of holy lands, after careful tracking
I repeated them to Cardinal McCarrick at my first meeting with him at the Nunciature The Cardinal, muttering in a barely comprehensible way, admitted that he had perhaps made the mistake of sleeping in the same bed with some seminarians at his beach house, but he said this as if it had no importance
If the Saudi experience in Yemen is to teach us anything, it is that any military plan designed to confront nations such as North Korea, Iran and Russia that are armed with sophisticated mobile ballistic missiles had better count on those capabilities remaining intact throughout any anticipated period of hostility No amount of chest-thumping and empty rhetoric by American political and/or military leaders can offset this harsh reality
” This student, who is known to me but whom I cannot name because she is a minor, has given students our address and is encouraging them to come to my home over this whole thing Another student told my daughter that she and the first student and her adult friends are going to kill me and carve a satanic star in my chest and rip out my organs
In February 2016, Zakkout publicized on his Facebook page a bizarre Duke report, titled in part ‘Dr David Duke Exposes the Real Racist Jewish Supremacists Who Orchestrate the Destruction of European Mankind…’ Above the posting, Zakkout wrote of Duke, “I respect him for his honesty!”
They need to fear Him more than they do the Islamic terrorists and rape gangs Then, and only then, will they render justice for the Muslim criminals, rid their land of such public idolatry and protect the people like Tommy Robinson who rightly tell the truth
Even now, u r willing to say my son is lying and have me continue to leak more text and info just so others will believe him — Karen Monahan (@KarenMonahan01) August 12, 2018 What's amazing is that Democrats cover for their own, ignoring the obvious hypocrisy they demonstrate when they opponents are accused of such things
” God’s inexhaustible mercy, indeed Wills’ peaceful fantasy Qur’an raises one massive question that the author does not and cannot answer: if the Islamic holy book is really as peaceful and benign as Garry Wills makes it out to be, why do so very many Muslims worldwide misunderstand it?
The Church, the depositary of the blessing of the New Covenant, signed in the blood of the Lamb, is holy but made up of sinners, as Saint Ambrose wrote: the Church is “immaculata ex maculatis,” she is holy and spotless even though, in her earthly journey, she is made up of men stained with sin I want to recall this indefectible truth of the Church’s holiness to the many people who have been so deeply scandalized by the abominable and sacrilegious behavior of the former Archbishop of Washington, Theodore McCarrick; by the grave, disconcerting and sinful conduct of Pope Francis and by the conspiracy of silence of so many pastors, and who are tempted to abandon the Church, disfigured by so many ignominies
“I understand how the enemies have plotted against the Iranian people and I would like to stay alongside you to stop their plots,” he said He also blasted American support for Saudi Arabia, Iran’s arch-rival in the region, and added, “Satan seeks to divide Muslims and wants them to kill each other, while God tells us in the Quran to be united
“From day one this case was used as a means to foment hate, to foment division and to foment a program of mass deportation,” added defense attorney Francisco Ugarte “It was used to catapult a presidency along that philosophy of hate of others
We won’t be seeing anything near the same bravado with people scaling up and over this one Not with the changes they’ve made in response to the border-crashers that pushed their way into Mexico
00 (as of 08:50 EDT - Details) Since Y2K, hundreds of thousands in the Middle East have perished, the ancient Christian community has all but ceased to exist, and the refugees now number in the millions
Now, even if police would try to search the killer cop’s apartment, it’s too late On Sunday, apartment staff notified residents in an email that Guyger “has vacated her apartment and no longer resides at our community
06 Buy New $8 93 (as of 01:15 EDT - Details) She describes this assistance as a “silent donation” Mario then says that Google helped Voto Latino create ad campaigns to promote those rides
Bill Clinton insists he doesn't owe Monica Lewinsky an apology Former President Bill Clinton insisted in a weekend interview that he doesn't owe a personal apology to Monica Lewinsky, the former White House intern whose adult life has been defined by their inappropriate sexual affair and the global scrutiny that followed
I am told from contacts inside the Vatican that after the trip to Chile Bergoglio’s support has completely dried up He has no more resources of trust even among the people he has chosen to surround himself with and after the reports of Cardinal Sandri going toe-to-toe with him in a shouting match, it seems that perhaps even his legendary vicious temper tantrums are failing to have the desired effect of terrorising his subordinates into submission
Pneumonic plague is the most life-threatening form of the infection caused by the manifestation of a Yersinia pestis bacterial infection Although the black plague can be treated effectively with antibiotics, the incubation time of this bacteria is incredibly short
They will be crucified in the media, yes But they will also be doing their sacred duty before God in reassuring their thoroughly scandalized flocks that they are absolutely committed to the defense and enforcement of the Church’s moral teaching at a time when it is under scurrilous attack from within
He is the second suspect in the #LasVegasShooting This is starting to look more and more like a gun running operation gone wrong every day
Friends, let us pray for Archbishop Viganò He is standing alone now, and not only against the most dangerous pontificate in history, but also the forces of hell itself—forces which will do all in their power to silence this voice crying in the wilderness
First of all, as I predicted 16 years ago, because the Vatican under John Paul II had no intention of enforcing the pre-conciliar ban on admission of homosexuals to the seminary “a new bumper crop of homosexual ordinands is guaranteed—and with it a new harvest of scandal for the Church ” That prediction came immediately after the “pedophile summit” of 2002 in Rome, which I attended as The Remnant’s correspondent
For more on Farrakhan, check out his profile here at Discover the Networks, the Horowitz Freedom Center's resource site of the left Farrakhan Speech: 'Jews Are My Enemy,' 'White Folks Are Going Down'
The Hammonds are devoted family men, respected contributors to their local community, and have widespread support from their neighbors, local law enforcement, and farmers and ranchers across the West Justice is overdue for Dwight and Steven Hammond, both of whom are entirely deserving of these Grants of Executive Clemency
[Judge Orders Potential Release Of Hundreds Of Illegals From Iraq, by Stephen Dinan, Washington Times, January 3, 2018] He is ordering the release of hundreds of Iraqi illegal aliens and criminal aliens, all because he wants them to have another bite at the apple--they, like the Indonesians, lost claims to political asylum years ago
Instead he predicted he could "solve a big problem, a big dilemma" alongside his new partner "Working together, we'll get it taken care of," Trump said
And if the episcopal retort is going to be that this acceptance refers only to chaste homosexuals, then we call FOUL even louder since this crosses the line into willful deception We're all sinners, of course--- and the Church already accepts repentant homosexuals as they are, just as she accepts repentant practitioners of ANY sins of the flesh
The election is over and hardworking Georgians are ready to move forward We can no longer dwell on the divisive politics of the past but must focus on Georgia’s bright and promising future
It should be stated that TFTP never hid the fact that we worked with other independent media groups to share our information around the web — this is the very definition of grassroots But all of us together certainly posed a threat to the mainstream so this nonsense about tricking people was brought into play
It’s not coming back Unlike the Bourbons after the Revolution and the Terror, after Napoleon and the Empire, no restoration is in the cards
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Note the claims – utterly disingenuous, as it turns out – that the labeling of certain people or groups as “violent extremists” is entirely due to their own behavior; in other words, don’t worry, folks, it’s all scientifically objective
” Cardinal Müller: Blessing homosexual couples would be an ‘atrocity’
Immediately after the encounter, Dennis Rodman -- one of the only Americans to have met Kim -- was openly weeping while being interviewed by CNN's Chris Cuomo Even Kim seemed to acknowledge the surreality of the day
 Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) attacked Democrats, blaming them for the “circus atmosphere that has been created” since they first Ford's allegations to the media “two weeks ago, after sitting on them for six weeks ” This “has brought us the worst in our politics
On the one hand, this “focus” is vague to the point of being meaningless and completely incapacitates us On the other hand, this focus allows the administration to perpetuate the destructive fantasy that there are other types of “extremists” — who just happen to be the Left’s political opponents — that pose a great threat to the country
And yes, I call it the cut-of-his-jib test quite deliberately It's no surprise that someone who hires based on what he thinks someone doing that job should look like, which seems to be based on hazy old-time Hollywood casting, would wind up with fewer women in his administration than any of his recent predecessors
” For too long we have diminished the reality of sin — we have refused to call a sin a sin — and we have excused sin in the name of a mistaken notion of mercy
” What are these people smoking?
Waters went on “And why are Muslims allowed to cover their faces with a black sack while the rest of us are subject to strict security?
This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further Bon Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to [sic] USA!” Trump wrote
“New Horizons has long been a mission of firsts — first to explore Pluto, first to explore the Kuiper Belt, fastest spacecraft ever launched,” New Horizons Principal Investigator Alan Stern, of the Southwest Research Institute in Boulder, Colorado, notes in a statement “And now, we’ve been able to make images farther from Earth than any spacecraft in history
With St  John Paul II’s 1995 visit, he was remembered for “bringing a saint to Newark,” not as an abuser of seminarians, minors or priests
Police shot him in the leg, ruled out terrorism and blamed mental illness In December of last year, Saleh Ali, a Syrian refugee wearing a keffiyah and waving a terrorist PLO flag, went up to a Jewish restaurant in Amsterdam, shouted “Allahu Akbar” and began smashing the windows
Now how does Farage propose to do that? His warning against making the resistance to jihad a “battle between us and the entire religion” is odd
Trump Effect: Islamic Republic Ceases Naval Provocations in Arabian Gulf Yesterday’s State of the Union address issued by Donald Trump represented a refreshing break from the eight years of pusillanimous foreign policies pursued by past administration
John Calvin said, “Whomsoever the Lord has adopted and deemed worthy of His fellowship ought to prepare themselves for a hard, toilsome and unquiet life, crammed with very many and various kinds of evil ” And of course to the counterfeit's this is foreign
“The President of the United States just called on his Attorney General to put an end to an investigation in which the President, his family and campaign may be implicated,” Schiff tweeted “This is an attempt to obstruct justice hiding in plain sight
[3] Otherwise known as the “Permanent Instruction of the Alta Vendita,” a secret document written in the early 19th Century that mapped out a blueprint for the subversion of the Catholic Church The Alta Vendita was the highest lodge of the Carbonari, an Italian secret society with links to Freemasonry and which, along with Freemasonry, was condemned by the Popes
The United States Secretary of State agrees with Israel that all Palestinians must be destroyed, the sooner the better The Chinese are busy taking advantage of the financial opportunities that the idiot Americans forfeit, but otherwise do not seem to have any strategic sense of how to proceed in the drama unfolding in front of their eyes
According to the Vatican, the chosen topic of the 2018 Synod, is an “expression of the Church’s pastoral concern for the young,” and is in continuity with the findings of the two-fold synod on the family and Francis’s post-synodal document Amoris Laetitia We’ve caught on to his sneaky synodal tactics
He was their inside boy, after all But the real irony here is that the media labeled Paul Joseph Watson and Infowars as "conspiracy theorists" and yet, PJW has exposed their blatant conspiracy to smear President Trump, Sarah Sanders and the White House aide
S  custody during the last decade was one of the darkest chapters in American history
“Demeaning” the importance of doctrine Appointing bishops who “scandalize” believers with dubious “teaching and pastoral practice
S  officials and reporting them as proven fact — and nothing exemplifies this penchant better than reporting on the Gulf of Tonkin incident — perhaps one of most flagrant lies ever dreamed up as a justification for war
In West Virginia, it gets even worse Rich Penkoski has alerted me to the latest development in the forced Islamization of his children’s school curriculum: after the Daily Caller and Geller Report exposed what was happening, Mountain Ridge administrators and teachers began messaging parents who were sharing the story, asking them to remove their posts
'” Smith explains that most of Gillum’s campaign promises could never be implemented, and that the Gillum campaign knows this:
Furthermore, I said to this woman that this is how you can tell who the genuine Christians are that are in the fight and those who are counterfeits When the church and the world can jog comfortably along together, you can be sure something is wrong
Trump Orders Declassification Of ‘Russian Probe’ Documents, Including Texts President Donald Trump ordered the feds to declassify documents relating the Russian election meddling investigation yesterday
In a response to the verdict, Attorney General Jeff Sessions released a statement saying that despite California’s attempt at a murder conviction, Zarate was able to walk away with only a firearm possession conviction because he was not turned over by San Francisco to ICE “When jurisdictions choose to return criminal aliens to the streets rather than turning them over to federal immigration authorities, they put the public’s safety at risk,” the statement said
We suspect it will not be long before President Trump has something to say about this verdict Trump Slams “Disgraceful Verdict” After San Francisco Jury Acquits “Kate’s Law”-Victim’s Killer
Thank you Prime Minister Orban for saying what needed to be said! Hungarian Prime Minister Hits Nail On The Head: Refugees Are Actually "Muslim Invaders"
What Trump has done with his announcement is send a clear message to the CIA: “Give me what I want and I’ll give you want you want Otherwise, I will let all your cherished long-secret records relating to the JFK assassination be shown to the American people
co/Q2JCExqYaA — Cory Booker (@CoryBooker) March 22, 2019 The American people deserve to know the full truth about Russia’s interference in our democracy
The Russians, the Chinese, the Iranians, and the North Koreans, as well as the rest of the world, desperately need to notice the extremely hostile reaction to peace on the part of the US Democratic Party, many members of the Republican Party, including the despicable US Republican Senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham, and the Western Presstitute Media, a collection of people on the CIA payroll according to the German newspaper editor, Udo Ulfkotte, and the CIA itself Nancy Pelosi, Chuck Schumer, John McCain, Lindsey Graham, and the rest of the corrupt filth that rules over us are all in the pay of the military/security complex
57) We are under the impression that you do not take your brother Bishop Nona Amel, Chaldean-Catholic Archbishop of Mosul in exile, seriously, when he tells us: “Our present sufferings are the prelude to those that you, Europeans and Western Christians, will suffer in the near future
To be clear, the Democratic Minority Leader of the US House of Representatives has accused Donald Trump of high treason against the United States There is no outcry against this blatantly false accusation, totally devoid of evidence
‘Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now,’ the president tweeted ‘Bob Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 Angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to USA!’
Now, that would be something to really look into, but not with the corrupt DOJ and FBI we currently have Of course, if they did, then someone might actually have to act on something that actually was a crime
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use This has nothing to do with medicine or health, and far from stupid people running for Congress who spray themselves with pepper spray to tell you how it will be effective to protect your children against a criminal armed with a gun, these people don't used the word "epidemic" in their diatribe, though they are on record saying gun violence is a public health crisis
So, I have confidence It is impossible for the Church to change its tradition
So Trump’s solution was more show-biz A much ballyhooed flight to Singapore, backslapping a delighted Kim, and a love-fest between the two chunky leaders was sold to Americans as the dawn of peace
Yet, they fail to confront the issues that needed to be confronted The reason they don't is because they are guilty of what they fail to confront!
He has publicly told the Muslim invaders to leave Hungary and never come back He has rebuffed Brussels, which is largely Islamic, and told them that Hungary would defend its borders, and it has
Thus, the publisher itself carefully distinguished the authentic prophecies of Saint Francis from what might be apocryphal Moreover, in 1882 there could hardly have been any “radical traditionalist” motive to circulate phony quotations of the saint
 Haspel’s record as well as her beliefs about torture and her approach to current law In the aftermath of the September 11th attacks, our government squandered precious moral authority in a futile effort to produce intelligence by means of torture
Not So Fast It’s got to be either one of the stupidest acts that I can recall or a very wicked plan by Washington neocons to sabotage Korean peace talks
"However, don’t be fooled," Intellihub writes "Haig is likely a CIA cut-out who is just upholding the public narrative in conjunction with the FBI Las Vegas and the LVMPD
2% Simply put, the 21st century has not been good for non-Hispanic job seekers
 territories, the islands’ health care system was suffering from the ongoing economic crisis The islands are grappling with physician shortages, Medicaid programs facing an impending funding cliff, and widespread disparities in Federal health programs—and that was before hurricane season,” the lawmakers stated in a letter
The bubonic plague outbreak that is taking Madagascar to its knees will more than likely last another six months But the worst news is that the epidemic could explode anytime unleashing the sickness on the globe
And Satan is going down And Farrakhan, by God’s grace, has pulled a cover off of that Satanic Jew, and I’m here to say your time is up, your world is through
Meanwhile, it would be dangerous, suicidal folly for Infidels to pretend that Ramadan is not the month of jihad And as our Ramadan willful blindness continues, more Infidels will die
Depending on an alien’s criminality, an alien who re-enters the United States after having been previously deported commits a felony punishable by up to 20 years in federal prison, if convicted “Our dedicated officers strive to make our communities safer by arresting convicted criminal aliens and removing them from the United States despite the reckless sanctuary policies that are currently in place in Cook County that put our communities at risk,” said Ricardo Wong, field office director of ERO Chicago
As many as 50 aid workers are believed to have been among the 1,200 people infected with the more dangerous airborne pneumonic strain of the disease Officials Warn: Airborne Black Death Epidemic Could ‘Explode’
Ladies, you demand to be believed, no matter what Well, when every time there's a man that you don't like running for public office or being nominated for a position, some woman crawls out from a line of protesters and makes an ambiguous-at-best claim about unwanted sexual advances, it becomes increasingly difficult to take you seriously
I had been taught, by both word and implication, that everything the Catholic Church had taught before Vatican II was pernicious nonsense Where it was simply wrong it was ridiculous and where it was wrong and political it was outright wicked
Except whenever he pleases, as we have seen again and again with the conservative bishops and even Cardinals (Burke and Müller) he has sacked because their conservatism offended him or one of his friends, prompting even Crux to ask: “Does Pope Francis have an enemies list?” Then again, Francis even obtained the removal of his own “trusted counselor” McCarrick from the College of Cardinals, albeit only when forced to act due to worldwide condemnation in the media So, according to Faggioli, the same Pope who sacks conservative bishops and cardinals according to his pleasure and has just removed a cardinal from the College of Cardinals in an unprecedented disciplinary act under fire from the media, is somehow powerless to dismiss Modernist bishops who have created an obscene “gay culture” in the Church and replace them with orthodox, normal heterosexual males
Now, he’s the National Security Advisor It just so happens that at least one of these calls for regime change in Iran was caught on video last year as Bolton gave a speech at the Grand Gathering of Iranians for Free Iran
We therefore instinctively see lying as a betrayal of trust Considering how much trust the Catholic faithful had in the papacy until about 1965, how much un-earned trust Francis started with just by being elected, this pontificate should be remembered as one of the great confidence scams in history
Nope, you can't, and you can't expect it when some of those writers write for other publications that don't measure up to NewsGuard's standards either The reason this little incident shouldn't be let go of so soon is that it is one of the clearest demonstrations of the media's bias, which we all have, lies and propaganda
How often I see and hear the professors of Christianity today walking contrary to the word and spirit of the Living Christ (2 Corinthians 3:6) How willing they are to overlook judgment when it comes to the criminals that run rampant in this country, and on the other hand how willing they are to show compassion to the criminals while overlooking the victims
We can only hope that no one dies because of her folly “Breaking: Judge makes stunning decision in Muslim compound case after charges of racism,” by Carlos Garcia, The Blaze, August 13, 2018 (thanks to Robert): In a hearing Monday, a New Mexico judge found that suspects in a bizarre child abuse case were not a danger to the public, and released them on bond
2 million doses of antibiotics to fight the disease while the Red Cross has been training hundreds of volunteers on the island to publicize preventative measures Deadly Plague Could MUTATE And Become Untreatable As It Spreads Globally
What Happens After Islamic Conquest? Constantinople fell to the warriors of jihad on May 29, 1453
The complex and its political and media agents will not permit Trump to normalize relations with Russia To prevent President Trump from reducing the dangerous tensions between nuclear powers that Washington has created, the military/security complex orchestrated Russiagate, a proven hoax, but believed by many due to its endless repetition
This is just a deep state coo attempt (Mueller) to stop the will of We the People!!! It's time to jail Mueller and cancel this witch hunt!!!
However, this hasn’t prevented him from becoming the only Republican to speak out against the real reasons he should not be appointed to Supreme Court “Privacy advocates must fight,” Amash tweeted
It did what it is designed to do UPDATE: Excellent background from investigative journalist Gareth Porter, published shortly before Harding’s story, explains why the Guardian’s hit-piece is so important for those who want Assange out of the embassy and behind bars
"We were comfortable because the cap on Iran’s low-enriched uranium stockpile remains in place until 2030,” Kerry wrote in an article published in the Washington Post late last month In other words, let’s just kick the can down the road and hope for a more reasonable Iranian regime in 13 years that would agree to extend the time limits
Indoctrination means to teach a person to accept a belief uncritically It’s the very reason the governments of the world still exist
 were an ‘Israeli’-Jewish job ” The website which published the report and which Zakkout linked to is Mouqawamah Music, a site that openly calls for “Death to Israel” and labels the Jewish religion “wicked and filth-ridden
Campus BDS groups held several meetings to formulate a response and founded the so-called “Democratize SSMU” movement But Democratize SSMU was anything but democratic
In the court documents, authorities said a foster parent of one of the 11 children removed from the compound had told authorities the child had been trained to use an assault rifle in preparation for a school shooting Taos County Sheriff Jerry Hogrefe previously said adults at the compound were "considered extremist of the Muslim belief
“For the sake of money they would have done anything,” Gilani’s cousin, Syed Ahmed, told the Daily Mail “There are possibilities that [Imran] or them might have been selling [House] information,” he added
In a separate text message to Page, Strzok wrote something cryptic about an “insurance policy” in case Donald Trump got elected Apparently, he was referring to the salacious, unverified dossier Hillary Clinton and the DNC paid rent-a-spy Christopher Steele to compile that purports to show Trump’s nefarious links to Russia
Indeed, according to eyewitnesses, one of the members of the mob that removed the three directors was Igor Sadikov You will remember Sadikov as the student politician who in February told his followers to “punch a Zionist today
It will do you all good, really In other words, as Bergoglio cannot deny the allegations without lying, he will say nothing at all about them in the hope they will go away—with the help of sycophants in the Vatican press corps and shifty polemicists like Shea, who expects his readers to swallow his explanation that Bergoglio’s refusal to say anything in his defense when asked point blank about the charges against him “seems to me to obviously be the reply of somebody who believes the accusations are groundless…”
Pope John Paul certainly didn't accept that In his 2005 book Memory and Identity, John Paul referred to homosexuality as an “ideology of evil,” insisting of so-called 'gay marriage' that:
'" "We are not a people that should be so fearful or vengeful that we think that torture is somehow acceptable," he added
” So, as Fastiggi and Goldstein would have it, all the tumult triggered by AL is just a misunderstanding caused by uninformed people who haven’t consulted the Latin text—including those ignorant Vatican translators
JP: Everything comes down to the relationship with the United States Australia has an almost totally servile relationship with America, in which its national security structure, much of its academic life and certainly much of its media is integrated into the US system
” The Iranian regime has also attempted to skirt the restrictions in the JCPOA on its procurement of materials, equipment, goods and technology related to Iran’s nuclear activities The Heritage Foundation noted in its recent report on the JCPOA, for example, that Iran was “caught red-handed trying to purchase nuclear technology and restricted ballistic missile technology from German companies
Such a shift could potentially facilitate the achievement of Trump’s goals of preventing Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons, containing its regional aggression and empowerment and defeating its terrorist proxies Unfortunately, it is also likely, indeed, it is more likely, that his words will not be translated into policies to achieve these critical aims
With one or two noble (however inconsistent) exceptions, their response to the Bergoglian Debacle thus far ranges from silence, to active complicity, to—at best—hand-wringing over the increasingly chaotic state of the Church while begging the Pope to “clarify” his already perfectly clear intentions At this point, continued pleading for a Bergoglian “clarification” can only give rise to an impression of disingenuousness, whereas continued silence about the papal origin of this ongoing catastrophe is a standing rebuke to all the hierarchs who know what we all know: that at the epicenter of the chaos is the most wayward Pope the Church has ever had to endure
It’s a stealth coup Sessions is a weak sister
” It is still “appointed for men once to die, and after this the judgment” (Heb 9: 22,27), but now with the possibility of eternal bliss in heaven
And, just for good measure he accused the people accusing him – victims of sexual abuse by Barros’ mentor, the convicted sex-predator Karadima – of committing “calumny”? [1] And remember when Cardinal O’Malley told the pope off in public over the “pain” these accusations had caused the victims of sexual abuse?
” Well, actually, your holiness, yes it is, particularly in the case of priests The “tendency” is called in the same catechism you quote “intrinsically disordered” and Ratzinger was very clear that this “tendency” is a sign of a serious emotional dysfunction that “must” preclude a man from being ordained
The letter, which is an attempt to usurp the powers vested in the president, asks the three agencies to defy the presidential directive "Your agencies' review, and any communication with the White House on the substance of the material, should not proceed further until you have briefed the Gang of Eight in person
Last January, parents filed a federal complaint against Chatham Middle School in Chatham, New Jersey, for forcing students to watch videos that proselytized for Islam One video, according to the complaint, describes “Christians and Jews as ‘infidels’ and prais[es] Muhammad in gruesome detail for slaughtering them
NEW: The honesty of Gillum's campaign staff on undercover video is refreshing, especially when it comes to who the real Andrew Gillum is While trying to appear as a moderate, "Gillum is a Progressive" and "He is a part of the crazy, crazy, crazies
” And it gets even worse: “The investigation, published Wednesday by the House Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, further discloses secret efforts by top Obama administration officials to assure European countries they would receive a pass from U
They are hardly quiet about it Coincidentally, MEK was classified as a terrorist organization by the United States and its allies—during this training period—until none other than Hillary Clinton suddenly removed them from the list in 2012
During the event, Patel’s performance featured commentary on his experience living in a diverse area of New York City—including a joke about a gay, black man in his neighborhood—which AAA officials deemed inappropriate Patel joked that being gay cannot be a choice because “no one looks in the mirror and thinks, ‘this black thing is too easy, let me just add another thing to it
The Guardian, reputedly once a great liberal newspaper, conducted a vendetta against Julian Assange Like a spurned lover, the Guardian aimed its personal, petty, inhuman and craven attacks at a man whose work it once published and profited from
And at a later date, he assured us that that had been done ” Juan Carlos Cruz, the Karadima victim whose membership on the Commission the Vatican had blocked, told AP, “Cardinal O’Malley called me after the pope’s visit here in Philadelphia and he told me, among other things, that he had given the letter to the pope – in his hands
Indeed, we have reached the precipice of corporate-state censorship Those who have constantly demanded that tech giants silence their critics and information that ‘offends’ them are finally seeing the inevitable results of such irresponsible acts
Why? Because Bolton, as an arch neocon, was fanatically pro-Israel and feared that North Korea might provide nuclear technology to Israel’s foes
It was also clear that, from the time of Pope Francis’s election, McCarrick, now free from all constraints, had felt free to travel continuously, to give lectures and interviews… He [Bergoglio] knew from at least June 23, 2013 [the date of the audience with Viganò] that McCarrick was a serial predator
Really? Whatever definition that one might put on that nebulous term, no reasonable person can honestly believe that the release of 50-year-old records are going to result in the United States falling into the ocean or even that the communists are going to take over the federal government
First They Came for Alex Jones — We Told You We Were Next — We Were October 11, 2018, will be remembered in history as the day the tech giants attempted to wipe out independent, liberty-minded, antiwar media from the airwaves
" Yeah, well, that's about as trustworthy as the FBI in this matter
Hitler embodies one type of modern Western annihilation When the Americans occupied the republics of the Indians, they annihilated millions of human beings
We are almost foreigners in our own lands And if we complain about it, they call us racists and Islamophobes
After the Parkland school shooting, had Donald Trump simply used his bully pulpit to promote arming teachers and school employees as a deterrent and defense against these school shootings without calling for more gun control, it would have been a HUGE boost for the Second Amendment in general and school safety in particular Instead, Trump fell in with anti-Second Amendment liberals and started calling for more gun control, adding “mental health” restrictions to gun purchases and making his stupid Stalinist statements about taking guns first and worrying about due process later
The Republican Jewish Coalition has already called on the seven other Democrats to resign over their ties to Farrakhan Obviously not going to happen
The police harassed the 19 would-be victims, including the five elderly brothers and even their lawyer, and charged them with “frivolous” cases, apparently to get them to stop trying to get the money they say they were owed, the paper said “Mohammad Abid, a victim of [Ashraf] Awan’s alleged high-profile swindling, said that [Ashraf] Awan’s son had easy access to the corridors of power and that’s why he was able to [pressure] the police to dance to his tunes,” Dawn reported
My own bishop in Victoria, the occultist Remi de Roo, Seattle’s Raymond Hunthausen, Miami’s Favalora, Rochester’s Matthew Clark, Derek Worlock of Liverpool… I sometimes wonder how long that list is going to be when this is all over For fifty years Catholics have wanted to know why nothing was ever done, as these wolves in the episcopate were allowed, year after year to continue attacking the Church
The neoconservatives, who have controlled US foreign policy since the Clinton regime, are unwilling to accept limitations by any other country on Washington’s ability to act unilaterally When Putin blocked the Obama regime’s invasion of Syria and bombing of Iran, the neoconservatives paid Putin back by using NGOs and Ukranian politicians financed by Washington to overthrow the democratically elected government of Ukraine and to put in office a government hostile to Russia
If you don’t recognize the reality, nature, and magnitude of the jihad threat, you may well end up abetting the jihad Sinema is proof: the Left hates America, and considers “right-wing extremists,” a term all too often applied to American patriots, far more of a threat than jihad terrorists
Can the Church Defend Herself Against Bergoglio? Fisher is rightly incensed by Bergoglio’s cunning response, “I will not say a single word on this , ” concerning Archbishop Viganò’s damning indictment of Bergoglio’s rehabilitation of the monster once known as Cardinal McCarrick for some five years before adverse worldwide press coverage forced to him to punish that serial homosexual rapist of whose crimes Viganò had personally informed him back in 2013—information of which Bergoglio was clearly already aware at that time, as Viganò testifies
His warning against making the resistance to jihad a “battle between us and the entire religion” is odd No sane person is saying that the West should go to war with the entire Islamic world
The Hammond Pardons Bring Justice to Obama's Victims The media very deliberately misreported the Bundy standoff, ridiculing the men involved and shrugging at the murder of LaVoy Finicum
Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller FBI: Muslim Teen From NM Islamic Compound Trained For Jihad: "Raise An Army" "Killing Non-Believers On Behalf Of Allah"
There Were “Active Shooters On The Runway” Bombshell Air Traffic Control Audio From The Night Of The Las Vegas Massacre Reveals In yet another striking example of a widespread cover-up currently underway regarding the worst mass shooting in American history, new air traffic control audio has been released that details the fact that there were multiple active shooters on the airports property which is extremely close to the venue where at least part of the attack took place
We talked about his famous victory — in the 1980s when, as a young barrister, he had fought the British Government’s attempts to suppress free speech and prevent the publication of the book Spycatcher — in its way, a WikiLeaks of the time, for it revealed the crimes of state power The prime minister of Australia was then Julia Gillard, a Labor Party politician who had declared WikiLeaks “illegal” and wanted to cancel Assange’s passport — until she was told she could not do this: that Assange had committed no crime: that WikiLeaks was a publisher, whose work was protected under Article 19 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, to which Australia was one of the original signatories
”) The length of the Mueller-McGahn sessions led Trump to the conclusion the special counsel is “looking for trouble” because they “they know there is no Russian Collusion
This vast sum is drawn from US taxpayers who have many unmet needs To justify such an enormous budget a major enemy is required
Carlson pointed out how the neocons are hellbent on pushing the Trump administration into a new war “If there was ever a swamp in Washington you are looking at it — the foreign policy establishment — they are working overtime to ensnare the president in a mess in Iran,” Carlson said
"They don’t want a 'German life' in Germany in the sense that they are willing to accept German values," she added "Many, all too many, of them want to overwhelm German values, and European values in general, with sharia values
Watching the full exchange it is obvious that Trump was making a sincere effort to answer Acosta’s questions, the president actually took the time to answer three of his questions before losing his patients with an argumentative Acosta who refused to hand the mic over to the female intern forcefully pushing her arm away Acosta can deny how the altercation took place, but the video shows the facts, which are that Acosta was out of line
That, of course is not her role The only claim they have before a Federal court is if they got the due process that Congress gave those illegal aliens
Tom Dodge/The Columbus Dispatch via AP The officers were "true American heroes" and "were two of the best we had," Westerville Police Chief Joe Morbitzer said this weekend
Finally, the shocking surge in immigrant displacement of American workers and in the immigrant workforce, which began in January and completely undid the improvement we had begun hopefully to call the “Trump Effect” has stalled May job numbers released Friday show native-born Americans big winners and immigrants (legal and illegal, the Labor Department doesn’t distinguish) big losers
Madagascar Plague Outbreak Has Already Killed 57 And Infected Over 600 An outbreak of the plague in Madagascar is spreading at an unprecedented rate
S  Virgin Islands, but more can and should be done to help Americans impacted by these disasters
A report by a research team earlier this year found that Google can manipulate opinions of undecided voters by inserting negative search suggestions under the name of a candidate Meanwhile, Trump took to Twitter early Tuesday morning to note the Department of Justice’s inaction over the fact that disgraced anti-Trump FBI agent Peter Strzok and his mistress were engaged in a “media leak strategy” to plant negative stories which were then used to secure FISA warrants to spy on the Trump campaign
"The district court holds jurisdiction to review habeas [corpus] challenges to unlawful immigration detention," Saris wrote Writs of habeas corpus challenge illegal detention
All they have to do is delay the confirmation until after the election So, they dig up some Trump-hating woman from Kavanaugh’s past and convince her to say that he assaulted her thinking that such an allegation will surely delay the vote long enough for them to regain control of Congress
Those who led the protest were all acquitted of all charges and reporter Pete Santilli had all of his charges dismissed No doubt, Finicum would have been found not guilty as well, but that's not how tyrants work, is it?
“Well that was Eric Holder…” Adding, rather extraordinarily,
At this dire moment, we all need to amplify our voices in defense of free speech And we need to adamantly defend all the truth-tellers at the very moment they come under attack
This is a fact This public servant walked into an innocent man’s home and shot him dead
Defining the Wicked… Wicked men in the sight of God are those who have the knowledge of what to do when it comes to the right, but over and over again, they turn their shoulders and choose the wrong, through tolerance and apathy Americans are bringing upon themselves destruction (Deuteronomy 30:19) that will not be reversed, which leaves no alternative as to why God judges and is judging America today (Deuteronomy 28:63)
" What was even more amazing is that the audience laughed hysterically
” Trump alleged in a morning tweet series that the former FBI director is “Disgraced and discredited,” claiming his staff amounts to nothing more than a “group of Angry Democrat Thugs
Malcolm Turnbull can remain silent Or he can seize this opportunity and use his government’s diplomatic influence to defend the life of an Australian citizen, whose courageous public service is recognised by countless people across the world
And experts continue to fear the healthcare system is on the brink of being overwhelmed Should the disease actually spread to the African mainland, it will be all but impossible to control and the health care system would certainly be unable to handle the outbreak at that point, making a global pandemic much more likely
Jimenez also threw a soda in Richard’s face Richard’s hat appeared to be gone for good until the video of the incident went viral and he received a new MAGA hat signed by the president himself, reported The Daily Wire
Texas: Cop Walks Into Home She Thought Was Hers, Kills Innocent Homeowner—Not Arrested Dallas, TX — Highlighting the sheer insane state of law enforcement in America today is a tragic story out of Dallas this week
Smith says that “the rules in Florida are f***ed up” and that Florida is a “cracker state,” explaining that the Florida legislature has to become racially black for Gillum’s agenda to advance “Whip up” the poor into a “frenzy in order for them to vote
In July 2010, the Anti-Defamation League (ADL) condemned Zakkout and his group AMANA for featuring another anti-Semitic Duke video on the AMANA website The ADL described the video as “venomous
The radical Shiite Iranian regime purported to come to the “rescue” of both countries from the Sunni terrorists, turning Iraq into a virtual vassal state of the largest state sponsor of terrorism in the process Obama's disastrous nuclear deal with Iran legitimized Iran's path to eventually becoming a nuclear-armed state, while immediately filling its coffers with billions of dollars to fund its aggression
” It is to defend Islam that Western clerics do not raise their voice against such acts of brutality It is to pursue a fruitless and chimerical “dialogue” that bishops in the U
Dr  Epstein’s research found that when negative search terms are suggested for a candidate, it can have a dramatic effect on voter opinion
Meanwhile, Britain has a steadily lengthening record of admitting jihad preachers without a moment of hesitation Syed Muzaffar Shah Qadri’s preaching of hatred and jihad violence was so hardline that he was banned from preaching in Pakistan, but the UK Home Office welcomed him into Britain
” So seriously that J Street can't decide what to do about a politician who defends a Hitler-lover and raises the Jewish Question
Anti-fascism campaigners Hope Not Hate had campaigned for the pair to not be allowed into the UK A researcher with the organisation, Matthew Collins, said it was "delighted" with the decision
President Donald Trump has taken to Twitter in order to call upon Attorney General Jeff Sessions to end the investigation into his alleged Russian collusion Trump wants the Justice Department to “stop the rigged witch hunt” before it can “stain our country and further
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use And no call to restore the caliphate would be complete without a swipe at the Jews, whom the Qur’an designates (5:82) the worst enemies of the Muslims
That’s because he failed to conclude his article with one great big important point about former CIA Director Richard Helms What is that great big important point that Shapira, who, according to his tagline on his article, “enjoys writing about people who have served in the military and intelligence communities,” left out of his article?
That, of course is not her role The only claim they have before a Federal court is if they got the due process that Congress gave those illegal aliens
As with everyone else the moment of death ushers them either into heaven, hell or purgatory The most that can be said is that their lives here on earth are shortened, and they must settle their accounts sooner than expected
He therefore called for a prompt intervention by the Holy See In writing up a memo[1] on these documents that were entrusted to me, as Delegate for Pontifical Representations, on December 6, 2006, I wrote to my superiors, Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone and the Substitute Leonardo Sandri, that the facts attributed to McCarrick by Littleton were of such gravity and vileness as to provoke bewilderment, a sense of disgust, deep sorrow and bitterness in the reader, and that they constituted the crimes of seducing, requesting depraved acts of seminarians and priests, repeatedly and simultaneously with several people, derision of a young seminarian who tried to resist the Archbishop’s seductions in the presence of two other priests, absolution of the accomplices in these depraved acts, sacrilegious celebration of the Eucharist with the same priests after committing such acts
Why are children being mutilated and forcefully raped while the law looks the other way? Forcefully married, child married, while the law looks the other way?
Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer New Mexico Jihadis’ Defense Attorney: “If These Were White Christians…No One Would Bat An Eye”
During the Myers controversy, defenders of his appointment, including some figures named here, claimed that it was an issue of apolitical scholarship Is co-sponsoring events with a hate group that has sponsored talks by a woman who accused Jews of drinking blood also apolitical scholarship?
“Mohammad Abid, a victim of [Ashraf] Awan’s alleged high-profile swindling, said that [Ashraf] Awan’s son had easy access to the corridors of power and that’s why he was able to [pressure] the police to dance to his tunes,” Dawn reported The article details a series of people who say they were then subject to retaliation, including widow Bushra Bibi who said, “now Imran was threatening her with dire consequences
When we are in Church we know God is on the altar; the priest is between God and the people; and the people receive God at the hand of the priest That is hierarchy
The BBC broadcast was the drama based on real life, Three Girls, which showed real-life events of three of the (very many) victims of the Rochdale Muslim rape gangs Ganesh somehow knows precisely what went on in Osborne’s mind
He can’t; he has just explained all Qur’anic violence and intolerance away, leaving the manifest fact that all too many Muslims worldwide think that the Qur’an says exactly what he claims it does not say an unanswered conundrum Wills’ naïve, inaccurate, misleadingly sunny view of the Qur’an, of course, accords with that of his fellow Leftist Catholic, Pope Francis
Illegal aliens get only one hearing and one set of appeals to deportation They don't get another new and illegal set of hearings and appeals just because some minor kritarch wants something
We need to be told who this member of Congress is so that he can be removed from Congress immediately This kind of behavior is not acceptable for anyone in a civilized society – and that goes double for someone that is supposed to be one of the leaders of our nation
When Graham had his time to speak, he said what many of us thought should have been said After Kavanaugh unleashed his own refutation of the charges and blasted Democrats for their attacks on him, near the closing of the hearing, Graham finally said what everyone had been waiting on and said it with passion
“If BDS is not anti-Semitic, why did a BDS-led campaign name and shame me for my affiliation with a Jewish organization, and call on students to remove me from student government for this reason?” wrote Lew “If BDS is not anti-Semitic, why was I barred from participating in student government because of my Jewish identity?”
The remains were discovered in a wretched compound along with 11 starving children, authorities said More details about the horrid compound could be revealed Wednesday when the five adults arrested from the site make their first court appearances
DB: Randy Credico, because of his work and his decision to devote a very high-profile series to the persecution of Julian Assange, recently found himself under attack He went to the White House Press Roast and, after having a nice discussion with Congressman Schiff, he yelled out “What about Julian Assange?” The room was packed full of reporters but Randy was attacked and dragged out
It’s Airborne: Officials Warn That The “Black Death” Plague Could Spread Rapidly The fears that the “black death” would spread from Madagascar have now taken hold
It appears Rudy Giuliani wasn’t lying Just a few days after the former NYC mayor and latest member of President Trump’s unexpectedly let it slip that “we got a president who is tough, who does not listen to the people who are naysayers, and a president who is committed to regime change [in Iran]”, the Washington Free Beacon has obtained a three-page white paper being circulated among National Security Council officials with drafted plans to spark regime change in Iran, following the US exit from the Obama-era nuclear deal and the re-imposition of tough sanctions aimed at toppling the Iranian regime
88) and to Qur'anic Suras that mandate the Hijab for women (24:31; 33:59) and sanction sexual slavery (4:3; 33:50) One thing we know for sure is that, despite this lifting of Jamie’s ban, Facebook and the leftist totalitarians in other social media venues and in the culture at large will continue their unrelenting effort to suffocate dissent and conservative voices
PROOF: The LVMPD And FBI Failed To Catalog At Least One Deceased Las Vegas Massacre Victim As Death Toll Rises In what can only be described as gross negligence or a massive cover-up of the truth, the F
“Glazov’s advice also involves the promotion of supporting moderate Muslims – a move that is, clearly, horrifying to Facebook’s masters and therefore also violates their ‘community standards,'” the report said No doubt, Glazov’s consistent campaigning on behalf of Muslim women and girls in his efforts to protect them from FGM, honor killings and other Shariah barbarities, has gained him the anger and hatred of Facebook’s guardians — who are clearly on the side of the Shariah enforcers and oppressors of Muslim women and girls
Don Lemon Is Lying... Again: Biggest Threat Isn't "White Men" - The FBI's Most Wanted Domestic Terrorists Are These People “So, we have to stop demonizing people and realize the biggest terror threat in this country is white men, most of them radicalized to the right
I'm not for the government of Iran I despise Islam and I despise the ideology of Muhammad and his devout followers
“This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further Bob Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 Angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to USA!” Trump wrote
Furthermore, Orban has also called out the man behind the curtain in a lot of the promoting of this Muslim invasion of the West, George Soros Anti-jihadist activist Pamela Geller praised Orban for his honesty and wrote, "At last, a politician who speaks the truth about the Muslim invasion of Europe
” Acts 4:2-20 Or what of the account found in Acts 12:1-11, where the Lord sent an Angel to liberate Peter from the hands of tyrants
Many people were tortured and were starved to death there […] “The Jews were banished, tortured, and annihilated because of their deeds
Yesterday's New York Times recognized Trump's triumph: "Despite the fervor of President Trump's Republican opponents, the president's brand of hard-edged nationalism—with its gut-level cultural appeals and hard lines on trade and immigration—is taking root within his adopted party
” Mother Joy Ellis remarked: “This is a seventh grade state standard, and will be on the TCAP I didn’t have a problem with the history of Islam being taught, but to go so far as to make my child write the Shahada, is unacceptable
171 have died of the disease so far Black Death Warning: The Plague Is Impossible To Eradicate
” May’s government admitted two jihad preachers who had praised the murderer of a foe of Pakistan’s blasphemy laws
It's time for the #BDStears crowd to examine their entitlement and recognize that what's good for the goose is good for the gander Either that or they can go whine to the New York Times some more because the Jewish community won't let them burn crosses on their lawn
“The conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses is an important element in democratic society Those who manipulate this unseen mechanism of society constitute an invisible government which is the true ruling power of our country
The full extent of the clerical predation in the hierarchy will take years to uncover Until it has, this Synod must be cancelled while the civil authorities and law enforcement fully investigate the breadth and depth of the homosexual clerical predation
McGill’s BDS Action Network actively campaigned against Lew and two other board members because of their links to Jewish groups and anti-BDS stances Democratize SSMU shamefully highlighted Lew’s ethnicity as a reason for his removal
When Catholic society puts a man to death, it terminates only his temporal life on earth, catapulting him into eternity for his final judgment before almighty God Suffering the penalty not only allows the criminal to render expiation to God and to society, but if accepted in Christ’s grace with due repentance, it preserves his soul from hell and eliminates much of his purgatory
Well, I refused, because I refuse to contribute to the destruction of the Church Because now they are destroying the Church
” Meanwhile, Trump continued pounding Sessions in other tweets, saying he needed to investigate “deleted Emails, Comey lies & leaks, Mueller conflicts, McCabe, Strzok, Page, Ohr…the Clinton Foundation, illegal surveillance of Trump Campaign, Russian collusion by Dems — and so much more
54 Affiliation is a particular form of help that the Holy See establishes in particular situations in favor of the community of a monastery sui juris which has only an asserted autonomy, but in reality, very precarious or, in fact, non-existent 55 Affiliation is configured as a juridical support that must assess whether the inability to manage the life of the autonomous monastery in all its dimensions is only temporary or is irreversible, helping the community of the affiliated monastery to overcome difficulties or to put in place what is necessary to bring about the suppression of this monastery
Thanks to crackpots online, a Mesa man has become embroiled in conspiracy theories after he sold ammunition to the Las Vegas mass shooter Douglas Haig, a 55-year-old Honeywell engineer, sold more than 700 rounds of ammunition to Las Vegas mass murderer Stephen Paddock in September
The mayor’s move endangered ICE officers and alerted their targets, Homan asserted, “making clear that this reckless decision was based on her political agenda ” He said 864 “criminal aliens and public safety threats remain at large in the community, and I have to believe that some of them were able to elude us thanks to the mayor’s irresponsible decision
Women everywhere should be furious As an outsider, a regular Joe American, this is what I see: Trump nominates a very well known, well-established judge to the supreme court
“The Church is in its pastoral care bound to Holy Scripture and to its interpretation through the Church’s Magisterium,” wrote Cordes “Marx does not even mention that homosexuality always contradicts the Will of God,” citing church teaching through the centuries
– Catherine Booth The way to gauge those who are actually taking ground for the kingdom is to see who is in the midst of a continuous warfare (always in trouble, slandered, lied about, defamed etc) fighting the good fight of faith because they trust in the living God (Matthew 11:12; 1 Timothy 6:12)
Then he encouraged them with a piece of American history “I’m sure we have some American friends in the crowd, on stage, and watching at home,” Kassam concluded
What they do not want to admit to is the fact that today's illegal immigration picture is one that follows the Obama plan on dealing with the influx of illegals to a carbon copy President Trump, on the other hand, is following along with it by detaining illegal immigrants at the border and separating children from their apparent families
Goldstein was the under secretary of state for public diplomacy and public affairs Trump later told reporters he disagreed with Tillerson on some issues and feels the diplomat “will be much happier now
 Bishops’ Committee on Doctrine and a member of the Vatican’s International Theological Commission, warned Pope Francis that he has caused “chronic confusion” among the faithful and bishops He wrote to the pope, “To teach with such an intentional lack of clarity inevitably risks sinning against the Holy Spirit, the Spirit of truth
Such wickedness should be hated with a perfect hatred Christian charity itself demands that we should hate wickedness just as we love goodness
Now, it’s quite different Donald Trump is extremely vilified not because he allegedly is/was racist/sexist, but because he threatens neoliberalism and neoconservatism, the American empire, one that continues to try and push an Orwellian state type of existence, which seems to be ramping up every single year
Obviously The American “Gay” Church Expansion
” Theresa May’s relentlessly appeasement-minded government also admitted two jihad preachers who had praised the murderer of a foe of Pakistan’s blasphemy laws
While the current Iranian regime is certainly no bastion of freedom, the idea that US intervention or a violent revolution would be beneficial for the people of Iran is outright insane To see what US intervention—through military support and the support of ‘protesters’—does to countries, one need only look at Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, and Libya to see the horrific death tolls and war-ravaged dystopias left in America’s wake
When Arnold complained, the professor said they'd reexamine the assignment, but did not concede that Australia was a country "Australia is a continent; it is not a country
Associated Press reported that the Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew and other Orthodox Patriarchs met with Pope Francis on Saturday, and that the Pope had some strong words to say about the persecution of Christians in the Middle East The Pope couldn’t resist an anti-Semitic shot at Israeli “occupation,” but he also seemed to denounce Islamic jihad activity, saying: “So many conflicts have been stoked too by forms of fundamentalism and fanaticism that, under the guise of religion, have profaned God’s name – which is peace – and persecuted age-old neighbors
A pattern, not an aberration Despite all this, even analysts critical of the Guardian’s behaviour have shown a glaring failure to understand that its latest coverage represents not an aberration by the paper but decisively fits with a pattern
[6] “justice and beneficence” are considered on behalf of the community, not the patient [7] Bioethicists take it as read that in order for a life to have sufficient “quality” it must demonstrate sufficient autonomy
The video found it’s way to Twitter, and it is slightly violent, so err on the side of caution if watching near children Also be aware that there a few racial slurs in the video
When the head of the Church himself does not much feel bound by the tradition or impartial laws he has inherited, what then?” What then indeed? The Dictator Pope even feels at liberty to demand that the Lord’s Prayer be changed to reflect his dissatisfaction with God’s words: “And lead us not into temptation [et ne nos inducas in tentationem],” which Francis has decided, after 2,000 years, is a “not a good translation
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use “Islamophobia” is a thought crushing device designed to silence any and critics and criticism of Islam
Pennsylvania’s Supreme Court ruled last month that the report must be released but with some redaction The report’s release begins an information war, with prosecutors and many victims saying it’s the start of holding church leaders at the top accountable for the first time, while church lawyers and other advocates for the institution say the report depicts an era of another century, unfairly smearing today’s Catholicism in Pennsylvania
It's a good thing he'll be leaving the Senate Perhaps Arizona will put someone in that actually has a spine rather than living up to Senator Flake's name
The Crown Prosecution Service kept this case going when otherwise the European warrant put out by the Swedes would have been abandoned in 2013 When Julian came up to a bail hearing last year, it was an absolute disgrace
During the 2008 presidential election, conservatives questioned the indirect ties between Farrakhan and Obama, who attended a church that gave Farrakhan an award Obama’s “spiritual advisor” Rev
" After Farrakhan's speech Sunday, CNN anchor Jake Tapper, among a few others, began tweeting out a few quotes from it, and declared that Farrakhan was more dangerous than other "alt-reich" leaders because he “has a much larger following and elected officials meet with him openly
Make Senators go on the record with their votes, and hold them to account in November Put to the test the Dems’ claims that a critical mass of women, many of them with sons they don’t want falsely accused, believes the fundamentalist feminist narrative and will vote accordingly
There were people that went over there and tried to leave and there were cops that were telling them no, you can’t go out here, you have to go the other way,” he shockingly concluded This stunning testimony is obviously a huge bombshell in the ongoing investigation of the Las Vegas mass shooting and is sure to continue to add credence to the growing belief that we are not being told what actually happened that fateful night
 combat troops from Iraq, giving rise to ISIS’s re-emergence in Iraq from its bases in Syria The radical Shiite Iranian regime purported to come to the “rescue” of both countries from the Sunni terrorists, turning Iraq into a virtual vassal state of the largest state sponsor of terrorism in the process
Kavanaugh “has no qualms about applying decades-old case law to the digital age, and he has endorsed the idea of a “counterterrorism exception” to the Fourth Amendment’s warrant requirement,” said Liza Goitein, co-director of the Brennan Center for Justice’s Liberty and National Security Program While the left is calling for Kavanaugh to be executed over the sex abuse allegations and the right is attacking the alleged victims, others in Congress who see through the facade and media distraction are trying to draw attention to the fact that Kavanaugh is a champion of the police and surveillance state and an enemy to privacy
In a separate text message to Page, Strzok wrote something cryptic about an “insurance policy” in case Donald Trump got elected Apparently, he was referring to the salacious, unverified dossier Hillary Clinton and the DNC paid rent-a-spy Christopher Steele to compile that purports to show Trump’s nefarious links to Russia
” The White House argued that Acosta’s behavior, which it described as rude and aggressive, was the reason for revoking his credential
The other four members are charged with conspiring with Leveille And the death of the three-year-old?
As to Bergoglio in particular, he courageously states openly the truth that so many of his brethren know but fear to speak in public: I want to recall this indefectible truth of the Church’s holiness to the many people who have been so deeply scandalized by the abominable and sacrilegious behavior of the former Archbishop of Washington, Theodore McCarrick; by the grave, disconcerting and sinful conduct of Pope Francis and by the conspiracy of silence of so many pastors, and who are tempted to abandon the Church, disfigured by so many ignominies
My decision to reveal those grave facts was for me the most painful and serious decision that I have ever made in my life I made it after long reflection and prayer, during months of profound suffering and anguish, during a crescendo of continual news of terrible events, with thousands of innocent victims destroyed and the vocations and lives of young priests and religious disturbed
But wait, there’s more! Our dynamic translators even provide their own dynamic interpretation of AL to mean that the “offering” to God of which Francis speaks is merely the decision by a divorced and “remarried” couple with children not to end their relationship, which would be the “perfect objective model,” but rather to “live in continence until they may—after the hoped for declaration of nullity—enter into a true marriage
Dr  Tedros Adhanom, director-general for WHO, has said that the next outbreak that will hit us will be a “terrible” one, causing a large death all over the world
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use The aides named are Imran Awan, his wife Hina Alvi, his brothers Abid and Jamal, and his friend Rao Abbas, Pakistani-born aides
That is exactly what a growing number of Catholics are now doing, as even the secular press recognized less than three months before Bergoglio began his tyrannical reign In this respect, what the neo-Catholics are defending at bottom is themselves—that is, the reputations they have all staked on their defense of the indefensible against the traditionalists they have arrogantly mocked and marginalized for decades only to see, to their horror, that traditionalism is ever more vindicated as the scandals of the Novus Ordo mount under this reckless Pope to an unsustainable, indeed apocalyptic, level
 Acosta — whose testy questions had touched off Mr  Trump’s ire — the administration used the occasion to lay down a set of formal rules governing reporters’ behavior at future White House news conferences, a highly unusual step
Conspiracy: Muslim Photographer & Nation Of Islam Hid Photos Of Obama With Farrakhan Since 2008 The left-wing enemedia worked as furiously to cover up, censor and sanction Barack Hussein Obama’s jihad and violent left-wing connections as they do to manufacture and make up lies to destroy President Trump
A return to integral Tradition is the threat that Faggioli sees as coming particularly from the young Irony of ironies, he is now reduced to defending what is old and tired and corrupt against a restoration, led largely by a youthful vanguard, of what is ever ancient but ever new
Donald Trump won the presidency on a promise of no more unnecessary wars Have the American people been had again?
Thanks, but no thanks You can take your 'Church of Accompaniment" to prison with you
The initial appearance was so bad that I tweeted: “President Trump must clarify his statements in Helsinki on our intelligence system and Putin It is the most serious mistake of his presidency and must be corrected – immediately
They were praised for “how deeply sourced their investigations were ” Their investigations turned up not a shred of real evidence to suggest any serious Russian intervention in the 2016 election
Now that last part is significant Because there is no doubt that businesses employing illegal aliens are committing a crime
Ms  Ford’s supporters are exploiting the “Me Too” movement to declare Judge Kavanaugh guilty simply because Ms
Awan told people Wasserman Schultz chose the name for his daughter, Leza — a Jewish name — and that the Florida congresswoman’s daughter regularly rode a horse that Awan kept at a boarding facility, sources with knowledge of the relationship told TheDCNF Wasserman Schultz cornered House Chief Administrative Officer Phil Kiko and called him a “fucking Islamophobe,” saying “you will not so much as take away their parking spots,” the two House employees said Kiko told them
Nor must we join the neo-Catholics in their mindless applause when one of these incompetents attempts to repoint a brick or two in the crumbling façade they have erected to obscure the Church of old As for William (“nighty-night baby!”) Tobin, after McCarrick had arranged for him to become Archbishop of Newark, Tobin, another episcopal booster of Martin’s pro-homosexual propaganda, promptly sponsored a “gay pilgrimage” to his cathedral in Newark
 intervened massively in the Near and Middle East—in Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, Syria, Yemen And the forces that pushed up into those conflicts, and so disillusioned the nation that it elected Barack Obama, are back, pushing for a new war, on Iran
I am sure there are many many others, too, who think alike, but whom I do not know Dear Cardinal Marx and dear Bishop Bode, there is only one Catholic answer: No!
Equally, the Guardian has made clear who its true heroes are Certainly not Corbyn or Assange, who threaten to disrupt the entrenched neoliberal order that is hurtling us towards climate breakdown and economic collapse
After this speech, there was an uprising among the bishops of the preparatory committee who demanded that the schema – that had taken years to develop – be abandoned This was done, over Ottaviani’s futile objections, and new documents were rapidly cobbled together by a coalition of German and French “progressives” who rejoiced that they had, in effect, seized control of the Council from that moment, before it had even started
But she is a Leftist, and the Left is increasingly anti-Semitic, so she will cruise to victory “Dem Candidate Ilhan Omar Defending Tweet On ‘The Evil Doings Of Israel,’” by Frank Camp, Daily Wire, October 28, 2018:
Born in Egypt and raised in the United States, Powell is well liked by Trump as well as the president’s daughter Ivanka and son-in-law, Jared Kushner But she is already coming under criticism from some conservatives on social media who maintain that Powell is a “globalist” not closely enough aligned with Trump’s “America first” approach to foreign policy
S  can be laid by strictly legal means … We have a well-organized political-action group in this country, determined to destroy our Constitution and establish a one-party state … It operates secretly, silently, continuously to transform our Government … This ruthless power-seeking elite is a disease of our century… This group … is answerable neither to the President, the Congress, nor the courts
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump continued bashing Robert S  Mueller III’s Russia investigation, saying cryptically Monday the special counsel is “looking for trouble
In fact, there are so many unanswered questions that the Drudge Report even linked to an article asking them directly As noted above, at this point literally every piece of so-called evidence put forth by authorities and then regurgitated by the mainstream media cannot be trusted and should be considered as disinformation until proven otherwise
What we seem to have here with the illegal immigration situation today is some very good actors on the Left accusing the Trump Administration of being cruel and insensitive with separating children from their families once they cross the Mexican border into the US When in fact, their idol, Obama did the same thing for years during his time in power
I’m not crazy, I’m not drunk, how long do you think a nation can do evil and not face the wrath of god?” “You see everybody always talk about Hitler exterminating six million Jews
Tillerson Out – CIA Director Pompeo In At State Dept – Gina Haspel As Head Of CIA From Bad To Worse?
They can damage parts of the ear such as hairs that pick up sounds, but again it is reported that large equipment would be needed for such an attack Other theories behind the health issues in Cuba include the use of electromagnetic weapons, which can target highly-focused energy at potential victims
 financier George Soros, whose philanthropy aims to bolster liberal and open-border values -- anathema to Orban, an advocate of a loose group of strong nation states that reject multiculturalism The Hungarian leader has advocated "ethnic homogeneity" and compared Soros, a Jew, to a puppet master unleashing immigration onto Europe to undermine its cultural and economic integrity
), who is frequently a target of conservatives for going rogue on important issues, partly redeemed himself in the eyes of many conservatives While questioning Kavanaugh, Graham lambasted the confirmation process the judge has been put through, calling it “the most unethical sham since I've been in politics
It’s been five years, and I’ve noticed that there are a lot fewer people talking about what a “courageous” act it was to give up the pontificate The consequences of that act have been so outlandish – even for people who are mostly OK with Francis – that very few people are still willing to make polite noises about it
He then said people need to stop thinking these people are a threat “I keep trying to point out to people not to demonize any one group or any one ethnicity, but we keep thinking the biggest terror threat is something else,” Lemon said
com/WK5XYTlcqL — Jacob Wohl (@JacobAWohl) September 17, 2018 UPDATE: I've received a message from POGO stating that they wish to be described as a non-partisan watchdog and that they have a Republican board member
 President Sessions long has been one of Trump’s favorite pinatas, often taking the brunt of the president’s public scorn
Another problem with Farage’s statement is that it manifests a remarkable ignorance of history While he is deeply concerned that British people not begin to think that resisting jihad terror means that they are in a “battle” with the “entire religion” of Islam, he appears unaware of the fact that many Muslims throughout history have considered their entire religion to be at war with the entire non-Muslim world
Whether nuclear disarmament is indeed the final outcome of Tuesday's summit won't be known for years, if not decades But the dramatic act of extending his hand to one of America's longtime adversaries will forever illustrate Trump's gut-driven, norm-shattering tenure
As Michel Martin pointed out in an article in Rome et d’Ailleurs for September-October 1983, “The truth is that the problem of the death penalty is insoluble except from a Christian point of view ” That it figured so prominently in Christian societies is due to the fact that, in the order of charity, atonement to God was sought above any atonement due to man, and the spiritual welfare of citizens above their physical well-being
The plan is not to “control” the private ownership of firearms; it is to PROHIBIT the private ownership of firearms Enacting ever-encroaching gun control laws is simply an incremental means to the ultimate end of gun confiscation and prohibition
Update 2 : Just as we suspected, President Trump has tweeted his opinion on this decision… A disgraceful verdict in the Kate Steinle case!
S  dead, tens of thousands of wounded, trillions of dollars sunk, and a Mideast awash in blood from Afghanistan to Iraq, Libya, Syria and Yemen, with millions uprooted and homeless
HANNITY: Breaking news tonight, the Hills John Solomon, investigative reporter Sara Carter, they released bombshell reports equally tonight Solomon reporting according to the memos obtained, the FBI informant that now has had his NDA lifted at the center of this case gathered years and years of evidence of Russia’s plot to control U
” God’s inexhaustible mercy, indeed Wills’ peaceful fantasy Qur’an raises one massive question that the author does not and cannot answer: if the Islamic holy book is really as peaceful and benign as Garry Wills makes it out to be, why do so very many Muslims worldwide misunderstand it?
We used to think that fashion has to do with haircuts, clothes, or lifestyle, but the vogue today is to sympathize with the Jews and to shed crocodile tears about their sorrows, their heresy, and their historical lies This is, indeed, a new fashion
 mainland with nuclear warheads delivered by intercontinental ballistic missiles It is precisely because North Korea’s actions over the last 23 years have proven that making concessions to a rogue regime in order to obtain denuclearization commitments is so dangerous that President Trump does not want to make the same mistake with Iran
The frontal attacks have been coming not from governments but from journalists I described this recently as “Vichy journalism,” a term which now fits so much of the mainstream media
This obviously does not look good for the Pope or the Catholic Church as they are now apparently engaging in attacking the victims instead of actually going after the abusers Shock!
Illegitimate I don’t know
“The probability the current Iranian theocracy will stop its nuclear program willingly or even under significant pressure is low,” the plan states “Absent a change in government within Iran, America will face a choice between accepting a nuclear-armed Iran or acting to destroy as much of this capability as possible
The Last-Minute Character Assassination of Judge Kavanaugh Using any despicable tactic at hand to derail Judge Brett Kavanaugh’s Supreme Court confirmation less than a week before the Senate Judiciary Committee is scheduled to vote on whether to approve his nomination, Senate Democrats have sunk to their lowest level of character assassination yet
He did not elaborate, saying it was part of the investigation CBS News has learned Wednesday that Wahhaj is the son of a Brooklyn imam who was a possible co-conspirator in the bombing of the World Trade Center in 1993 -- but was never charged
Kim assumed power after his father Kim Jong Il, also a brutal dictator, died in 2011 Throughout the day, Trump and Kim's body language was openly friendly, a striking warmth given Kim's iron grip on power and dismal record on human rights
In fact, Saris' actions appear to more akin to that of the Mexican kritarch Monica Herranz who aided an illegal alien to escape arrest by ICE when she let that illegal alien leave her courtroom through the exit to her judicial chambers Saris is clearly scheming to help Rombot escape deportation by disappearing into the almost 1 million illegal aliens absconding from Final Orders of Removal
” And the picture that emerges in stark relief in The Dictator Pope, as Life Site News reports , is that of “a power-hungry, manipulative dictator, [who] celebrated the abdication of Benedict XVI” because he knew what it meant: that the plan to give him the Keys of Peter in 2005 would finally come to fruition in 2013 “We elected you to make reforms, not to smash everything!” Thus is Cardinal Leonardi Sandri, a fellow Argentinian and a supporter of Pope Francis at the conclave of 2013, reliably reported literally to have screamed at Pope Francis behind closed doors in the Vatican
Wouldn’t he have eased sanctions? Wouldn’t he have been less confrontational than Obama in Syria?
But that was then, this is now I’m no longer afraid
It is said that they annihilated 50-100 hundred million, but nobody ever mentions this […] “Was there annihilation?
” “In addition to stopping all payments to these countries, which seem to have almost no control over their population, I must, in the strongest of terms, ask Mexico to stop this onslaught — and if unable to do so I will call up the U
” The government needs, he said, to “implement a concrete ‘countering-jihad’ strategy
 immigration law He has already proved that in the sanctuary state of California, false-documented illegals are a privileged class
“We’re just shocked — saddened and shocked   that’s about it,” Jim Steinle, Kate’s father, told the San Francisco Chronicle
In any event, the persecution was limited in time and duration as the local elite know they need the Chinese to run the economy and to avoid Red China intervening on behalf of their fellow ethnics In the United States, these Chinese went through the liberal asylum process, but did not manage to fool even the credulous "judges" at the Executive Office for Immigration Review (EOIR), the immigration courts
Article posted with permission from Sons Of Liberty Media Cop Killer Supporter Keith Ellison Calls Cops To Protect Him From Female Journalist Armed With Mic & Camera Phone
That the penalty is due primarily as expiation to God in justice, and only secondarily to man has been lost sight of altogether The supernatural dimension of the punishment as an agent for the spiritual good of both society and the criminal is furthermore not only not addressed, but treated as non-existent
 elites made China great again, to where Beijing is now challenging our strategic position and presence in Asia Could Republicans not see the factories shutting down, or not understand why workers' wages had failed to rise for decades?
The Middle East has become a land of people who leave their own lands behind ” He cried: “Indifference kills, and we desire to lift up our voices in opposition to this murderous indifference
The attorney general had been accused of “softening or watering down his report,” Gowdy said, “When the reality is it was Jim Comey who softened and watered down his press release, announcing no charges against Secretary Clinton We see Jim Comey and Jim Comey alone deciding which DOJ policies to follow and which to ignore, to decide whether there is sufficient evidence to support each and every element of an offense and we see Jim Comey and Jim Comey alone deciding whether to send a letter to Congress in the throes of looming election
 conventional forces and the commencement of open warfare against North Vietnam As a result, 58,177 Americans would lose their lives
Nor can the pope, in calling for a cultural revolution, especially since he does not explain what he exactly means by it He says that he “allows himself” to talk like that – but if one dares something, one might win, but one also can perish
Sociologists talk about the concept of the “high trust society,” one in which citizens believe what they are told by the elites and trust them to govern and protect them adequately They warn that the general loss of trust in institutions leads to a general state of chaos, in which laws on the books matter little as citizens turn to their last resort of protecting themselves and their own families
 7 press conference at the White House After interacting with President Trump – Acosta said he wanted to “challenge” him on calling the Central American caravans an “invasion” – the president called upon another reporter to speak
The CIA’s records relating to Mexico City! Ever since the assassination, the CIA has argued that the release of any of its JFK records would threaten “national security
And sure enough, within hours of making his letter public, we learned that Fr Weinandy had been given the boot
As Disobediant Media notes (emphasis in the original): While most readers with functional critical thinking capacity may readily dismiss the Guardian’s smear on its face, the fact that the Guardian published this piece, and that Luke Harding is still operating with even the tiniest modicum of respect as a journalist despite his history of deceit, tells us something bone-chilling about journalism
Throughout his book, Wills’ assurances that the Qur’an is not really as bad as “right-wing Islamophobes” say, or that the Bible contains material that is just as bad or worse, dissolve under close scrutiny Again and again it turns out that Wills has ignored key passages in order to make his case
Hey, Self Proclaimed "Fact Checkers" and Mainstream Media, Let's Not Let That Jim Acosta Propaganda You're Putting Out Go So Fast! Notice how quickly the drive-by media and self-proclaimed "fact checkers" gunned down the Trump administration and Infowars with their lying propaganda over the video that was enhanced, not doctored, to demonstrate that all of them and Jim Acosta are lying through their Communist teeth?
Australia's nationhood is not a matter of belief But we are in the age of, "My truth"
Whether or not he is guilty of these allegations is left to be determined However, it does serve as a great distraction from his actual constitution-hating and tyrannical tendencies
“This is not some future nightmare scenario A devastating epidemic could start in any country at any time and kill millions of people because we are still not prepared
Islamizing the Schools: The Case of West Virginia This is an outrage, but it is common nationwide: the Daily Caller News Foundation reports that Mountain Ridge Middle School in West Virginia is “instructing junior high students to write the Islamic profession of faith ostensibly to practice calligraphy
Faggioli would probably be more inclined to civil or criminal prosecution of “Catholic Jacobins” for “hate speech” than Novus Ordo bishops for their complicity in covering up homosexual rapes “Homosexuality in the clergy exists and is a matter that must be addressed,” Faggioli fleetingly acknowledges toward the end of his piece, “but the abuse crisis cannot be resolved by making homosexuals within the Church the scapegoat of a scandal that has ancient roots, well before Vatican Council II
] While there can be no doubt that the impending total extinction of the Carmelite Order in Western Europe was foremost in the minds of the nuns present, it seems that the issue was simply not addressed out loud by the representatives of the bureaucracy
Sarah’s brother said that the killer called Sarah and her daughter, “dirty Jews” The authorities stonewalled at every turn
The Democrat leadership collusion with Muslim spies is the biggest story of treason and espionage in the recent memory As the scandal widens and worsens, the media goes to extraordinary lengths not to cover it
As to matters of purely ecclesiastical law such as this one the Church has always allowed for departures from traditional practice in cases of emergency or grave necessity And just as a synod was employed to address three rival claimants to the papal throne in 1046, declaring at least two of them deposed, so today might it be possible for reform-minded cardinals and bishops, comprising an imperfect council, to undo the incalculable damage caused by the cabal that lobbied for Bergoglio’s election before the last conclave—a cabal that included none other than McCarrick, whom Bergoglio rewarded by rehabilitating that monster despite the massive evidence of his unspeakable crimes
I mean, none of this came from the Russians That WikiLeaks is somehow in bed with the Russians is ludicrous
They are donating the Google plane for the Africa trip” Meanwhile, according to a Breitbart report by Allum Bokhari, “By inserting negative search suggestions under the name of a candidate, search engines like Google can shift the opinions of undecided voters by up to 43
In the case of Barros, the Associated Press obtained a confidential letter from Pope Francis dated 2015 that “reveals the [Chilean] bishops’ concern about Francis naming a Karadima protégé, Bishop Juan Barros ” Just days before the pope’s “calumny” comment, January 11, AP reported that Francis had full knowledge of the controversy he risked in appointing Barros to Osorno
He is the very exemplar of the crisis we must still endure… Let the thing die of its own excesses, for as the “little synod” [the 2002 “pedophile summit”] demonstrates, the men who control this establishment will never restore it to anything resembling the vibrant Church that a long line of militant, uncompromising Popes delivered into their hands at Vatican II
” And don’t forget, the old sorta, kinda moderate Democrats like Feinstein and Chuck Schumer, who now have joined the crowd of trendoid socialists armed with torches and pitch-forks, will go along because they’re frightened of their party’s increasingly rabid left-wing base
He rode through the night on his horse He said, ‘The British are coming, the British are coming!’ Well, let you tell you something; we’re here today to say a similar thing: The British are coming back!”
S  dead, tens of thousands of wounded, trillions of dollars sunk, and a Mideast awash in blood from Afghanistan to Iraq, Libya, Syria and Yemen, with millions uprooted and homeless
 229) Apparently, this individual who wrote the article knows nothing of the Black Robed Regiment that the tyrant King George feared the most
Then when administrators are confronted, they claim it was all just an educational exercise, not proselytizing But we never, ever see Judaism or Christianity or Hinduism or Buddhism taught as fact in public schools, or schoolchildren being forced to make professions of faith in those religions
” That's a good attitude considering he has had his cars repossessed and is in a tremendous amount of debt due to his incarceration and now having a felony on his record
“This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further Bob Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 Angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to USA!” Trump wrote
” Archbishop Viganò now provides his own decisive summary of the situation, based on firsthand experience with a now endemic homosexual corruption of the Church:
Here is Democratic Senator Chuck Schumer (NY) repeating Pelosi’s false accusation: “Millions of Americans will continue to wonder if the only possible explanation for this dangerous behavior is the possibility that President Putin holds damaging information over President Trump ” If you don’t believe that this is orchestrated between Pelosi and Schumer, you are stupid beyond belief
Cardinal O'Malley, whose spokesman referred requests for comment to the Vatican, has earned respect for his work in tackling sex abuse by clergy in Boston Cardinal O'Malley's disgraced predecessor, the late Cardinal Bernard Law, had moved paedophile priests between parishes rather than addressing victims' claims
Between 1997 and 2017, the EU ran up, at America's expense, trade surpluses in goods in excess of $2 trillion, while we also picked up the bill for Europe's defense Between 1992 and 2016, China was allowed to run $4 trillion in trade surpluses at our expense, converting herself into the world's first manufacturing power and denuding America of tens of thousands of factories and millions of manufacturing jobs
President Trump nominated Bret Kavanaugh to the supreme court He’s a pro-life judge and his vote will certainly tip the scales of justice to the right
Paul contends that the Trump nominations directly contradict promises the president made on the campaign trail “I’m perplexed by the nomination of people who love the Iraq War so much that they would advocate for a war with Iran next
The first order of business is to scuttle the upcoming October Synod on Young People, the Faith, and Vocational Discernment Remember that influential Roman gentleman friend of McCarrick who said that Bergoglio could reform the Church in 5 years?
”… Robinson was arrested, tried, and d to 13 months within an hour for simply reporting outside a criminal trial involving a Muslim rape gang at Leeds Crown Court
“We stand by our decision to revoke this individual’s hard pass We will not tolerate the inappropriate behavior clearly documented in this video,” Sanders tweeted to accompany the allegedly doctored video
Is it simply that we have moved so far away from the ancient Faith that we no longer have a realistic notion of the Faith ourselves to make a comparison, to make an objective judgement? The “progressive” destroyer of Ottaviani inheriting his office and the epithet “arch-conservative”…
When, at his very first Angelus address in 2013, Pope Francis told the crowd how much he loved the writing of Walter Kasper, quite a lot of us who had spent many years watching the Vatican started understanding where we were all headed with the new pope Jorge Bergoglio might have been unknown to the larger Catholic world, but Walter Kasper was a celebrity heretic, the media-savvy frontman for the “ultra-liberal” “wing” of the post-Vatican II Church
” Given his long experience witnessing the church’s inertia on the issue, Saviano said, he has set his expectations at rock bottom
Clinton is now on a book tour with co-author James Patterson but got pointed questions from NBC in an interview that aired Monday morning Clinton, pictured denying his May-December affair when he was president, was already noted at the time for his lothario habits
Bishops and priests, abusing their authority, have committed horrendous crimes to the detriment of their faithful, minors, innocent victims, and young men eager to offer their lives to the Church, or by their silence have not prevented that such crimes continue to be perpetrated To restore the beauty of holiness to the face of the Bride of Christ, which is terribly disfigured by so many abominable crimes, and if we truly want to free the Church from the fetid swamp into which she has fallen, we must have the courage to tear down the culture of secrecy and publicly confess the truths we have kept hidden
"They don’t want a 'German life' in Germany in the sense that they are willing to accept German values," she added "Many, all too many, of them want to overwhelm German values, and European values in general, with sharia values
Certainly not Corbyn or Assange, who threaten to disrupt the entrenched neoliberal order that is hurtling us towards climate breakdown and economic collapse Its pages, however, are readily available to the latest effort to prop up the status quo from Tony Blair, the man who led Britain, on false pretences, into the largest crime against humanity in living memory – the attack on Iraq
 Also, it’s very important to fulfill the Sunday Mass obligation, and as everyone knows, one can’t possibly go to Mass on a Sunday without receiving Communion We hear again, as we did incessantly from the Kasperians at the Synods, about the hard case of the poor, poor woman who has been abandoned by the first husband, and who “finds no other way out than to entrust oneself to a kind-hearted person,” … with whom, I guess, she has also no choice but to have sexual relations
Nearly five hours of unprecedented and surreal talks between US President Donald Trump and North Korea's Kim Jong Un culminated on Tuesday with fulsome declarations of a new friendship but just vague pledges of nuclear disarmament For Trump, that amounted to a triumphant outcome in his extraordinary gamble with the rogue kingdom's despotic leader
Several hundred people have been exposed to the virus as officials worry this outbreak could spread rapidly into regions already devastated by the ongoing black death outbreak New Virus With NO CURE Spreading: This Is WORSE Than The ‘Black Death’
Symptoms of the plague include a very high fever, coughing (potentially coughing up blood), and headaches Ten African nations have already been put on alert that the plague could easily spread to their region of the globe
That’s just the tip of the collectivist agenda iceberg Christopher Chin, head of Homeschool Louisiana, told The Times that parents are fed up with “the violence, the bullying, the unsafe environments
We must show where they are Where is this smoke of Satan that has entered the Church?
You may recall that basically every blogger outside the establishment media was accused of being secretly Russian during the 2016 election by the Washington Post, so perhaps actual Russians have a vested interest in the truth coming out on this topic My friend John Vibes is an amazing person who contributes to The Free Thought Project
You know what, guys? Thanks, but no thanks
I can imagine what a monastery founded by a committee would be like to live in [10] We’ll pass over “dynamic fidelity” in silence for now…
As I show in my book The History of Jihad From Muhammad to ISIS , the great caliphates of history, from the immediate post-Muhammad period of the “Rightly Guided Caliphs” to the Umayyads, Abbasids, and Ottomans, as well as other Islamic states, all waged relentless jihad warfare against non-Muslims, subjugating them under the rule of Islamic law and denying them basic rights These weren’t the actions of a “tiny minority of extremists,” abhorred by the vast majority of peaceful Muslims for “hijacking” their religion
From reports of multiple shooters to officials seemingly covering up the ISIS connection, many different theories have been put forth that counter the mainstream narrative Now, new information released by investigative reporter Laura Loomer proves that authorities have directly lied to the American people about the case at least once by claiming that supposed shooter Stephen Paddock checked into the Mandalay Bay Hotel on September 28th when valet records (with photos) prove he actually arrived three days earlier
Instead they caved to Iranian pressure in order to get the deal done Now that President Trump is trying to clean up the mess Obama and Kerry left him, Kerry has the gall to label President Trump’s decision a "reckless abandonment of facts in favor of ego and ideology" and to accuse the Trump administration of “lying to the American people
The February mass shooting at a high school in Parkland, Florida prompted many parents to consider homeschooling This is hardly surprising, as the misnamed federal “Gun-Free Schools” law leaves schoolchildren defenseless against mass shooters
They know that the eleven male Republican Senators on the Judiciary Committee dread the #MeToo movement casting them as knuckle-dragging Neanderthal sexists who want to “silence” the accuser with their “cavalier treatment of a sexual assault survivor,” as one Ford lawyer has said Republicans still don’t get that no amount of appeasement will stop the left from demonizing them anyway
REMNANT COMMENT: While we certainly appreciate His Excellency's candid explanation of what he knew and did not know about this horrific scandal in the Church, we would also humbly beg him to take it one step further by publicly proclaiming his profession of belief in the Church's official teaching against the mortal sin of homosexual acts and the so-called "gay lifestyle," which includes her long-held teaching that homosexual activity between clerics is an ecclesiastical crime Far from being reassured of this by their bishops, many Catholic faithful today are informed that the modern Catholic Church is now an "inclusive community" that "welcomes all" and "judges none
Fox News notes that ICE officials are asking the Department of Justice to look into whether she broke any laws by doing so ICE reports that 864 illegal immigrants with criminal convictions and other public safety threats "remain at large" in the area -- an indeterminate number of whom may have been tipped off by a Democrat mayor who betrayed the law-abiding citizens of Northern California
He was their inside boy, after all But the real irony here is that the media labeled Paul Joseph Watson and Infowars as "conspiracy theorists" and yet, PJW has exposed their blatant conspiracy to smear President Trump, Sarah Sanders and the White House aide
Sandro Magister recently published a piece on his website that listed in dizzying detail the many times, in only the last few months, that pope Francis has falsified with obvious intention, the words of Christ in Scripture and the teaching of the Church Of course this would be of little interest to secular journalists, who have paid no mind to his habit of rewriting Catholicism, but the sex abuse crisis is something secular journalists are very interested in, a fact Bergoglio seems not to have understood
 embassy in Jerusalem Israel has some of the most wickedly experimental munitions in the world and they fired them at people who were protesting the occupation of their homeland and trying to remind people of the Nakba and the right of return
The timing is eerily propitious and providential based on the 5 year deadline Will the laity step up and reclaim our hijacked Catholic Church?
” Gun control groups, including Everytown for Gun Safety and Mayors Against Illegal Guns, praised the conference for reaffirming its support for stricter regulations “Mayors are on the frontlines of America’s gun violence crisis, so it’s no surprise they’re also leading the charge to pass common-sense, life-saving laws,” said Everytown president John Feinblatt
Fernando Karadima, such accusations against Barros are “all calumny ” The pope’s remarks drew shock from Chileans and immediate rebuke from victims and their advocates
” Video of the incident reportedly was posted on a Facebook page with a request for the public to help identify the "scum bag of the year
Following is a transcript: Jihad Al-‘Ayesh: “Some people have shown up with a new fashion We used to think that fashion has to do with haircuts, clothes, or lifestyle, but the vogue today is to sympathize with the Jews and to shed crocodile tears about their sorrows, their heresy, and their historical lies
Yes, deposition Canon212 has linked to an interesting and timely piece on the role of the Synod of Sutri, near Rome, in 1046, which dealt with the problem of three rival claimants to the papacy, each installed by a Roman faction: First, the execrable Benedict IX, mentioned above
Just days after a district judge dropped all charges against three of the Muslim jihadis at the New Mexico terror compound where a child was killed and 11 other children were being trained to commit jihad in mass school shootings, the Federal Bureau of Investigation has stepped up to arrest five Islamists, but the charges are no longer the same Remember, this all occurred because the district attorney failed to file for a preliminary hearing within 10 days and didn’t even bother to show up for court
Kerry On Edge As Legacy Crumbles Former Secretary of State John Kerry wasted no time condemning President Trump’s decision not to recertify, and to possibly withdraw from, the disastrous nuclear deal with Iran that Kerry negotiated on behalf of his boss Barack Obama
About which of half a dozen wars were they right? Yesterday's New York Times recognized Trump's triumph:
 financial system, Obama-era officials never volunteered that the specific license for Bank Muscat in Oman had been issued two months earlier Scandal-free administration, folks
Then you get painted like, oh, Gillum is being painted, no You are a socialist, you are way out of left field…”
Indeed, especially then Apparently, They Think We are Fools
” (Eric John, The Popes, 181) These lessons of history should suffice to dispel the pious fable, never a teaching of the Magisterium, that every Pope is chosen by the Holy Ghost to lead the Church
The non-Muslims are nothing but dirt Allah has created them to be partisans of Satan; most treacherous in regard to all they do; whose whole endeavor in this nether life is useless, though they themselves imagine that they are doing fine work
Bob Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 Angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to USA!” Trump wrote The president suggested in a subsequent tweet that Manafort was being treated worse than Al Capone, the notorious Prohibition-era Chicago gangster
There would be a near lynching of them on the spot and surely for days to come They might lose their livelihood and get death threats, but not "Crooked" Hillary
 Hamid, if he cared about this, would be confronting honestly the teachings of Islam that make Ramadan the month of jihad, and working to reform them Meanwhile, it would be dangerous, suicidal folly for Infidels to pretend that Ramadan is not the month of jihad
The fact that Francis received the eight-page letter, obtained by the AP, challenges his insistence that he has “zero tolerance” for sex abuse and cover-ups It also calls into question his stated empathy with abuse survivors, compounding the most serious crisis of his five-year papacy
After a monthlong backlash about that interview, largely in conservative media, Mr  Davis said in a statement to Forward on Thursday that “I reject, condemn and oppose Minister Farrakhan’s views and remarks regarding the Jewish people and the Jewish religion
Given how obviously partisan and hypocritical this ploy is––doesn’t Keith Ellison’s accuser deserve to be heard and believed too? ––why has Grassley so far allowed himself to be played by the Dems?
Really? Whatever definition that one might put on that nebulous term, no reasonable person can honestly believe that the release of 50-year-old records are going to result in the United States falling into the ocean or even that the communists are going to take over the federal government
” Theresa May’s relentlessly appeasement-minded government also admitted two jihad preachers who had praised the murderer of a foe of Pakistan’s blasphemy laws
) This was the pope laying out his policy regarding homosexuality, a policy for which he was duly rewarded by being lauded on the cover of the homosexualist lobby’s US trade magazine
Watch this leftist loon pour her beverage on FSU Republicans as she states they are “normalizing and enabling Nazis” by supporting Rick Scott and Ron DeSantis WATCH: Angry leftist pours her beverage on FSU Republicans and says they are “normalizing and enabling Nazis” by supporting Rick Scott and Ron DeSantis
Sinema is proof: the Left hates America, and considers “right-wing extremists,” a term all too often applied to American patriots, far more of a threat than jihad terrorists It used to be that this fact was dismissed as hysterical hyperbole
Farrakhan Speech: 'Jews Are My Enemy,' 'White Folks Are Going Down' With the leftist media entirely focused on the push to ban AR-15s and repeal the Second Amendment, practically no one noticed Louis Farrakhan's Saviours’ Day 2018 Address in which he told an approving audience that "powerful Jews are my enemy," and "white folks are going down," according to The Washington Examiner
 9, 2016—the day after Clinton’s loss to Trump in the 2016 presidential election—by Eliana Murillo, Google’s Multicultural Marketing department head The four page email begins with Murillo claiming she and others at Google were engaged in non-partisan activities not designed to help any one candidate or another—only to undercut her own commentary in later passages in the emails by openly admitting the entire effort to boost Latino turnout using Google products with official company resources was to elect Clinton over Trump
Crucially, it was Ratzinger who moved the competence for sex abuse cases from the Congregation for Bishops to Doctrine of the Faith, with powers to suspend and punish offenders His reforms specifically included bishops who had refused to act against priest-abusers
It won’t destroy Iran’s nuclear installations And it won’t bring down the regime which by its nature ensures all of these things will remain a menace to the US, its allies and international security as a whole
” Adachi added, “Despite the unfairly politicized atmosphere surrounding this case, jurors focused on the evidence, which was clear and convincing, and rendered a just verdict
The Sun-Sentinel reports: Just hours after finishing a tumultuous election recount, Broward Supervisor of Elections Brenda Snipes submitted her resignation, ending a 15-year tenure full of botched elections, legal disputes and blistering criticism
year-over-year, in March and April, respectively It’s hard to believe with the evaporation of the Trump Effect, but less than six months ago we were seeing to year-over-year declines in the immigrant workforce population
And still, none of this explains why Campos is not registered as a security guard either, and why the timeline is being changed publically What exactly do they want us to believe?
Trump tweeted Thursday: "Will be giving a Full Pardon to Dinesh D'Souza today He was treated very unfairly by our government!"
” This is the death spiral
Tlaib’s unitary state would be no different The hijabed (and therefore pro-Sharia) Ilhan Omar, meanwhile, is even more hateful than Tlaib
For any constitutionalist, the ruling by Trump-appointed Judge Timothy J  Kelly was nothing but surreal, and honestly, he should be impeached over his frivolous ruling that demanded the White House reinstate CNN reporter Jim Acosta's press pass
More than 100 Russian individuals and companies have been sanctioned for a variety of reasons Despite the hysteria of the left, it is impossible to see the Trump administration as anything but firm in its dealing with Russia
Because North Korea has scraped and skimped for decades to build nuclear weapons for the sole reason of deterring a major US attack, including the use by the US of tactical nuclear weapons Pakistan ‘ate grass’ for decades to afford nuclear weapons to offset the threat from far more powerful India
” “Policies like background checks on all gun sales and Red Flag Laws save lives,” said Karen Freeman-Wilson, mayor of Gary, Indiana, and chair of the conference’s criminal and social justice committee
What’s more, according to WFAA, who obtained affidavits for all of the search warrants involved in the case, none of them involved the search of Guyger’s apartment For those who don’t recall, police egregiously released the search warrant findings of Jean’s apartment on the day his family buried his dead body
Depending on an alien’s criminality, an alien who re-enters the United States after having been previously deported commits a felony punishable by up to 20 years in federal prison, if convicted “Our dedicated officers strive to make our communities safer by arresting convicted criminal aliens and removing them from the United States despite the reckless sanctuary policies that are currently in place in Cook County that put our communities at risk,” said Ricardo Wong, field office director of ERO Chicago
00 (as of 10:35 EDT - Details) An unaware person might think that this is silly and laugh, but as Finian Cunningham shows, President Trump has been set-up as a treasonous enemy of America
This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further Bon Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to [sic] USA!” Trump wrote
Former three-term Rep  John Delaney wrote the “patriotic action for the Attorney General is to release the entire Mueller Report to the American people
The ‘conservatives’ are complicit, too ” In short, as it was during his days of glory, globe trotting on the dime of the State Department, hosting presidents for dinner and inviting John Paul II and Mother Theresa to tea, so it is now: McCarrick is the face of the New Paradigm
I have been invited to a major protest demonstration in London next week, and I will be coming Free Tommy now
"The tumbling actually causes stresses and strains internal to the object, and that slowly but surely squeezes and pulls on the object just like tides on the Earth to remove energy from the spin," Fraser said But, at least for the next few billion years, the space invader is destined to continue its topsy-turvy spin
#FreeTommy Robinson Rally Draws Tens Of Thousands This weekend, the #FreeTommy Robinson rally drew upwards of 20,000 supporters, according to organizers, in support of the outspoken critic of Islam and exposer of their crimes in his country and against his tyrannical arrest and imprisonment
Then, only when he was forced by the media, and a revolt by the Chilean victims and faithful, did he recognize his error and apologize, while stating that he had been misinformed, causing a disastrous situation for the Church in Chile, but continuing to protect the two Chilean Cardinals Errazuriz and Ezzati On the very day Archbishop Viganò’s testimony was made public, Sandro Magister summed up the entire state of affairs in the Church universal after decades of unrestricted homosexual migration into the hierarchy, to which Bergoglio has contributed mightily: “From the seminaries, to the clergy, to the bishops, to the cardinals, homosexuals are present at all levels, by the thousand
But a judge requested a second series of tests, which determined that the Malian immigrant was not able to stand trial, 20 Minutes reported Wednesday This tired farce has dragged on
Senator Lindsey Graham Unleashes Firestorm At Democrat Senators For "Most Unethical Sham" Since He's Been In Politics I'm not a fan of Senator Lindsey Graham (R-SC), and he's my senator, but I have to tell you that he was right on point on Thursday when he berated Senate Democrats in their relentless assault on Judge Brett Kavanaugh while at the same time believing every word of Dr
Featured in this report is a campaign staffer who works on Andrew Gillum’s gubernatorial campaign Omar Smith, who says he went to college with Gillum, reveals Gillum cannot fulfill his campaign promises even if he wanted to
It has no value at all And Shapira, who “enjoys writing about people who have served in the military and intelligence communities” had an ethical duty to point out Helms’ proclivity for lying in his article
Things like the “reckless storage” of firearms and drinking habits can be considered If you keep a handgun in the bedside table and drink beer regularly, you may [be] in trouble
It is welcome that finally there has been a little pushback, including from leading journalists, to the Guardian’s long-running vilification of Julian Assange, the founder of Wikileaks Reporter Luke Harding’s latest article, claiming that Donald Trump’s disgraced former campaign manager Paul Manafort secretly visited Assange in Ecuador’s embassy in London on three occasions, is so full of holes that even hardened opponents of Assange in the corporate media are struggling to stand by it
” “Bishops are quick learners,” he wrote in his letter, “and what many have learned from your pontificate is not that you are open to criticism, but that you resent it,” claiming that many bishops don’t speak out publicly for fear they will be “marginalized or worse
Watch this leftist loon pour her beverage on FSU Republicans as she states they are “normalizing and enabling Nazis” by supporting Rick Scott and Ron DeSantis WATCH: Angry leftist pours her beverage on FSU Republicans and says they are “normalizing and enabling Nazis” by supporting Rick Scott and Ron DeSantis
Social media is a massive source of information and influence today If the information is rigged by entities that support socialism, gun control, and the end of privacy, we’re doomed
To recap, the formerly terrorist-classified organization MEK, trained in the US and granted special privilege status by then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in 2012—which has since been heavily funded to refine their image by having famous US neoconservative war hawks from both sides of the isle actually chant for “regime change” on their behalf—is now the darling child of the neocon agenda and the impetus behind what could kick of World War 3 While the current Iranian regime is certainly no bastion of freedom, the idea that US intervention or a violent revolution would be beneficial for the people of Iran or American citizens is outright insane
When Crimeans voted to reunite with Russia, Washington misrepresented the democratic result of self-determination as a “Russian invasion and annexation of Crimea ” Such an extraordinary misrepresentation destroyed any remaining confidence the Russian government might have had in Washington’s veracity
” The government needs, he said, to “implement a concrete ‘countering-jihad’ strategy
Not likely at all! Instead, it is a virtual certainly that when Art of the Deal Trump sent out those two tweets, he was sending a message to the CIA as part of the negotiations: Give me what I want or I will release the records
Let the thing die of its own excesses, for as the “little synod” [the 2002 “pedophile summit”] demonstrates, the men who control this establishment will never restore it to anything resembling the vibrant Church that a long line of militant, uncompromising Popes delivered into their hands at Vatican II For heaven’s sake, the men who govern the Church today require a Vatican summit meeting to agonize over whether serial child molesters should be defrocked
Finally, I ask you all to join me and the entire clergy of the Diocese of Madison in making public and private acts of reparation to the Most Sacred Heart of Jesus and to the Immaculate Heart of Mary for all the sins of sexual depravity committed by members of the clergy and episcopacy I will be offering a public Mass of reparation on Friday, September 14, the Feast of the Triumph of the Holy Cross, at Holy Name Heights and I ask all pastors to do the same in their own parishes
Peradventure there be fifty righteous within the city: wilt thou also destroy and not spare the place for the fifty righteous that are therein? That be far from thee to do after this manner, to slay the righteous with the wicked: and that the righteous should be as the wicked, that be far from thee: Shall not the Judge of all the earth do right?
Such measures are common practice in North Korea and Saudi Arabia It is sad to see how Britain, the cradle of Western democracy and the rule of law, is fast descending into tyranny
’ Instead, Trump sent his beginner Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to explain what happened in Singapore, inflicting a deep loss of face on Tokyo and Seoul This was a terrible insult and could spark decisions by at least Japan to proceed ahead with its covert nuclear program
President Trump then reminded everyone of the Obama administration’s failures in dealing with Russian meddling in the election President Trump noted that President Obama and his advisers had information that the Russians had been working to interfere in the election and they ignored it, because they thought Hillary Clinton was going to win
It was also apparently evidence of the paper’s clickbait tendencies: “They [Guardian editors] knew that publishing this story would cause partisan warriors to excitedly spread the story, and that cable news outlets would hyperventilate over it, and that they’d reap the rewards regardless of whether the story turned out to be true or false
Of what was said above concerning resignation from Church office in general, what would not apply to a pope, of all office holders, if he, as alleged by Viganò, from the first months of his papacy knowingly protected and favored a cardinal who was [pick a disgusting verb]-ing seminarians? By what possible stretch of the imagination would such an occupant be suited for the Chair of Peter?
They presented their profession “before God who will judge us,” in response to certain pastoral norms issued by several bishops’ conferences aimed at implementing chapter 8 of Pope Francis’ apostolic exhortation on the family, Amoris Laetitia Some of these norms, Schneider told LifeSiteNews, give “implicit approval” of divorce and of sexual activity outside a valid marriage
We have a daughter still in high school and three in grade school Our family couldn't be happier with our decision to homeschool---yes, all the way through high school
In court documents, Gilani alleged, “while he was admitted in hospital my telephone conversations were taped and some other recording devices were also installed/planted in my house … Imran Awan showed up and threatened me for me calling the police [Imran] threatened that he is very powerful and if I ever call the police again [he] will do harm to me
 Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 30, 2017 I’m not sure we’re doing just fine, but Trump is right that the real problem is jihad terror and Sharia supremacism, and British authorities want to ignore that and shoot the messenger
This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further Bon Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to [sic] USA!” Trump wrote
Third, faithful to the free trade cult in which they were raised, Republicans championed NAFTA, the WTO, and MFN for China Historians will look back in amazement at how America's free trade zealots gave away the greatest manufacturing base the world had ever seen, as they quoted approvingly 18th- and 19th-century scribblers whose ideas had done so much to bring down their own country, Great Britain
8 Bring Counter-Jihadists into the Government
” In J Street's home dimension of Oceania, supporter of Israel means Farrakhan supporter
They Never Happened No investigative journalism in my lifetime can equal the importance of what WikiLeaks has done in calling rapacious power to account
After the Parkland school shooting, had Donald Trump simply used his bully pulpit to promote arming teachers and school employees as a deterrent and defense against these school shootings without calling for more gun control, it would have been a HUGE boost for the Second Amendment in general and school safety in particular Instead, Trump fell in with anti-Second Amendment liberals and started calling for more gun control, adding “mental health” restrictions to gun purchases and making his stupid Stalinist statements about taking guns first and worrying about due process later
This actually may end up undermining the gun manufacturing industry in the future, as people will be able to build their own guns at home in a similar manner to how the internet has had a dramatic effect on the retail brick and mortar stores Wilson boasted that his efforts have officially killed gun control
Our bishops must make it absolutely clear that the Church's moral theology on homosexuality will not and can not be trumped by the dictates of political correctness And neither can God's law be changed to accommodate the spirit of our “most enlightened” age---which is, of course, an evil spirit that can be driven out only by prayer and fasting
54 Affiliation is a particular form of help that the Holy See establishes in particular situations in favor of the community of a monastery sui juris which has only an asserted autonomy, but in reality, very precarious or, in fact, non-existent 55 Affiliation is configured as a juridical support that must assess whether the inability to manage the life of the autonomous monastery in all its dimensions is only temporary or is irreversible, helping the community of the affiliated monastery to overcome difficulties or to put in place what is necessary to bring about the suppression of this monastery
The United States Conference of Mayors passed several resolutions last week that called for more gun confiscation legislation following all the debate about guns after several shootings, despite the fact that government has never been given authority to restrict or regulate arms Part of the hypocrisy of the US Conference of Mayors is that they actually push to infringe on law-abiding citizens' rights while claiming that it is consistent with the Second Amendment
–Fox News “They interpreted the law in my case to say it was criminal,” Saucier told Fox News, referring to prosecuting authorities in his case, “but they didn’t prosecute Hillary Clinton
In fact, the coroner claims that he still has to “finalize” the report despite the fact the autopsy was conducted Las Vegas Massacre Coverup: Clark County Coroner Releases 58 Autopsy Reports With All Names Redacted, No Ballistics, And No Stephen Paddock Autopsy
The worst of sins are Infidelity ( Kufr) and Polytheism ( shirk) which constitute rebellion against Allah, The Creator To eradicate these, Muslims are required to wage war until there exists none of it in the world, and the only religion is that of Allah
This news will likely be well received by the Jean family as well as the activists who have been calling for justice for Botham since the beginning As TFTP previously reported, the idea of not firing Guyger seemed utterly preposterous as she admitted to doing something wrong
But in the face of this naked ploy to bork Kavanaugh and derail the confirmation process for partisan advantage, the Republicans seem to be reverting to their customary preemptive cringe All the Dems have to do is squeal “sexism” and Republicans start negotiating and offering concessions
This declassification effort won’t make things any worse than they are for President Trump It may even prove a political masterstroke of sorts for Trump
For heaven’s sake, the men who govern the Church today require a Vatican summit meeting to agonize over whether serial child molesters should be defrocked From the Vatican on down, through deliberate decisions and criminal neglect, the servitors of Vatican II have laid waste to the liturgy, the perennial clarity of Catholic teaching, the Church’s militant opposition to worldly thinking, the traditional formation in seminaries, the religious orders, the missions, the trust of the faithful in their own priests—in short, the very life of the Church—and dare to call it a renewal
Nobody has been able to refute the publication And so, we have (I am confident) a mutation in the church by the Council and by the reform after the Council
But to see the partisans of the defeated candidate (and a particularly obnoxious defeated candidate) manipulate the security services and the media to create an entirely false public perception, in order to attempt to overturn the result of the US Presidential election, is the most astonishing thing I have witnessed in my lifetime Plainly the government of Ecuador is releasing lies about Assange to curry favour with the security establishment of the USA and UK, and to damage Assange’s support prior to expelling him from the Embassy
To call it anything else would be deceitful and would only ignore the problem further There has been a great deal of effort to keep separate acts which fall under the category of now-culturally-acceptable acts of homosexuality from the publically-deplorable acts of pedophilia
Signaling furiously with the trendy FrancisChurch buzzwords and even trendier blithering incoherence, Muller writes that “mitigating factors in guilt,” can lead, couples in “an uncertain marital situation” through a “path of repentance” – always “accompanied” by an exquisitely sensitive confessor – to a point where the reception of Communion is no longer sinful Presumably because adultery itself is no longer sinful
And the most powerful Democrats continue to protect jihad-treason The Democrat leadership collusion with Muslim spies is the biggest story of treason and espionage in the recent memory
Mariawald was consequently affiliated, in the manner this document describes, with a liberal house in the Netherlands whose superior, unsurprisingly, discovered that the house was hopelessly divided and could not be saved What would make forced affiliation a truly devastating weapon against conservative or traditional communities is the proviso that an affiliated monastery may not form its own novices:
As for the new things which we can find in this message today, there is also the fact that attacks on the Pope and the Church come not only from without, but the sufferings of the Church come precisely from within the Church, from the sin existing within the Church This too is something that we have always known, but today we are seeing it in a really terrifying way: that the greatest persecution of the Church comes not from her enemies without, but arises from sin within the Church, and that the Church thus has a deep need to relearn penance, to accept purification, to learn forgiveness on the one hand, but also the need for justice
The Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence has filed a Freedom of Information Act request to find out how this senseless decision was reached, and whether groups such as the National Rifle Association were involved It, along with Everytown for Gun Safety and Giffords Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence, tried unsuccessfully Friday to get a federal court in Texas to block what it called a “troubling” and “dangerous” settlement
Some four months before Archbishop Viganò’s testimony Cardinal Willem Jacobus Eijk, the Archbishop of Utrecht, Netherlands, perhaps the most liberal territory in the entire Church, protested that Bergoglio’s blatant nod to intercommunion with Protestants in Germany means that “the bishops and, above all, the Successor of Peter fail to maintain and transmit faithfully and in unity the deposit of faith contained in Sacred Tradition and Sacred Scripture” and that the situation reminds him of Article 675 of the Catechism of the Catholic Church, which refers to the Church’s “final trial” before the Second Coming, “that will shake the faith of many believers… [a] ‘mystery of iniquity’ in the form of a religious deception offering men an apparent solution to their problems at the price of apostasy from the truth What can the Church do when confronted by a Pope who, as a prominent cardinal declares to the whole world, “fail[s] to maintain and transmit faithfully … the deposit of faith contained in Sacred Tradition and Sacred Scripture” and is leading “an apostasy from the truth”?
J Street "Kapos" May Un-Endorse Dem Rep Over "Jewish Question" Anti-Israel activist group J Street was very outraged when its leaders were described as "Kapos"
A hat signed by @realDonaldTrump,” Joe Gallow wrote on Twitter #Update: Teen who made national news after having #MAGA hat stolen at a San Antonio fast food restaurant just got this in the mail
Later as a member of a secret presidential committee, I saw how the CIA attempted to prevent President Reagan from ending the Cold War Today, right now, at this moment, we are faced with a massive effort of the military/security complex, the neoconservatives, the Democratic Party, and the presstitute media to discredit the elected President of the United States and to overthrow him in order that the utterly corrupt elite that rule American can continue to hold on to power and to protect the massive budget of the military/security complex that, along with the Israel Lobby, funds the elections of those who rule us
Gym is Trenton Tolliver’s favorite class But the 7-year-old is also a huge fan of the weekly Bible course at Princeton Primary, his public elementary school
And I know that very well But I think that the devil is in Rome, as was said by our Lady of Fatima and Our Lady of La Salette
The February mass shooting at a high school in Parkland, Florida prompted many parents to consider homeschooling This is hardly surprising, as the misnamed federal “Gun-Free Schools” law leaves schoolchildren defenseless against mass shooters
They are not learning theology, not philosophy, not anything They learn nothing now
We will soon know if the Cardinal can be bought so easily But this move demonstrates—if more evidence were needed—that Bergoglio has never been the humble apostle of mercy depicted in his carefully crafted public relations narrative, but rather a cunning ecclesiastical politician, constantly plotting and scheming to get what he wants
“Termination, now it’s the member’s responsibility … We can revoke everything but they could still be employed,” he said He added that his office should have the authority to override members who would want to keep a rule-breaker on the government network
We are, therefore, reprinting below Frontpage editor Jamie Glazov’s July 12, 2016 Breitbart article, "9 Steps to Successfully Counter Jihad" Having written the article in the closing chapter of the disastrous Obama administration, the author recognizes and celebrates the life-saving turn-around disposition that the Trump administration has brought in to counter Jihad
You don't drain the swamp by appointing the swamp And Powell is one of the worst swamp creatures in D
“There were a lot of us in the run-up to Sept  11 who had seen warning signs that something devastating might be in the planning stages
 Code § 793(f) for a finding of criminal conduct Comey’s substitution of a legally meaningless phrase, “extremely careless,” for the “gross negligence” statutory legal standard he had originally used, had the effect of prejudging the facts in Hillary Clinton’s favor
" He also said that Soros has "ruined" millions of lives via his "mafia network
Yet, you do not see any warfare or opposition around them and why? because they have simply forsaken the cross
“He never even told me that he owned a gun,” continued the shooter’s neighbor, adding that Paddock did not express any religious or political opinions during their conversations “I’m not a big conspiracy theory guy, but it don’t sit right,” said Rick, before making the extraordinary claim that the whole shooting was a “set up” and that Paddock’s body may have been left in the hotel room while other assailants carried out the shooting
However, unlike government schools, my curriculum never puts ideological indoctrination ahead of education While government schools — and even many private schools — pretend religion played no significant role in history, my curriculum addresses the crucial role religion played in the development of Western civilization
That's not unique Selecting the Jews, based on race, for extermination is more of the reason why the term Nazi is not a positive one
" The president slammed Avenatti
It is very good that you are doing this, Dennis, because even in the media outside the mainstream, there is this silence about Julian The streets outside the embassy are virtually empty, whereas they should be full of people saying that we are with you
Bishops and priests, abusing their authority, have committed horrendous crimes to the detriment of their faithful, minors, innocent victims, and young men eager to offer their lives to the Church, or by their silence have not prevented that such crimes continue to be perpetrated To restore the beauty of holiness to the face of the Bride of Christ, which is terribly disfigured by so many abominable crimes, and if we truly want to free the Church from the fetid swamp into which she has fallen, we must have the courage to tear down the culture of secrecy and publicly confess the truths we have kept hidden
Is it simply that we have moved so far away from the ancient Faith that we no longer have a realistic notion of the Faith ourselves to make a comparison, to make an objective judgement? The “progressive” destroyer of Ottaviani inheriting his office and the epithet “arch-conservative”…
Those “reforms” included abandonment of the Vatican’s strict pre-conciliar instruction (1961) that “advancement to religious vows and ordination should be barred to those who are afflicted with evil tendencies to homosexuality or pederasty, since for them the common life and the priestly ministry would constitute serious dangers ” Today, neo-Catholic commentators, cowed by the demands of political correctness, refuse to state the simple truth that homosexuality is a perversion that precludes ordination as does any other grave psychological disorder
" Acosta ignorantly blathered on to reporters when he returned to the White House Friday after the court ruling, incorrectly claiming he won a great First Amendment victory
What Happens After Islamic Conquest? Constantinople fell to the warriors of jihad on May 29, 1453
There are plenty of these people who are simply happy to have a place to live after many were driven from their homes due to the US, Russia and other countries putting their noses where they didn't belong and funding, training and arming Islamic jihadis there Then, there are those who clearly come to the country to Islamasize the country because they have an Islamic dominionist attitude borne of the teachings of the Koran and Muhammad 
Eight Hundred Thousand Disclosures on Russia JP: What happened to Sanders and the way that he was rolled by the Clinton organization, everybody knows that this is the story
99 (as of 09:20 EDT - Details) There the Cardinal stayed cooped up for the next 15 years
Habib Powell has been described as the Republican Huma Abedin And she was quoted as saying that Abedin “feels a deep responsibility to encourage more mutual understanding between her beliefs and culture and American culture
[Editors' note: To best understand why Facebook would ban Jamie Glazov on 9/11 for his article on how to best prevent more 9/11s, pre-order Jamie's new book, Jihadist Psychopath: How He Is Charming, Seducing, and Devouring Us: HERE The book illustrates how the Jihadist Psychopath has successfully built his totalitarian plantation -- on which many in the West are now enslaved and dutifully following his orders
The two men Ford named as possible witnesses to the assault have contradicter her claims under oath And the accused Judge Kavanaugh also under oath vehemently denies the charges
In his speech, he encouraged those listening that they were not alone, and said the gathering of the people was meant to be a voice to the UK government to "Free Tommy Robinson!" Batten echoed that sentiment saying, “Tommy Robinson is a political prisoner
Emergency screening has begun at the Kenya-Uganda border in Turkana after all three members of the same family died of the disease in Uganda Health workers have been asked to work with communities to stop the deadly Marburg outbreak from devastating communities in the rural region
It was repulsive display leftist-fascist bigotry at its worst The bigoted BDS provocateurs applauded as Lew and the other two board members were removed from their posts
” The education campaign must also focus on the second part of Gorka’s counter-propaganda campaign, which is to help strengthen Muslims who seek to seize Islam from the jihadists’ hands
” SMITH: “You whip ’em up
The Seychelles is currently putting anyone traveling from Madagascar into quarantine on arrival as a precaution The outbreak has been fueled by performing the ancient practice of Famadihana
The rainy season poses a threat to the containment of the plague because outbreaks of this magnitude often seem to be seasonal The Foreign Office recently warned that the deadly outbreak is entering its most dangerous phase
S  State Department has remained all but silent on the issue as well, other than to characterize their suspicion as unknown “sonic attacks” targeted U
Or were at least being incredibly obtuse and belligerent Was Trump involved in this intrigue?
’” That's what Columbia snowflakes thought was offensive
On Wednesday, Bishop Ronald Gainer of the Catholic diocese of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, ordered that the names of all previous Harrisburg bishops from the past seven decades be removed from church buildings and rooms, because they collectively failed to protect children from dozens of predators priests and other Catholic leaders No other Catholic prelate has conducted such a blanket purge of his predecessors' legacies, The New York Times reports
Attorney David Wohl told Fox News that with negligent discharge of a firearm, the defendant’s action met every standard for involuntary manslaughter The verdict, Wohl said, was “an utter and complete and total failure by the prosecutor
It's okay Getting really excited about Jews is a common problem among Muslim settlers in France
co/VamIGa1A8w — Edward Snowden (@Snowden) March 13, 2018 “Interesting: The new CIA Director Haspel, who ‘tortured some folks,’ probably can’t travel to the EU to meet other spy chiefs without facing arrest due to an @ECCHRBerlin complaint to Germany’s federal prosecutor,” tweeted Snowden
Previously only voluntary and consultative, federations will now have the power to supervise and guide the formation of candidates, nuns and of their formators, as well as possess broad powers over temporal goods of individual monasteries and powers of suppression The document makes it inarguable that the federation’s main role will be to establish and monitor for conformity to a particular programme – the “intense and fruitful path” of the Church since 1965 – both within the various orders and between them:
Kuwaiti cleric Sheikh Jihad Al-‘Ayesh delivered a speech in which he said that the figure of six million Jews killed in the Holocaust was a “historical lie,” but that Hitler “knew the truth about the Jews” and therefore began “tormenting and persecuting them ” “The Jews were banished, tortured and annihilated because of their deeds
They are all related The Russian nuclear energy is controlled from the top, from Putin
co/VamIGa1A8w — Edward Snowden (@Snowden) March 13, 2018 “Interesting: The new CIA Director Haspel, who ‘tortured some folks,’ probably can’t travel to the EU to meet other spy chiefs without facing arrest due to an @ECCHRBerlin complaint to Germany’s federal prosecutor,” tweeted Snowden
" While some don't believe that Trump's base is all that energized, it seems pretty energetic to me and attacks on conservatives on social media and in search engine results have only furthered their outrage at the establishment, both Democrat and Republican
Democrats had Kavanaugh accuser Christine Blasey Ford’s never-credible accusations of sexual abuse -- including possible attempted rape -- in hand way back in the summer They deliberately refused to bring up the allegations, as weak and ridiculous as they are, at Kavanaugh’s Senate confirmation hearings because they didn’t want to have a rational discussion
 Michael to “cast into Hell Satan and all the evil spirits who prowl about the world seeking the ruin of souls ” McCarrick and his fellow perverts in the clergy are responsible, not only for their sexual abuses, but also for chasing good men away from the priesthood
“Demeaning” the importance of doctrine Appointing bishops who “scandalize” believers with dubious “teaching and pastoral practice
Even more troubling, she “had run a secret prison in Thailand” — part of the CIA’s network of “black sites” — “where two detainees were subjected to waterboarding and other harsh techniques ” The Senate Intelligence Committee’s report on torture also detailed the central role she played in the particularly gruesome torture of detainee Abu Zubaydah
This Synod is designed to exploit the youth, like they’ve been doing for the last 60 years If it weren’t so infuriating, it would be laughable that following the McCarrick scandal of sexual predation of young males and seminarians, by a Cardinal, and covered up by Bishops, the Catholic Church would host a Synod of Bishops on the topic of young people and vocations!
It came to light in 1997 as a result of a Freedom of Information request That was around the time that the Assassination Records Review Board, which was overseeing the mandatory release of JFK-related assassination records of the CIA and other federal agencies that had been kept secret from the American people since 1963
Why do we do this? Is it out of an earnest desire to display a misguided sense of being “pastoral?” Have we covered over the truth out of fear?
As for Ratzinger/Benedict’s procedural reforms, rumours continue to circulate that the pope intends to reverse them as well, placing competence back into the hands of the same dicastery that held it when the scandals broke in 2001 This has been denied by Greg Burke, but given Francis’s usual methods, it’s anyone’s guess who in reality is actually dealing with these cases, if anyone
co/Rg6nMJBxch — Edward Snowden (@Snowden) March 13, 2018 Glenn Greenwald, author of the above piece at The Intercept wrote, “Haspel, who will be the first woman to lead CIA, didn’t just oversee the Bush CIA’s black site but directly participated in the horrific torture of detainees
" How can he contradict himself like that and not even bat an eyelid?
“In the coming days, we will be filing a major federal lawsuit against the state of Georgia for the gross mismanagement of this election and to protect future elections from unconstitutional actions,” Abrams said, though she gave no details In the coming days, we will be filing a major federal lawsuit against the state of Georgia for the gross mismanagement of this election and to protect future elections from unconstitutional actions
That’s why the CIA targeted Guatemala for regime change and why it targeted Arbenz and other Guatemalan officials for assassination Although Arbenz was able to escape the country, the CIA’s regime-change operation was a total success, with Arbenz being replaced by the pro-U
” Orban then called out the traitors in the midst of Europe who want to push Hungary to accept Muslim invaders
Assange does not ask for special treatment The government has clear diplomatic and moral obligations to protect Australian citizens abroad from gross injustice: in Julian’s case, from a gross miscarriage of justice and the extreme danger that await him should he walk out of the Ecuadorean embassy in London unprotected
I suppose if you’re paid to fight online extremism, you’d better find it, or you’re out of a job and short of academic publication We have also the ridiculous idea that Tommy Robinson is “alt-right
 Dockery, senior pastor at First Baptist Church of Princeton “Any time God’s word can be proclaimed is beneficial and is a good thing
Why was Cardinal Mahony allowed to retire in good standing? Why a man like Weakland, the active homosexual who paid off his ex-lover, was not excommunicated?
 government not treason? Other Presidents have been incompetent, corrupt, dishonest, but which has committed treason on a scale to rival the treason of Barack Obama?
More Independent Media To Be Shut Down The very word “secrecy” is repugnant in a free and open society; and we are as a people inherently and historically opposed to secret societies, to secret oaths and to secret proceedings
The CJC is a human rights and pro-national security group that is dedicated to protecting America and the West from Jihad -- and Muslim and non-Muslim people from Sharia oppression The question remains: why would Facebook remove such a page, let alone in such a fascistic manner -- and never explain why?
Since our founders clearly said that our rights come from our Creator, and the Second Amendment acknowledges that the "right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed," I truly wonder where he gets this idea the state has a right to do just that, infringe on the rights of the people by regulating firearms he is reading something into it that is simply not there, but that's a Communist ideology you are seeing there, not an American one
Personally, I trust very, very few politicians no matter the party that they claim So, when a bunch of well-documented liars come out with yet another sexual assault allegation against a Trump appointee, let’s just say I’m skeptical and here’s why:
We must never underestimate the crippling effect of comedy on the totalitarian Mullahs of the world Indeed, the contemptuous, snickering and roaring laughter of people, as they gaze at the pathetic rules and lives of Sharia’s gatekeepers, poses a danger to tyrants like no other
) ADVANTAGE IMMIGRANTS
 Ashok Chopra, a professor of microbiology and immunology at the University of Texas, told The Sun Online the crisis in Madagascar had yet to peak He also sounded the alarm to neighboring countries
It’s noteworthy that AP would carry this story at all; certainly, neither AP nor the rest of the establishment media is ever so solicitous of those whom they smear as “anti-Muslim” to allow us to tell our side of the story But the imam Siraj Wahhaj is here engaging in some “war is deceit” action
“Democratic staff was invited to participate and could have asked any questions they wanted to, but they declined Which leads me then to wonder: If they're really concerned with going to the truth, why wouldn't you want to talk to the accused?”
Kavanaugh even responded by pointing out that even her friends said they don't recall such an incident and had literally hundreds of people commend his character as the direct opposite of what Ford claims As I've said before, I don't support Kavanaugh's appointment to the Supreme Court on the grounds of lack of constitutional rulings, but that attack on him was orchestrated, it was political and Ford was a part of it
Smith says that “the rules in Florida are f***ed up” and that Florida is a “cracker state,” explaining that the Florida legislature has to become racially black for Gillum’s agenda to advance “Whip up” the poor into a “frenzy in order for them to vote
 Immigration and Nationality Act ICE deportation officers carry out targeted enforcement operations daily nationwide as part of the agency’s ongoing efforts to protect the nation, uphold public safety, and protect the integrity of our immigration laws and border controls
We respectfully ask President Trump to pardon Dwight and Steven Hammond I completely agree with that assessment and fully support President Trump pardoning these men
These are those that sit behind the status of some sort of church or political leader of the pack Yet, you do not see any warfare or opposition around them and why?
On Friday, The Washington Post reported that Democratic chairs of six different House committees investigating Trump and his allies are planning on asking the FBI, Department of Justice, and White House to preserve records provided to Mueller and his investigators President Trump himself appears to realize that the end is nowhere near
Inspector General Horowitz again emphasized form and process over substance in finding a “troubling lack of any direct, substantive communication” between Comey and Attorney General Lynch ahead of Comey’s July 5 press conference on Clinton and his October 28 letter to Congress Attorney General Lynch’s infamous tarmac meeting with Bill Clinton was discussed in the report, but mostly in the context of how it affected Comey’s decision to go rogue, so to speak, in making his July 5th announcement without prior approval from the Justice Department
In those capacities he had access to documents and witnesses that corroborate his own firsthand testimony With Viganò’s testimony, the widespread homosexual infiltration of the post-Vatican II hierarchy, from the top on down, now emerges mountainously into view, never to be buried again
But the real irony here is that the media labeled Paul Joseph Watson and Infowars as "conspiracy theorists" and yet, PJW has exposed their blatant conspiracy to smear President Trump, Sarah Sanders and the White House aide And Jim Acosta believes he and CNN deal with facts and Infowars doesn't
The country’s health chief Willy Randriamarotia said: “If a person dies of pneumonic plague and is then interred in a tomb that is subsequently opened for a Famadihana, the bacteria can still be transmitted and contaminate whoever handles the body ” The tradition has been banned since the outbreak began, but it is feared ceremonies have taken place regardless as local continue to balk that their rituals have contributed to the outbreak
The silence of what used to be the noble profession of journalism is deafening John Pilger — one of the few journalists to speak out on Julian Assange’s behalf, labels journalists who fail to stand in solidarity with Assange in exposing the behavior of the Establishment, “Vichy journalists — after the Vichy government that served ad enabled the German occupation of France
Schaaf said she issued the alert after receiving confidential tips from “credible sources,” and conferring with attorneys to make sure she wasn’t opening herself up to federal prosecution The mayor’s move endangered ICE officers and alerted their targets, Homan asserted, “making clear that this reckless decision was based on her political agenda
” Smith says that in order to get voters on board with Gillum’s fairy tale platform, the campaign must “whip” lower income individuals “into a frenzy
Don't "Blame The Police Officer" Who Admitted Killing Botham Jean? Dallas, TX — In a repugnant and outright disrespectful move, Texas Senator Ted Cruz went to bat for Amber Guyger, the cop who admitted to taking the life of the innocent 26-year-old pillar of society, Botham Jean
The dhimmi’s payment of his dues by a bill drawn on a Muslim, or by delegating a real believer to pay it in his name will not be tolerated It must be exacted from him directly in order to vilify and humiliate him, so that Islam and its people may be exalted and the race of infidels brought low
Perhaps these European leaders should remember their own history Appeasement through phony deals with a rogue dictatorship does not work, as proven by the infamous Munich Pact signed by British and French Prime Ministers Neville Chamberlain and Edouard Daladier with German Chancellor Adolf Hitler seventy-nine years ago
The records released by DOS, which is part of Gov Rick Scott’s administration, point the finger at the Florida Democratic Party
 Bob Corker is another summertime soldier calling on colleagues to stand and fight Trump while he retires to Tennessee It's no wonder the establishment is viewed with such derision
Ambassador Haley proceeded to list various violations by the Iranian regime of Security Council resolutions pertaining to the transfer of conventional weapons from Iran and the arming of terrorist groups, including the Houthi rebels in Yemen and Hezbollah She also pointed to what she called the Iranian regime’s “most threatening act” – its launch of ballistic missiles capable of carrying nuclear weapons
One hopes the rumor mill is wrong Longtime Geller Report readers have suffered Powell for well over a decade
There is nothing about these stories that is okay These actions, committed by more than a few, can only be classified as evil, evil that cries out for justice and sin that must be cast out from our Church
The aides named are Imran Awan, his wife Hina Alvi, his brothers Abid and Jamal, and his friend Rao Abbas, Pakistani-born aides Now we hear the father of Muslim spy ring Imran Awan transferred a USB drive to a Pakistani senator and former head of a Pakistani intelligence agency
Sadly, many of Judge Kavanaugh’s haters have thrown that rule aside If Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination is pulled as a result of the smears and character assassination, President Trump should immediately nominate someone on his short list such as Amy Coney Barrett and the Senate Republican majority should then push through the new nominee’s confirmation as soon as possible
Trump then called on Congress to correct the problems created by legislation with more legislation “The laws are obsolete, the laws are horrible, having to do with the border, both in terms of security and in terms of taking care of people,” he said
Orban has taken a tough stance in Hungary He has ordered all illegal Muslim invaders to get out of Hungary and never come back
Her accusation will not be proved true or false We will learn nothing about Kavanaugh that makes him any less eminently qualified for the Supreme Court, nothing that can add to the thousands of pages of documents already presented to the Committee, or the hundreds of hours of the judge’s testimony before rabid partisans and office-seekers
The way to gauge those who are actually taking ground for the kingdom is to see who is in the midst of a continuous warfare (always in trouble, slandered, lied about, defamed etc) fighting the good fight of faith because they trust in the living God (Matthew 11:12; 1 Timothy 6:12) John Calvin said, “Whomsoever the Lord has adopted and deemed worthy of His fellowship ought to prepare themselves for a hard, toilsome and unquiet life, crammed with very many and various kinds of evil
Mr Cruz sent the text of his letter (written in Spanish) to BBC News, showing it was addressed personally to Pope Francis and dated 3 March 2015 That was more than two weeks before the bishop's ordination in the south Chilean city of Osorno, an event dramatically disrupted by hundreds of protesters accusing Bishop Barros of covering up Karadima's sex attacks on young boys
Saturday, Israel launched new air strikes against gun positions in Syria in retaliation for shells fired into the Golan Heights Damascus claims that Israel's "terrorist" allies inside Syria fired the shells, to give the IDF an excuse to attack
Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer Imam Whose Son Was Training School Shooters Blasts Reporters On New Mexico Compound: “They Hate Islam”
This is the same Farrakhan with whom then-Sen  Barack Obama took a photo at a 2005 Congressional Black Caucus meeting, a photo that was subsequently suppressed in order to protect Obama's political future
France Gives Muslim Killer of Elderly Jewish Woman a Pass Every other Muslim terrorist or killer in Europe has his actions blamed on mental illness or drug use
Yesterday's New York Times recognized Trump's triumph: "Despite the fervor of President Trump's Republican opponents, the president's brand of hard-edged nationalism—with its gut-level cultural appeals and hard lines on trade and immigration—is taking root within his adopted party
Grown-ups know all that and don’t have to be reminded every time the subject arises The Dems know that most Republicans come to this conflict with the huge disadvantage that results from accepting your opponent’s dubious ideology and dishonest narrative
But it gets worse than this When a “leftist” pope pressing a secularist agenda on the Church starts to lose the support of Michael Sean Winters and the National Catholic Reporter, he must know he’s in trouble
Ms Geller, of the Atlas Shrugs blog, and Mr Spencer, of Jihad Watch, are also co-founders of the American Freedom Defense Initiative, best known for a pro-Israel "Defeat Jihad" poster campaign on the New York subway On both of their blogs the pair called their bans from entering the UK "a striking blow against freedom" and said the "the nation that gave the world the Magna Carta is dead"
In a detailed menu, the White House said the men were served Häagen-Dazs vanilla ice cream for dessert Other unforeseen events also surrounded the summit, increasing the drama
” Hungarian Prime Minister: ‘Christianity is Europe’s last hope’
Israel is too cowardly to try it a third time, and is relying on the stupid Americans to do the job for them The entire world looks at America and Israel, and what does the world see?
Fox News notes that ICE officials are asking the Department of Justice to look into whether she broke any laws by doing so ICE reports that 864 illegal immigrants with criminal convictions and other public safety threats "remain at large" in the area -- an indeterminate number of whom may have been tipped off by a Democrat mayor who betrayed the law-abiding citizens of Northern California
Erdogan later complained that the interior walls had been repainted in recent days On his flight from Riyadh to Ankara, Pompeo reiterated his confidence that the Saudi government would conduct a “thorough, complete, and transparent investigation,” adding that they will “show the entire world” the results
The book is “The Meaning of THE HOLY QUR’AN,” a version of the Quran that was banned by the Los Angeles public school system, in February 2002, for containing numerous anti-Semitic commentaries In it, Jews are described as: “arrogant,” “jealous,” “selfish,” “spiteful,” “greedy,” “cursed,” “apes and swine,” and “under divine displeasure
Several more similar cases, all of whom were rebuffed in their attempts to meet with Bergoglio, are detailed here, for the strong-of-stomach A virtuoso performance-liar
The Eerie Silence In a recent communication between Randy Credico, an Assange supporter, comic and radio producer, and Adam Schiff, the ranking member on the House Judiciary Committee, Assange’s fear of arrest and extradition to the US was confirmed by the leader of the Russia-gate frenzy
Popular at home but increasingly at odds politically and economically with mainstream European Union peers, Orban has thrived on external controversy, including repeated clashes with Brussels and lately the United Nations Those conflicts, mostly centred on migration since people fleeing war and poverty in the Middle East and Africa flooded into Europe in 2015, have intensified as the elections approach and Orban poses as a saviour of Europe's Christian nations
The files are in the public domain -- you cannot take them back," Wilson told CBS Gun control groups nevertheless were relieved by the judge's decision, with the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence calling 3D-printed firearms "nothing short of a menace to society
Here’s proof, from Australia The (generally libertarian) Institute of Public Affairs (IPA) last week released a major report, The Rise of Identity Politics: An Audit of History Teaching at Australian Universities in 2017 PDF ] by Dr Bella d’Abrera [ Email her ] (PhD in History, University of Cambridge,)
Dr  Manitra Rakotoarivony, Madagascar’s director of health promotion, said: “Normally, people who catch the plague live in poor areas, but people in every place in society are catching the disease
“We’ve seen no evidence of a terrorist attack, and I will ask with all due respect, congressman, unless have you specific evidence to back that up, it seems a bit irresponsible to make that allegation so, if you do, or make that assertion, if do you have any evidence of that, I’m asking you right now to share it with us and tell us what that is My clients… victims, all 22,000 people have been waiting and waiting and waiting for evidence
” The fight isn't hopeless for those whose hope is in the Lord and will stay the course
It did not allow Iranian parties to open accounts or correspondent accounts at US banks It did not allow Iran to send funds to the US or receive funds from the US
" Acosta ignorantly blathered on to reporters when he returned to the White House Friday after the court ruling, incorrectly claiming he won a great First Amendment victory
The critical miscalculation, Murillo wrote in a stunning admission in the email, was that Latino voters backed Trump by higher margins than any experts had forecast in the lead-up to the election Trump’s 29 percent among Hispanics nationally blew prognosticators away, and he hit even higher numbers—about 31 percent—in the key battleground state of Florida, Murillo admitted
Peradventure there be fifty righteous within the city: wilt thou also destroy and not spare the place for the fifty righteous that are therein? That be far from thee to do after this manner, to slay the righteous with the wicked: and that the righteous should be as the wicked, that be far from thee: Shall not the Judge of all the earth do right?
Even aside from its decade-long campaign against Assange, the Guardian is far from “solid and reliable”, as Greenwald claims It has been at the forefront of the relentless, and unhinged, attacks on Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn for prioritising the rights of Palestinians over Israel’s right to continue its belligerent occupation
This argument is absurd on its face The whole point is to prevent Iran from becoming the next North Korea, not to kick the can down the road as usual
But perhaps in hindsight, we are ready to examine the full implications of his little speech, one that was clearly well-rehearsed (Don’t forget, no question is asked in a papal interview without being thoroughly vetted ahead of time
Illegal aliens get only one hearing and one set of appeals to deportation They don't get another new and illegal set of hearings and appeals just because some minor kritarch wants something
Even if the attempt is void and of no effect before man and God—an immoral law is no law at all—Francis clearly means to impose his will by fiat, daring invoke the “authentic Magisterium” to cloak his absurd novelties No Pope before him has ever dared to do such a thing
However, upon learning of his behavior the local Green Party told the media that Jimenez had been cut off from the party for his uncalled for attack on a child “We all have different opinions of our president, but we don’t take it out on innocent kids who just happen to have a hat on,” Gavino Zarate, secretary of the Harris County Green Party told Heavy
Article posted with permission from The Free Thought Project Dallas Police Attempt to ‘Smear’ Botham Jean Over Tiny Bit of Weed and they Failed, Miserably
” Now we know what “reform the Church” looks like in the Bergoglian papacy Yes, the clever and tyrannical Bergoglio, through his manipulation of synods, footnotes, exhortations, personal phone calls, airplane pressers, and correspondence has nearly completed his task of modernizing the Roman Catholic Church in the past 5 years
Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska — whose votes will probably be needed to put Kavanaugh on the high court Both were already facing heavy pressure from abortion rights groups concerned that Kavanaugh, a staunch conservative and longtime GOP attorney, might vote to restrict access to abortion
 Ford, said in July (at roughly the same time as the letter was submitted) that she predicted a "strategy" forming to destroy Brett Kavanaugh She suggested a “strategy will emerge” to destroy Trump's nomination for the Supreme Court in a conference call with the American Constitution Society in July
4% job growth, with 440,000 more natives and 91,000 more immigrants at work A TIE 
” Gun Control Is Now Truly Impossible
People can continue to put their heads in the sand all they want to because they know "nice" Muslim people, but the fact of the matter is that the history of Islam is anything but nice, polite, just or holy  It is a totalitarian, religious/political construct that is full of oppression
The Clinton/Podesta emails, which appear to have made a number of people resentful, were published in the New York Times These emails showed the close role that Hillary Clinton and the Clinton Foundation played in support of extreme jihadism in the Middle East
The fact that Francis received the eight-page letter, obtained by the AP, challenges his insistence that he has “zero tolerance” for sex abuse and cover-ups It also calls into question his stated empathy with abuse survivors, compounding the most serious crisis of his five-year papacy
The British government, in imprisoning Tommy Robinson, has shown itself willing to incarcerate people for having opinions that it considers unacceptable That heralds the death of Britain as a free society and the beginning of an authoritarian police state there, unless this slide to totalitarianism is stopped now
” When journalists talk about Catholicism, they often speak of a man like Kasper being – as his Wikipedia page puts it – “one of the main figures of the liberal wing of the Catholic Church
She chose to compare social media use in the US to what it's like in Australia The professor, according to BuzzFeed News, failed Arnolds because "Australia is a continent; not a country," which, again, is incorrect, just so we're clear here
#Gaza #Palestine #Israel ” Challenged about this tweet much more recently, she doubled down and attacked the man who called attention to the tweet: “Drawing attention to the apartheid Israeli regime is far from hating Jews
“Homosexuality in the clergy exists and is a matter that must be addressed,” Faggioli fleetingly acknowledges toward the end of his piece, “but the abuse crisis cannot be resolved by making homosexuals within the Church the scapegoat of a scandal that has ancient roots, well before Vatican Council II ” And how does the Church “address” a massive infestation by homosexual priests and prelates without removing them from authority and ensuring that they cannot promote homosexual successors for generation after generation?
" Moreover, this report did not address whether the Department of Justice or FBI abused the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act to obtain a surveillance order against former Trump campaign advisor Carter Page, or the government’s reliance on former British intelligence agent Christopher Steele’s salacious and unverified “dossier” in its FISA court application, which the OIG is investigating separately
If our leaders were serious about stopping this from happening, they would pass a law making it mandatory that all cases of sexual harassment in Congress be made public, and that members of Congress would be personally responsible for paying out any settlements If such a law was instituted, I guarantee you that sexual harassment on Capitol Hill would come to a screeching halt
Fr Hunwicke wrote this afternoon, “This cheap and vulgar ritual humiliation exemplifies the extent to which P[ope] F[rancis] is presiding over a bully-boy Church in which midget bishops and minicardinals compete to defeat each other in the sycophancy stakes
 national-security regime-change operation on November 22, 1963 That’s what the mainstream media, forever wedded to the official story no matter how ridiculous and illogical it is, simply cannot bring themselves to confront
@Theresa_May, don’t focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom We are doing just fine!
What Israel is doing by attempting to use US military force against Iran is unifying a new alliance that is too powerful for the Washington/Israeli alliance Russia, China, Syria, Turkey, Iran, India, and Pakistan are the locations of populations that massively outnumber Washington’s empire
Archbishop Jeanbart was not the first to say this “Why, we ask the western world, why not raise one’s voice over so much ferocity and injustice?” asked Cardinal Angelo Bagnasco, the head of the Italian Bishops Conference (CEI)
” Even more ominous than having to verify the address is the fact that according to witnesses, Guyger’s story of inserting the key into Jean’s door and it opening up was simply not true
” Was Pope John Paul THE GREAT an intolerant homophobe?
Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf claims to fight for women Except when she's fighting for their rapists instead
In his 2005 book Memory and Identity, John Paul referred to homosexuality as an “ideology of evil,” insisting of so-called 'gay marriage' that: “It is legitimate and necessary to ask oneself if this is not perhaps part of a new ideology of evil, perhaps more insidious and hidden, which attempts to pit human rights against the family and man
campaign and leveraged our social media influencer friends’ reach to hit over 11M impressions with that hashtag We hosted an event with over 200 people and a hangout with social media influencers about the power of the Latino vote and the new research Nielsen published about the Latino electorate
The ability to build an untraceable, unregistered gun is definitely a game changer It's difficult to see how "ghost guns" could ever be regulated by the government
” There was some implication that he didn’t feel up to international travel anymore, so couldn’t make it to World Youth Day and similar events The trivialising of the resignation seemed to go hand in hand with the modern concept of the pope-as-pop-star, something we had thought Benedict was too serious a man, too serious a Catholic, to believe himself
The four page email begins with Murillo claiming she and others at Google were engaged in non-partisan activities not designed to help any one candidate or another—only to undercut her own commentary in later passages in the emails by openly admitting the entire effort to boost Latino turnout using Google products with official company resources was to elect Clinton over Trump The critical miscalculation, Murillo wrote in a stunning admission in the email, was that Latino voters backed Trump by higher margins than any experts had forecast in the lead-up to the election
In Florida, the Democrats are likewise working feverishly to overturn the will of the people They are insane in their lust for power, and will destroy even our democratic system to get it
We are currently experiencing sedition at the highest levels as the military/security complex unfolds its coup against the elected president of the United States In 1961 President Dwight Eisenhower warned Americans in his last public address that the military/industrial complex was a threat to American democracy
” The replies haven’t topped out yet, at 121, nearly all of them expressing outrage at this cavalier attitude toward the revelation that Cardinal McCarrick has been proven to be a life-long homosexual rapist and sexual predator, grooming and trapping young men and children into unwanted sexual contact; and that nearly the entire episcopate of the United States either colluded directly or kept quiet about it
Moving forward we knew that there was this compound, but we had very little details about it or who was occupying it These people just kind of (sprang) up very quickly
An ex-Secret Service agent is claiming that former Vice President Joe Biden engaged in “Weinstein-level” sexual assault and that he would walk around the VP residence late at night completely naked According to Big League Politics’ Cassandra Fairbanks, a Secret Service agent who spoke on condition of anonymity revealed that Biden “would mess with every single woman or teen,” and that a Christmas get-together at the VP’s house had to be canceled “because Biden would grope all of our wives and girlfriend’s asses
To be clear, the Democratic Minority Leader of the US House of Representatives has accused Donald Trump of high treason against the United States There is no outcry against this blatantly false accusation, totally devoid of evidence
She pays an out-of-state fee of several hundred dollars, but she no longer worries about her child being taunted Deal said she joined the suit because she believes strongly in the separation of church and state
They point to the Nashville Dominicans, the Missionaries of Charity, the Poor Clares of Alabama, where there are at least habits, (some) chant, common life and common apostolates But it is these signs of refusal of the programme that have infuriated the despots of the New Paradigm who would not rest until every last individual house of religious life was co-opted, subverted to the new ideology
” To fully drive the point home, Benedict equates this kind of worship with the Israelites desert worship of the bull calf Unsurprisingly, this progressive interpretation of Catholic doctrine eventually reveals itself to be rank historicism
They can write all big and bad but when it comes to what someone else should do However, when it is time for them to put boots on the ground, they are simply missing in action (MIA)
When Arnold complained, the professor said they'd reexamine the assignment, but did not concede that Australia was a country "Australia is a continent; it is not a country
Glenn Greenwald, author of the above piece at The Intercept wrote, “Haspel, who will be the first woman to lead CIA, didn’t just oversee the Bush CIA’s black site but directly participated in the horrific torture of detainees She also participated in the particularly gruesome torture of detainee Abu Zubaydah
The British government, in imprisoning Tommy Robinson, has shown itself willing to incarcerate people for having opinions that it considers unacceptable That heralds the death of Britain as a free society and the beginning of an authoritarian police state there, unless this slide to totalitarianism is stopped now
“Why is it so easy, Theresa May, to jail Tommy Robinson, but so difficult to do anything at all about the monstrous crimes committed in the name of Islam all over this country every day? Why?” Waters asked
The social-media company has told author and commentator Jamie Glazov that their standards forbid his article about how to prevent jihadi attacks on Americans It’s all about Glazov’s new book, “Jihadist Psychopath: How He Is Charming, Seducing, and Devouring Us
Article posted with permission from The Free Thought Project Dallas Police Attempt to ‘Smear’ Botham Jean Over Tiny Bit of Weed and they Failed, Miserably
The plague is a lie,” Helene Raveloharisoa told the wire service Josephine Ralisiarisoa firmly believes the country’s cash-strapped government is just exaggerating the problem to get money ahead of an election next year
We all know it!” There are many other examples of Vichy journalism
Beyond pressuring our allies, consider these specific steps President Trump has taken against Russia: Where President Obama refused to provide serious weapons to the Ukrainians to help them defend themselves (his response was weakness on a pathetic scale), President Trump has approved the sale of offensive weapons to enable the Ukrainians to increase the cost of Russian aggression
” These are odd statements coming from Pope Francis, a world-class Islamopanderer; notice that he said nothing about who was doing the persecuting, and implied that it was the fault of powers outside the Middle East
He has to go This leftwing witch hunt has been ongoing since day one of Trump’s presidency in order to impair and impede his ability to get the job done
I repeated them to Cardinal McCarrick at my first meeting with him at the Nunciature The Cardinal, muttering in a barely comprehensible way, admitted that he had perhaps made the mistake of sleeping in the same bed with some seminarians at his beach house, but he said this as if it had no importance
“Hungary has never admitted and will never admit illegal immigrants, irrespective of whether there is any pressure in this direction along the borders or from Brussels,” Szijjártó said “The Belgian Prime Minister’s statement is also outrageous because this is the first time that people in Brussels are openly planning to push the mandatory resettlement quota through by force while totally ignoring the will of certain EU member states
com/d0fd85zLF8 — James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) November 1, 2018 “The rules in Florida are f***ed up
The second journalist to ask Francis about Barros on the flight was a Chilean woman As she spoke to the pope, her voice cracked with nervousness at questioning the church’s top leader
” I think that the mutation in the Church came in through the Second Vatican Council
But the ADL and the JTA will whitewash this again And if they can't whitewash this, they'll ignore it
” “The Jews don’t like Farrakhan, so they call me Hitler
Lashing out at Democrats, Graham said, “If you wanted an FBI investigation, you could have come to us What you want to do is destroy this guy's life, hold this seat open and hope you win in 2020
“I don’t think there is a fancy way to say that I have sinned,” he said there “It is important to me that everybody who has been hurt know that the sorrow I feel is genuine — first and most important, my family, also my friends, my staff, my Cabinet, Monica Lewinsky and her family, and the American people
The stronger NATO is, the less maneuvering room Russia has Beyond pressuring our allies, consider these specific steps President Trump has taken against Russia: Where President Obama refused to provide serious weapons to the Ukrainians to help them defend themselves (his response was weakness on a pathetic scale), President Trump has approved the sale of offensive weapons to enable the Ukrainians to increase the cost of Russian aggression
Imagine spending all that time studying Islam and yet still misunderstanding its true, peaceful message We can only hope that learned imams such as Pope Francis and H
Their lawyer argued that there was a double standard in the case because his clients were Muslims He argued that if they had been Christian and white, “we might not be here today
“We have our military on the border,” Trump said in Montana, while campaigning for the Republicans in the state ahead of next week’s midterm election “And I noticed all that beautiful barbed wire going up today, the barbed wire used properly can be a beautiful sight
This is a fact This public servant walked into an innocent man’s home and shot him dead
This papacy is awash in the prissy, pop psycho speak, jargon of accompaniment, listening, and dialogue dazzling the media with empty tropes and luring the uncatechized into its globalist mantra of one world new age religion Not surprisingly, Baldisseri never once mentions that dreaded word, dogma in the Instrumentum Laboris, but effuses about accompaniment 136 times!
Additionally, Carlson also noted during the initial broadcast of the private surveillance footage that the owner of the camera was never approached by the FBI, who have so far never seen the footage, much less investigated it While we may never know what actually happened during the Las Vegas Massacre, the fact remains that the official story has been proven, time and time again, to be absolutely false and in fact nothing more than a pathetic attempt at a cover-up
Did Christian martyrs violate God’s principles of submission to authority? Of course, not
These lessons of history should suffice to dispel the pious fable, never a teaching of the Magisterium, that every Pope is chosen by the Holy Ghost to lead the Church This theological error, which Bergoglio has exploited to the hilt, is a key element in the related error of papalotry, which elevates the person of the Pope above the office he occupies and makes of him the leader of a personality cult everyone is commanded to “love” (in the superficially emotional sense) and obey no matter what he says or does, rather than a custodian and defender of the Deposit of Faith whose lovability, personality and opinions are utterly irrelevant to the exercise and scope of his office
Even today, there is little value in opposing the threat of a closed society by imitating its arbitrary restrictions Even today, there is little value in insuring the survival of our nation if our traditions do not survive with it
Coupled with the high likelihood that this disease could spread globally by an infected traveler getting on a plane to Europe or America, health officials are now warning that the strain of plague which has already killed more than 140 Madagascar could mutate and become untreatable Professor Paul Hunter has warned that, while it would be rather easy for an advanced country to contain the disease in its current form, he fears that it could evolve into something far more dangerous
, and making Islam look good seems to be the top priority of law enforcement officials It’s sharia compliance in New Mexico
Paul contends that the Trump nominations directly contradict promises the president made on the campaign trail “I’m perplexed by the nomination of people who love the Iraq War so much that they would advocate for a war with Iran next
But Orbán’s defense of conservative values has led to breaking ties with Soros, whom he now criticizes as a foreigner meddling in his country’s affairs After Prime Minister Orbán delivered his strongly worded state of the nation speech, a UK Daily Mail report said, “Orbán has conflated the issue of immigration with the image of Soros, 87, whose name was used in a tough anti-migrant bill sent to Parliament on Wednesday
It is both shocking and surreal, which of course the Julian Assange case is as well But real journalism should be able to get through the shocking and the surreal and get to the truth
Another wrote: “Lynne White You are not a Christian, a Christian is a person who strives to be more Christ like with everything they do and I do not believe Christ would be working to shut this program down or alter it to include your worldly views
Mike Pompeo, Director of the CIA, will become our new Secretary of State He will do a fantastic job!
Sarah Lucy Halimi was thrown out of the window of the third floor Paris apartment while she begged her Muslim killer to spare her life The 66-year-old director of an Orthodox Jewish nursery was woken from her sleep when she was violently beaten by her twenty something Muslim neighbor who then dragged her to the window
"[Trump] has decided to intervene in a pending law enforcement investigation by ordering the selective release of materials he believes are helpful to his defense team and thinks will advance a false narrative," Schiff said "With respect to some of these materials, I have been previously informed by the FBI and Justice Department that they would consider their release a red line that must not be crossed as they may compromise sources and methods
” Whoever did provide that graphic footage, showing the brutality of the celebrated “surge” in Iraq, was certainly far more a patriot than the “mainstream” journalist embedded in that same Army unit He suppressed what happened in Baghdad that day, dismissed it as simply “one bad day in a surge that was filled with such days,” and then had the temerity to lavish praise on the unit in a book he called “The Good Soldiers
” I would imagine this outrageous overreach of papal authority on the Pope's part would make it ominously clear to Cardinal Burke that the time has come to issue his public correction of Pope Francis's erroneous teaching
Mark it down: Any law demanding the citizenry to surrender their AR-15 rifles would be unconstitutional, unnatural, and unbiblical And NO Christian or other free man should ever comply with such a law
At the beginning of Pope Francis’ pontificate, he had maintained his dignity, as he had shown with courage when he was Archbishop of Québec Later, however, when his work as prefect of the Congregation for Bishops was being undermined because recommendations for episcopal appointments were being passed directly to Pope Francis by two homosexual “friends” of his dicastery, bypassing the Cardinal, he gave up
Police also said they found two fired cartridge casings, a police backpack and vest, and a metal marijuana grinder—the horror Even if police did find marijuana, why on earth would they execute a search warrant on an innocent dead man’s home and then release that information to the public?
 Joseph, and Van Buren counties “This operation reflects ICE’s commitment to public safety through targeted enforcement efforts,” said Rebecca Adducci, field office director for ERO Detroit
There appears to be an ongoing pattern of behavior, and Fox News has documented some of the other incidents that have come up in the past… Franken, then a comedian, was quoted in a 1995 New York Magazine article discussing a skit for “Saturday Night Live” that involved drugging and raping CBS reporter Lesley Stahl
No, it never happened Hitler and the Nazi state knew the truth about the Jews, and therefore, they began tormenting and persecuting them
But Moon’s pleas have been largely ignored by Trump Most South Koreans shrug off the North’s threats and seek to avoid war at all costs
But the Iraqi Kurds went ahead Now they have lost Kirkuk and its oil, and their dream of independence is all but dead
One of the many things these secular reporters seem not to be paying attention to is that “no evidence” is in fact a well-rehearsed, stock response for Bergoglio He said almost exactly the same in 2013 when confronted about another predatory homosexual he was sheltering
We also know that a Broward County employee, Chelsey Smith, signed an affidavit affirming that she had seen members of Snipes' staff engaging in voter fraud She ignored a court order, mixed invalid provisional ballots in with valid ones, and destroyed ballots, but don't worry, a Democrat attorney says that doing so has nothing to do with fraud or corruption
The virus then spreads between humans by direct contact with infected blood, bodily fluids or organs, or indirectly through contact with contaminated environments Even funerals of Ebola victims can be a risk, if mourners have direct contact with the body of the deceased
The LA Times refused to release a video of the infamous Jew-hating event Obama hosted with close confidante and infamous antisemite Rashid Khalidi The media gave scant coverage to Obama’s close relationship with radical Reverend Jeremiah “God damn America) Wright who blamed the US for 9/11
” The barrage of particles may even have a minor impact on satellites A gird failure would almost immediately fling the United States into a state of panic, and it’s always good to be prepared just in case
How inconvenient that homosexual predation is bankrupting the American Church and the Instrumentum Laboris, the working document of this Vatican Synodal Agenda, embraces the relaxation of the Church teachings on homosexuality How inconvenient that the homosexual network of clergy and prelates were blasted as predators and coverup enablers in the Pennsylvania Grand Jury Report, while the Instrumentum Laboris argues that:
Yet, beneath the savagery of the uncivil war in the party lies more than personal insults and personality clashes This is a struggle about policy, about the future
To thank him for his service, Campbell was paid $51,000 by FBI officials at a 2016 celebration dinner in Chrystal City When it emerged that Campbell had evidence against the Clinton Foundation, a Yahoo News article by Michael Isikoff (of FISA warrant application fame) slammed Campbell as a "disaster" potential witness
As the outbreak worsens, some doctors are even warning that “no one is safe” from the disease The outbreak of the black plague in Madagascar has so far killed 97 people, and doctors are warning that it will be continuing to spread and worsen, meaning no one is safe
The few bishops with sufficient spine to stand up to the pressure of both Rome and their own national conferences – newly empowered with directives to make doctrinal declarations – will be ruling embattled islands of Catholicism in a poisoned sea of systematic heresy and desecration A dark, impenetrable and “irreversible” winter of persecution of the faithful by their own shepherds will fall
Meanwhile, Britain has a steadily lengthening record of admitting jihad preachers without a moment of hesitation Syed Muzaffar Shah Qadri’s preaching of hatred and jihad violence was so hardline that he was banned from preaching in Pakistan, but the UK Home Office welcomed him into Britain
Fast forward to Islam in America — New Mexico compound jihadis released on bond after charges of racism and “Islamophobia” “THEIR LAWYER ARGUED THAT THERE WAS A DOUBLE STANDARD IN THE CASE BECAUSE HIS CLIENTS WERE MUSLIMS
He was training school shooters But of course, it’s all because of journalists who supposedly hate Islam and Muslims
Irony of ironies, the latter-day Pharisees and legalists Francis sees around every corner are hard at work defending Amoris Laetitia at the very moment it is being cited by bishop after bishop as their sole authority for admitting public adulterers to Holy Communion---while Francis does nothing but approve I think you should follow your own advice about studying this matter with an open heart and mind, but above all with open eyes, for you have clearly shut them to what is going in the dioceses in the name of AL
The February mass shooting at a high school in Parkland, Florida prompted many parents to consider homeschooling This is hardly surprising, as the misnamed federal “Gun-Free Schools” law leaves schoolchildren defenseless against mass shooters
S  can be laid by strictly legal means … We have a well-organized political-action group in this country, determined to destroy our Constitution and establish a one-party state … It operates secretly, silently, continuously to transform our Government … This ruthless power-seeking elite is a disease of our century… This group … is answerable neither to the President, the Congress, nor the courts
Is it any wonder that priests and laity alike are changing their attitude on the "gay lifestyle" and violations of the Sixth Commandment when so many bishops are working to remove the stigma attached to this sin that Scripture tells us cries to heaven for vengeance? The Catholic Church's new-found "climate of tolerance" is exactly what McCarrick and company are counting on!
 ) With the hindsight of 52 years and a great deal of very dirty and unappealing water under the Catholic bridge, we can see it as a kind of warning prophecy
We’ll all be waiting with bated breath Trump To Sessions In Series Of Tweets: ‘Stop The Rigged Witch Hunt NOW!’
Kavanaugh “has no qualms about applying decades-old case law to the digital age, and he has endorsed the idea of a “counterterrorism exception” to the Fourth Amendment’s warrant requirement,” said Liza Goitein, co-director of the Brennan Center for Justice’s Liberty and National Security Program While the left is calling for Kavanaugh to be executed over the sex abuse allegations and the right is attacking the alleged victims, others in Congress who see through the facade and media distraction are trying to draw attention to the fact that Kavanaugh is a champion of the police and surveillance state and an enemy to privacy
More UK Sharia: Firefighter Suspended For Supporting Tommy Robinson No one can say this is not what this is
However, other parts of the planet heated up, including Alaska and Greenland, to far above their normal highs This temporary shakeup of temperatures could happen again, though the researchers say it will have very little effect on the overall global warming trend that mankind has created for itself
After the Trumpian revolt, there is no going back As that most American of writers, Thomas Wolfe, put it, "You can't go home again
 bishops would jump at the opportunity to issue statements reaffirming the Church's clear teaching against all sins of the flesh, homo- and heterosexual Again, God bless Archbishop Hebda for this welcome statement, and may God grant him the courage now to finish the task by publicly reassuring the scandalized faithful that it’s not just abuse of minors or sexual harassment that’s going on here
I have just received a document that was issued privately summarising the findings of a meeting of federated Discalced Carmelite nuns in Europe in 2009 The numbers are absolutely dismal
Of that book, no less than Robert Royal—signaling growing alarm over the Bergoglian Debacle in the Catholic mainstream— has written : “About 90 percent of it is simply incontrovertible, and cannot help but clarify who Francis is and what he’s about ” And the picture that emerges in stark relief in The Dictator Pope, as Life Site News reports , is that of “a power-hungry, manipulative dictator, [who] celebrated the abdication of Benedict XVI” because he knew what it meant: that the plan to give him the Keys of Peter in 2005 would finally come to fruition in 2013
Tommy Robinson is in prison today because he violated a court order demanding that he not film videos outside the trials of Muslim rape gangs Clearly the government’s intent was to make sure that as few people as possible discovered the truth about its massive, years-long cover-up of those rape gangs, and refusal to prosecute the perpetrators
What was the GOP establishment's reply to the opposition to amnesty for illegals and calls for a moratorium on legal immigration, to assimilate the tens of millions already here? To call them nativists and parade their moral superiority
Seems he is more than willing to use the police to shield him from the press who will confront him publicly while taking the side of their murderers for political gain Shame on you, Hakim Muhammad!
 Pius X in the States during the unprecedented crisis Blessed Pope Paul had helped unleash on the Church I’m posting the address here because I'm convinced the Archbishop’s words provide recent recruits to Tradition with vital historical context for the diabolical debacle that is the pontificate of Pope Francis
The surge of children into the US from various countries south of the border was said to be the result of economics, high crime rates, and actual threats from organized crime entities Another excuse used by the Obama government was to bring them here to find their families already in the US
His warning against making the resistance to jihad a “battle between us and the entire religion” is odd No sane person is saying that the West should go to war with the entire Islamic world
According to Wilson, they seized control of the information Clearly, they were acting unlawfully when they did what they did
The American Medical Association (AMA) should seriously consider changing their names since they are about as anti-American as it comes in their new demands for gun confiscation measures, which include guns and ammunition confiscation, as well as universal gun registration The AMA, which should take no political position when it comes to guns, except to uphold the law which protects the God-given rights of law-abiding citizens, came out with a lengthy blog post not only calling for guns and ammunition confiscation, as well as universal gun registration but also proposals to ban the sale and possession of “all assault-type weapons, bump stocks and related devices, high-capacity magazines, and armor piercing bullets
Too bad the mainstream press has never given that manual the consideration it deserves If it did, it might not be so deferential to the deal that Trump and the CIA are about to make to continue the JFK assassination cover-up by continuing to keep some of the CIA’s decades-old JFK’s related assassination records secret from the American people
Hopefully, most will never have to find out how well another country can manage this infection A few health experts have warned that there is no threat to the UK, however, some have warned the plague outbreak will certainly spread to the region
 Trump’s withdrawal The head of Iran’s nuclear agency, Ali Akbar Salehi, said Tehran is prepared to dramatically increase its capacity for enrichment but that the work so far is limited to building a facility for assembling the centrifuges
Judging Iran by the narrow confines of the nuclear deal misses the true nature of the threat Iran must be judged in totality of its aggressive, destabilizing, and unlawful behavior
This is my advice to the White House Don't call on Jim Acosta another time for as long as he remains in the White House Press
Nevertheless, it's hard to believe that Haig's denials will dissuade the conspiracy-mongers YouTube conspiracy theorist Jake Morphonios said that for all he knows, Doug Haig didn't play a role in Paddock's massacre
” It is not the integrity of the Faith that matters but only perpetuation of the post-conciliar regime of novelty Any abandonment of the regime must be viewed as ecclesiastical treason—“Catholic Jacobinism”—if not criminal activity
” If Putin, Lavrov, the Russian government, the traitorous Russian Fifth Column—the Atlanticist Integrationists—the Chinese, the Iranians, the North Koreans think that any peace or consideration can come out of America, they are insane
Combine it with billions of Facebook and Twitter users and you can easily see the influence wielded here This is where free thought goes to die
A spokesman for Kiko declined to comment on this story A 2009 article in the Pakistani publication Dawn, headlined “Influential expat shields father from long arm of law,” said Awan’s father was facing criminal fraud charges involving a land deal, but Awan used political connections to pressure the police into targeting the alleged victims instead
The supreme penalty was imposed not only for murder, but for many other serious offenses: for adultery, rape, sodomy, kidnapping, for striking or cursing parents, for sacrificing a child to Moloch Idolatry, fortune-telling, acting as a medium, preaching apostasy or attempting in any way to entice another from the faith were also punishable by death, as was blasphemy, an offense considered so heinous that the Law specified, “He that blasphemeth the name of the Lord, dying let him die: all the multitude shall stone him, whether he be a native or a stranger” (Lev
So regardless of whether you, personally, participate, this will color popular sentiment to a massive degree It will grow the cognitive dissonance that assures people of things like “the government is your friend” and that “you don’t need to protect yourself, the police will take care of you
The timing is eerily propitious and providential based on the 5 year deadline Will the laity step up and reclaim our hijacked Catholic Church?
, and we desperately need to drain the swamp If you agree, I hope that you will support my campaign and the campaigns of other anti-establishment candidates that want to clean up the halls of Congress
The reports from each region showed that many of the provisions found in Cor orans were already in place: federations with broad powers, including financial control and combined formation courses, “religious assistant” priests appointed by the federation and overseeing individual monasteries and superiors giving up their authority to the federations Given that this was 2009, it is clear that the plans to force all contemplative monasteries in the world into this disastrous European mould were well under way long before Pope Benedict was even considering resigning
Orban specifically targeted Germany and Chancellor Angela Merkel’s ‘open-door’ policy towards asylum seekers “I’ve never understood how chaos, anarchy and illegal border crossings are viewed as something good in a country like Germany, which we view as the best example of discipline and the rule of law,” he said
Still, Trump went all-in with a new intensity on Wednesday, opening up on Mueller and his team with both barrels of his massive Twitter following ‘Russian Collusion with the Trump Campaign, one of the most successful in history, is a TOTAL HOAX,’ he wrote
They are doubling down and only after being called on it are they trying to backtrack Rich Penkoski is hardly the first to protest this egregious submission to the most vicious and brutal ideology on the face of the Earth
A Suppression of Conscience One might ask, is “unseemly sycophancy” at work among the media?
In the end, the Senate barely approved his nomination 52 to 48 on October 15, 1991 With all the mud Democrats have been slinging at Kavanaugh, he would be thrilled to be approved by a margin as wide as 52 to 48
Why wouldn’t they indict him or at least haul him before a federal grand jury to testify as to what secrets he gave the Russians? Why wouldn’t they harass, abuse, humiliate, persecute, or prosecute him, like they did to Martin Luther King, Dalton Trumbo, John Walker Lindh, Chelsea Manning, Edward Snowden, and other people they have deemed to be communists or traitors?
Hamid continued: “We, as American Muslims, shouldn’t be defined solely in our relationship to bad things that we have nothing to do with We’re also normal people who happen to be Muslim and to see us and our history in America so narrowly is plain out offensive
Last year, eight people were infected and four people died after an outbreak of the disease Ebola virus disease, formerly known as Ebola haemorrhagic fever, is a severe, often fatal illness in humans
After a monthlong backlash about that interview, largely in conservative media, Mr  Davis said in a statement to Forward on Thursday that “I reject, condemn and oppose Minister Farrakhan’s views and remarks regarding the Jewish people and the Jewish religion
A few days ago, my friend Steve Skojec, of the traditionalist/restorationist website One Peter Five, summed up the consternation of those of us who still feel a lingering affection for (the man we used to call) Pope Benedict Steve summons up in this brief post all the anger and all the crushing disappointment most of us probably still feel reluctant to express out loud:
But the Iraqi Kurds went ahead Now they have lost Kirkuk and its oil, and their dream of independence is all but dead
Smith adds that because not all Democratic voters are the same, that the Gillum campaign needs to appeal to “white guilt” to turn out the vote: SMITH: “You have to appeal to white guilt… [be]cause that’s what it is
" Senator Lindsey Graham Unleashes Firestorm At Democrat Senators For "Most Unethical Sham" Since He's Been In Politics
In this last regard, special mention should be made of the most notorious and highest in ranking case, that being the allegations of former-Cardinal Theodore McCarrick’s (oft-rumored, now very public) sexual sins, predation, and abuse of power The well-documented details of this case are disgraceful and seriously scandalous, as is any covering up of such appalling actions by other Church leaders who knew about it based on solid evidence
During the trial, former vice presidential candidate Matt Gonzalez claimed that Garcia Zarate’s background and nationality played a role in his prosecution As Gonzalez argued, “If this was a college student or Swedish kid would he be charged with murder?”
America's Immigration Voice. Ever thought that the academic discipline of history has gone to the Diversity dogs?
“It’s a hoax, beyond a witch hunt,” Trump said The documents affected involve a FISA warrant against Carter Page and text messages from disgraced ex-FBI employees Peter Strzok and Lisa Page
55 (as of 06:45 EDT - Details) In a letter to the Australian prime minister, Malcolm Turnbull, Julian’s father, John Shipton, wrote: “I ask the prime minister to do all within his power to return Julian home before Julian’s situation becomes an irreversible tragedy
The irony that a constitutionally ineligible candidate for the presidency and RINO extraordinaire, Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL), pointed out that voter fraud going on in Florida just a day after the elections probably didn't help the pressure that Snipes was facing No evidence of fraud in #FloridaElection?
So, if, for example, the committee followed the rules and agreed Friday (today) to a hearing, the soonest it could be held would be next Friday, the final business day before the Supreme Court’s new term begins Of course, lawyers are masters of delay, and social justice warrior-lawyers hoping to torpedo President Trump’s agenda have an added incentive to drag the confirmation process out as long as possible
On Facebook, many brave conservative truth-tellers continue to be censored in myriad ways; these individuals include Anni Cyrus, Bosch Fawstin, Mark Lutchman and, of course, Diamond & Silk The case of #WalkAway leader Brandon Straka is especially disturbing: he was recently banned by Facebook for the crime of announcing that he would be interviewed by Alex Jones
One hundred thousand persons were killed in Fez on that occasion, and 120,000 in Marrakesh The Jews in all [Maghreb] localities [conquered]…groaned under the heavy yoke of the Almohads; many had been killed, many others converted; none were able to appear in public as Jews
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo was pressed about the issue Wednesday during his appearance before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee “Why on earth would the Trump administration make it easier for terrorists and gunmen to produce undetectable plastic guns?” asked Sen
” Trump was, unfortunately, following the example of his two immediate predecessors when he claimed that “Ramadan reminds us of the richness Muslims add to the religious tapestry of American life,” and was severely misleading the American people
) told The Hill “It is hard to fathom how such a transaction could have been approved without the existence of the underlying corruption being disclosed
Most importantly, as Sebastian Gorka urges in Defeating Jihad: The Winnable War, the government needs to lay down a vision, an actual “threat doctrine analysis” in a thorough document, just like George Kennan’s Long Telegram and NSC-68 did in laying out the strategic foundation to fighting communism in the Cold War It is absolutely mind-boggling that nothing of this sort exists today in our terror war — and it is a reflection of the Left being in charge and of the destructive defeat that it is sowing
 Bush and John McCain celebrated for their denunciations of Trumpism Yet no two people are more responsible for the blunders of the post-Cold War era than McCain and Bush
It would be untrue to state that I had never heard any allegations about Cardinal McCarrick Years before I ever lived in Newark, and never imagining that I would be assigned there, I had indeed read — as a somewhat geeky ex-lawyer — an allegation about Cardinal McCarrick in the context of a 2005 lawsuit in the Southern District of New York against Archbishop Myers, Cardinal Eagan, Bishop Hubbard and the Irish Christian Brothers
The pneumonic plague has already infected 2,000 in Madagascar and killed 143 in the country’s worst outbreak in 50 years But health officials are now warning the deadly bacteria could mutate and become untreatable as it spreads across the globe
“You voted NOT GUILTY on both counts at Bill Clinton’s impeachment,” she tweeted “You didn’t give a damn back then
” This is the time of year when the dead are wrapped in sheets and paraded through the streets while others dance around the bodies The local tradition is said to be one of the major causes of the spread of this disease
Google colluded with Clinton campaign with ‘silent donations’ While the establishment continues to push the notion that a couple hundred thousand dollars of ad spends and some Russian bots on Facebook swayed the election to Donald Trump, more proof of real “collusion” between Google and the Hillary Clinton campaign has been uncovered
That is, Francis’s man at the reconstituted Pontifical Academy declares openly that there is a duty to contracept! Chiodi’s sole “authority” for this lie from the pit of hell is nothing more than Chapter 8 of AL, the only document of its kind in the entire history of the Church
Thus, we clearly gauge that there is no disgusting and venomous level to which the Left will not stoop in its destructive agenda Yes, Frontpage editor Jamie Glazov has had his ban lifted at Facebook, but this is clearly only a brief reprieve for him on that platform -- and it is only, obviously, a very tiny space in the Stalinist Left's war on America and on everything on which it stands
I was grateful for the opportunity to reinforce that with our seminarians this past weekend, and I look forward to continuing my work with the Office of Ministerial Standards and Safe Environment, and our Archdiocesan Review Board, in creating a culture in which no one need be afraid or reluctant to bring forth an allegation of misconduct Our heavenly patron, St
The time to take a stand against this radical hijacking of Holy Mother Church is now Expose and rout every last predator
And he has always been a good person Nevertheless, using their standard contemptible, obstructionist tactics, the Democrats opposed to Judge Kavanaugh happily seized on the unsubstantiated allegation of teen sexual misbehavior in high school to assassinate Judge Kavanaugh’s character
“I think we are all counting on the district attorney, on those in positions of trust and power right now, to do the right thing,” O’Rourke said, implying that, at the very minimum, Amber Guyger should be fired “There has to be a full accounting for how young black men continue to be killed in this country without accountability, without justice, without these full investigations, without respecting their civil rights
This is important in that while there was anti-Chinese and anti-Christian violence, the non-Chinese Christians mostly stuck around, though the Chinese used tourist and student visas to come to the United States in a leisurely manner, taking time to either bring or otherwise secure their wealth in Indonesia In any event, the persecution was limited in time and duration as the local elite know they need the Chinese to run the economy and to avoid Red China intervening on behalf of their fellow ethnics
Authorities raided the compound in Amalia, New Mexico, on Friday as part of their search for Abdul-Ghani, whose father, Siraj Wahhaj, allegedly abducted him from Georgia in November Neighbors raised alarm about a suspect
More tens of billions will have to be spent before these anti-missile systems become reliable Would it not be easier and less expensive for grand deal-maker Trump to recognize North Korea, set up diplomatic relations, stop trying to overthrow the Kim regime, and finally end the Korean War?
And of course we are talking about the priorities of a pope who has said that seeing a “restorationist” community enjoying a large number of vocations makes him “worry ” Apparently this worry was serious enough to move him to torpedo one of the most flourishing communities in the modern Church; the gaunt spectre of the Franciscan Friars and Sisters of the Immaculate haunts this document
” CNN Reacts to Mueller News: ‘Huge Victory for the President,’ Trump ‘Vindicated’
Not much in my mind The reality is that the Democrats are as much to blame for the corrosive and ugly rhetoric in America today as Donald Trump is
He reaffirmed that he admired Mr  Farrakhan in an interview on Friday, though he said that the things the minister says about Jewish people “sometimes make me shudder
” –William Blackstone, English Common Law Representatives are to magnify the law, not tear it down; and yet, this is what the biblically illiterate are teaching others to do, submit to the tyrants and resist God, His Church and His Word (Micah 3:5)
" He concludes the letter with this appeal: "Please Holy Father, don't be like the others
Later, however, when his work as prefect of the Congregation for Bishops was being undermined because recommendations for episcopal appointments were being passed directly to Pope Francis by two homosexual “friends” of his dicastery, bypassing the Cardinal, he gave up His long article in L’Osservatore Romano, in which he came out in favor of the more controversial aspects of Amoris Laetitia, represents his surrender
You lied to me, didn’t you? You’re a liar, aren’t you?
Trump is hurting himself right now, and will have hurt himself more if Kavanaugh is not confirmed And yes, I call it the cut-of-his-jib test quite deliberately
” The White House argued that Acosta’s behavior, which it described as rude and aggressive, was the reason for revoking his credential
Nope, you can't, and you can't expect it when some of those writers write for other publications that don't measure up to NewsGuard's standards either The reason this little incident shouldn't be let go of so soon is that it is one of the clearest demonstrations of the media's bias, which we all have, lies and propaganda
 uranium sold to Russia in the ’20 percent’ Uranium One deal “The Russians were compromising American contractors in the nuclear industry with kickbacks and extortion threats, all of which raised legitimate national security concerns
“ This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further
But that would not be the first time that defense of the Church’s common good has done so, as the Great Western Schism demonstrates And are we not in the midst of schisms already, provoked by none other than Bergoglio himself, whose insane drive to shatter the Church’s bimillennial discipline has produced the totally unprecedented situation in which what is still considered mortally sinful in one diocese is an imperative of “mercy” in another?
Perhaps these European leaders should remember their own history Appeasement through phony deals with a rogue dictatorship does not work, as proven by the infamous Munich Pact signed by British and French Prime Ministers Neville Chamberlain and Edouard Daladier with German Chancellor Adolf Hitler seventy-nine years ago
” She also tweeted a link to a personal essay she wrote in February for Vanity Fair on the 20th anniversary of the investigation into the affair, in which she admitted that she suffers from PTSD over the fallout from the investigation and publicity, and that the #MeToo movement had changed her perspective on the affair and its aftermath
” And finally, in a bizarre tweet, Greenwald opined, “I hope the story [maligning Assange] turns out true” – apparently because maintenance of the Guardian’s reputation is more important than Assange’s fate and the right of journalists to dig up embarrassing secrets without fear of being imprisoned
Horowitz’ report not only slams Comey, but it also criticizes former Attorney General Loretta Lynch, and immoral FBI philanderers Peter Strzok and Lisa Page Horowitz blames Comey, Strzok, and Page for besmirching the good name of the FBI and harming the agencies reputation with the American people
Iranian officials said the increase, while provocative, does not violate its commitments under the nuclear accord The president sent shock waves around the world with his May 8 decision to withdraw from the Iran nuclear pact and begin reimposing U
The attempt is void, of course, and the appellation “authentic Magisterium” is fraudulent But the consequences of this Pope’s toying with the teaching office of the Church to advance half-baked theological notions, such as “discernment” (a term he borrows from St
Schaaf tweeted out a warning ahead of the raid in northern California last month, infuriating Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials and the Trump administration “How dare you!” Attorney General Jeff Sessions said in California this month, addressing Schaaf
It goes without saying that this retraction and surrender by Facebook occurred only because of the wide publicity that Jamie's banning had received And we are immensely grateful for all the massive support that was given to us across the Internet, including especially from Breitbart, PJMedia, WorldNetDaily and Thomas Lifson at American Thinker
I was looking this morning at a report by Media Lens in Britain describing how the British press has reported on Julian Assange It describes the tsunami of vindictive personal abuse that has been heaped upon Julian from well-known journalists, many claiming liberal credentials
Depending on an alien’s criminality, an alien who re-enters the United States after having been previously deported commits a felony punishable by up to 20 years in federal prison, if convicted “Our dedicated officers strive to make our communities safer by arresting convicted criminal aliens and removing them from the United States despite the reckless sanctuary policies that are currently in place in Cook County that put our communities at risk,” said Ricardo Wong, field office director of ERO Chicago
And we tell the governments, we are not afraid of you We will never surrender
” This is all about to get very ugly
Here, take a look! Disgusting that she continues to move and speak freely in this country with no justice being brought to bear on her for her many crimes, something we were promised from then-candidate Trump
Punish the voting public for electing Trump Never underestimate the power of the swamp's spite
Is it any wonder that priests and laity alike are changing their attitude on the "gay lifestyle" and violations of the Sixth Commandment when so many bishops are working to remove the stigma attached to this sin that Scripture tells us cries to heaven for vengeance? The Catholic Church's new-found "climate of tolerance" is exactly what McCarrick and company are counting on!
He was spotted taking a moonlit stroll around the high-end Marina Bay Sands hotel and casino, owned by GOP mega-donor Sheldon Adelson, the type of glitzy development few North Koreans could ever imagine coming to their country Kim was cheered by onlookers who caught sight of the dictator, who until earlier this spring was not believed to have ever left North Korea as supreme leader
All speak of nothing but bureaucratic responses: shared “formation courses,” meetings of superiors, amalgamations and suppression of houses and finally “care homes” and houses given over entirely as infirmaries A tale of controlled, systematized extinction
The Swedish episode was bogus and farcical and he has been vindicated Katrin Axelsson and Lisa Longstaff of Women Against Rape summed it up when they wrote, “The allegations against [Assange] are a smokescreen behind which a number of governments are trying to clamp down on WikiLeaks for having audaciously revealed to the public their secret planning of wars and occupations with their attendant rape, murder and destruction… The authorities care so little about violence against women that they manipulate rape allegations at will
The judge’s husband is a figure deep within the national security establishment in Britain who was named in WikiLeaks documents Because there is no serious media examining the whole WikiLeaks witch hunt, virtually none of this emerges
In some cases, you can purchase drums which hold 50-100 rounds, but if you are in New York, the NY SAFE Act defines your high capacity magazine to hold anything more than 7 rounds As for the nonsensical call to ban armor-piercing bullets, virtually every caliber of bullet, except maybe a 
” Ex-Muslim Catholics to Pope Francis: “Naiveté in the face of Islam is suicidal and very dangerous”
And I’ve never caught the plague,” she told the AFP The Plague Is AIRBORNE And It’s Spreading Because People Are Literally ‘Dancing With Corpses’
As many as 50 aid workers are believed to have been among the 1,200 people infected with the more dangerous airborne pneumonic strain of the disease Officials Warn: Airborne Black Death Epidemic Could ‘Explode’
Cardinal DiNardo and the other prelates should tell the Church in America and in the world: did the pope refuse to carry out a Vatican investigation into McCarrick’s crimes and of those responsible for covering them up? The faithful deserve to know
” The president, who has repeatedly claimed that the Mueller investigation is “illegal” and a “WITCH HUNT” driven by angry liberals, made clear to reporters at the White House earlier this week that the coming report was, of course, weighing on him
Do they believe their old agenda of open borders, amnesty, free trade globalism and democracy-crusading can become America's agenda again? Trumpism is not a detour, after which we can all get back on the interstate to the New World Order
55 (as of 06:45 EDT - Details) In a letter to the Australian prime minister, Malcolm Turnbull, Julian’s father, John Shipton, wrote: “I ask the prime minister to do all within his power to return Julian home before Julian’s situation becomes an irreversible tragedy
If you don’t like President Trump and can’t understand how anyone could, look no further than the past week for an excellent example of what on Earth could’ve made a man promising to Drain the Swamp so popular The Washington establishment politicians act like children when they can’t have their way
Anyone who doubts this is an invasion only need look at the size of the caravan and those that make up the majority of those marching towards our border They are predominantly young men, there are few woman and children that make up the mass of the thousands that will overtake the border
” “I personally know [Farrakhan], I’ve been to his home, done meetings, participated in events with him,” Davis told TheDC “I don’t regard Louis Farrakhan as an aberration or anything, I regard him as an outstanding human being who commands a following of individuals who are learned and articulate and he plays a big role in the lives of thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of people,” he emphasized later
San Francisco prosecutors, who had long ago deprioritized marijuana charges, dismissed the decades-old charge and released Garcia Zarate on April 15, 2015 Due to San Francisco's policy of limiting cooperation with federal immigration authorities — which some refer to as a "sanctuary" policy — the city did not inform ICE when they released Garcia Zarate
This is political theater over a man who is not an originalist and not a strict Constitutionalist He's a precedence man!
The court heard the pair launched a political campaign in which they claimed to be trying to expose Muslim men who were the subject of a rape trial So, expose the Islamists fro who and what they are and what Islam's founder not only taught them, but modeled for them, and you may just find yourself in jail in the UK
Are Father Martin and his pals in the episcopacy really so enlightened over every pope, saint, and moral theologian in history? Or is it not so that it is both negligent and uncharitable for some bishops to refuse to inform their faithful that according to the Church's own infallible teaching, everlasting damnation is the price to be paid for this kind of inclusivity and toleration?
” “I personally know [Farrakhan], I’ve been to his home, done meetings, participated in events with him,” Davis told TheDC “I don’t regard Louis Farrakhan as an aberration or anything, I regard him as an outstanding human being who commands a following of individuals who are learned and articulate and he plays a big role in the lives of thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of people,” he emphasized later
There is so much collusion now, with all these dark and menacing developments It is almost as if the word “journalism” is becoming blighted
Unfortunately no western main stream media can any longer be trusted to publish the truth The Guardian is only one of many which peddle smears and disinformation about the 'enemies' of the ruling 'western interests'
No sign of breakthrough after Pompeo meets with Saudi rulers over missing journalist WASHINGTON — On an emergency mission to resolve a diplomatic crisis, Secretary of State Michael R
I am tired of sin And, as one who has tried — despite my many imperfections — to lay down my life for Christ and His Church, I am tired of the regular violation of sacred duties by those entrusted with immense responsibility from the Lord for the care of His people
” The CIA’s cunning cover-up in the JFK assassination worked brilliantly
See the video here: Watch Dianne Feinstein Erupt With Glee After Trump Seems To Endorse Her Assault Weapons Ban
By no later than September 29, the inspector general alleged, the bureau had learned “virtually every fact” it would cite as justification late the next month to search Weiner’s laptop for messages of Clinton and top aide Huma Abedin The inspector general derided the bureau’s reasons for not moving more quickly — that agents were waiting for additional information from New York, that they couldn’t move without a warrant and that investigators were more focused on the Russia case — as “unpersuasive,” “illogical,” and inconsistent with their assertion that they would leave no stone unturned on Clinton
She offered no evidence — nor was asked for any — to back her grave allegations At no time was Assange offered the right of reply to this shocking interview, which Australia’s publicly-funded state broadcaster had a duty to give him
Also be aware that there a few racial slurs in the video Disturbing video of young Trump Supporter having his MAGA hat stolen and a drink thrown in his face
” “Perhaps it doesn’t bother the Belgian Prime Minister that there are no-go zones in many Western European cities, or that people with immigrant backgrounds have committed 27 major terrorist attacks in Europe recently, but this bothers the V4 because they do not want to live on a continent were the threat of terrorism becomes an everyday regularity," he continued
The Hammond Pardons Bring Justice to Obama's Victims The media very deliberately misreported the Bundy standoff, ridiculing the men involved and shrugging at the murder of LaVoy Finicum
On orders of the Vatican Secretary of State, the Vatican secret police are reportedly scouring the globe in search of Viganò, who has gone into hiding, “in order to prevent more unpredictable damage to the image of Pope Francis and the Holy See on the world stage, but also to ‘prepare the terrain’ for the former apostolic nuncio-turned-whistleblower to be prosecuted” under canon law The Dictator Pope must destroy his most potent critic thus far
Despite all this, even analysts critical of the Guardian’s behaviour have shown a glaring failure to understand that its latest coverage represents not an aberration by the paper but decisively fits with a pattern Glenn Greenwald, who once had an influential column in the Guardian until an apparent, though unacknowledged, falling out with his employer over the Edward Snowden revelations, wrote a series of baffling observations about the Guardian’s latest story
In the future everyone will be the subject of social justice crybullying for 15 minutes Also the Left killed comedy
The evidence at trial regarding the Hammonds’ responsibility for the fire was conflicting, and the jury acquitted them on most of the charges At the Hammonds’ original sentencing, the judge noted that they are respected in the community and that imposing the mandatory minimum, 5-year prison  would “shock the conscience” and be “grossly disproportionate to the severity” of their conduct
” The president, who has repeatedly claimed that the Mueller investigation is “illegal” and a “WITCH HUNT” driven by angry liberals, made clear to reporters at the White House earlier this week that the coming report was, of course, weighing on him
“He did no one any wrong,” she said While the Free Thought Project consistently reports on police officers entering the wrong home during raids and killing, maiming, or traumatizing entirely innocent people, this is the first time we’ve reported a story of an off-duty cop going into the wrong home, on their way home, and killing someone
Patel was one of the main events promoted beforehand However, his jokes quickly progressed to uncomfortable territory, including one about a gay black man who lives in his neighborhood and how “[I]t made me realize that being gay is definitely not a choice because no one wants to be gay and black
Is it a violation of submission to God's principles to keep preaching, “Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins…”? Absolutely not!
 Merkel or President Macron Take notice: the future is ours and not yours
Molester McCarrick: I hope I am Influential Roman: Talk him up
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use When asked whether that would be important for voters to know that or not, Smith said, “That’s not for them to know
This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further Bon Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to [sic] USA!” Trump wrote
com A caller to the Michael Savage radio show who says he was neighbors with Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock asserts that Paddock could not have carried out the massacre and that it was actually a “set-up”
Higgins and his well-staffed website Bellingcat have taken on for themselves the role of arbiters of truth on many foreign affairs issues, taking a prominent role in advocating for narratives that promote US and NATO hegemony while demonising Russia, especially in highly contested arenas such as Syria That clear partisanship should be no surprise, given that Higgins now enjoys an “academic” position at, and funding from, the Atlantic Council, a high-level, Washington-based think-tank founded to drum up support for NATO and justify its imperialist agenda
Pray earnestly for the Church and all her ministers Pray for our seminarians
Despite the fall of his friend Pineda, Maradiaga continues todefend and protect the homosexual corruption of his own seminary, involving incontrovertible evidence of rampant sodomy among the seminarians he refuses to dismiss, rejecting all the evidence as “gossip ” Concerning Maradiaga, who is also mired in financial corruption for which he offers no credible explanation, Viganò provides this withering assessment of the man and his relation to Bergoglio:
Abid’s attorney James Bacon mocked the elderly, burka-clad widow, who does not drive and speaks only Uurdu “She’s a wacko lunatic, what are you going to do?” he said just outside the courtroom doors as the judge took a break to deliberate
In any case, neither side in DC is really interested in solving the illegal immigration problem or cares about the children involved If they were, there would be no detention and separation after illegally coming into the US, only an immediate deportation by US Border Patrol on the spot
In his view, the government simply can’t go against the will of the people And Orban has stayed the course, too while governments like that of Germany have ignored their people to allow for a clear invasion of Germany that has led to untold numbers of sexual assaults by Muslim migrants, attacks on Christians and there's no telling the amount of damage to the unethical welfare system in the country
Zilch Sebastian Gorka is crucially correct, therefore, when he recommends a national counter-propaganda campaign that involves a two-part approach: the first being the bolstering of efforts to define our enemy (Steps #1 and #4 above) and, second, the strengthening of our allies and partners in their own counter-propaganda efforts – which must include our empowering of Muslims who are trying to form an anti-Jihadist version of Islam
Even worse, the bannings of Sellner, Pettibone, Southern, and Bachmann were just part of a long pattern Pamela Geller and I were banned from entering Britain in 2013, apparently for life, also for the crime of telling the truth about Islam and jihad
Sunday’s “Reliable Sources” also featured constitutional lawyer Floyd Mayweather who emphasized that CNN would have a “really strong lawsuit” if they chose to proceed Last Wednesday White House press secretary Sarah Sanders made the announcement that Acosta’s press pass had been suspended as a result of a tussle with a White House intern over a microphone following his sharp back-and-forth with Trump during the President’s post-midterm Q&A
Orban specifically targeted Germany and Chancellor Angela Merkel’s ‘open-door’ policy towards asylum seekers “I’ve never understood how chaos, anarchy and illegal border crossings are viewed as something good in a country like Germany, which we view as the best example of discipline and the rule of law,” he said
Bradley Manning gave WikiLeaks the gun-barrel video of July 12, 2007 called “Collateral Murder ” Whoever did provide that graphic footage, showing the brutality of the celebrated “surge” in Iraq, was certainly far more a patriot than the “mainstream” journalist embedded in that same Army unit
The social-media company has told author and commentator Jamie Glazov that their standards forbid his article about how to prevent jihadi attacks on Americans It’s all about Glazov’s new book, “Jihadist Psychopath: How He Is Charming, Seducing, and Devouring Us
The book is “The Meaning of THE HOLY QUR’AN,” a version of the Quran that was banned by the Los Angeles public school system, in February 2002, for containing numerous anti-Semitic commentaries In it, Jews are described as: “arrogant,” “jealous,” “selfish,” “spiteful,” “greedy,” “cursed,” “apes and swine,” and “under divine displeasure
According to a 33-year-long study conducted by the National Home Education Research Institute in Oregon, the top three reasons that parents choose homeschooling are a desire to provide religious instruction or different values than those offered in public schools; dissatisfaction with the academic curriculum, and worries about the school environment As reported by The Washington Times, the recent school shooting at Parkland, Fla
 troops and millions of Vietnamese, fomenting the largest anti-war movement in American history, and tarnishing the reputation of a nation once considered at least somewhat noble in the eyes of the world The truth of the matter was that the Maddox was engaged in an aggressive intelligence gathering operation working hand in hand in coordinated attacks on North Vietnam by the South Vietnamese navy and the Laotian air force
” President Trump and Republicans have just begun scratching the surface of bias against them among Silicon Valley’s elite, including, perhaps foremost alongside Facebook, from Google
At that point, after the Ralston tweet, Murillo openly admits the partisan motives of Google’s electioneering efforts “On personal note, we really thought we had shown up to demonstrate our political power against a candidate who had vehemently offended our community by calling us rapists and drug dealers,” Murillo wrote
HANNITY: You are so good at your job You are so annoyingly good
No more delays No more ceding control of the process to Democrat Party lawyers
"One day, one of the killer's sisters pushed my sister down the stairs, and the next time she called her a dirty Jew," he described Sarah’s brother said that the killer called Sarah and her daughter, “dirty Jews”
I know Julian Assange well; I regard him as a close friend, a person of extraordinary resilience and courage I have watched a tsunami of lies and smear engulf him, endlessly, vindictively, perfidiously; and I know why they smear him
For China, money is now all The Russians are infected with the American propaganda infused into their veins during the Yeltsin era when Russia was an American puppet state
Are they for real? Further, the FBI insists there is no jihad motive, while saying they don’t know his motive
Shock: Black Death Patients Are ESCAPING The Hospital Over Fear Of Needles As Officials Worry Plague Could Spread Patients in Madagascar who are currently suffering from the plague have “escaped” multiple hospitals in the area over fears of needles and hospital treatment as a whole, according to a shocking report in The Sun newspaper
In 2013, she shared a stage with Hillary at the Clinton Global Initiative In 2007, Powell was named to the Board of a Hillary Clinton project known as ‘Vital Voices’,another women-centric operation that touts Global Ambassadorial missions for women
” That is, the normal process was circumvented for these appointments Remnant readers may recall that I spotted Cupich back in 2002, when he was the obscure Bishop of Rapid City, South Dakota, as an example of what was coming in the Novus Ordo: accelerated degeneration
As many as 50 aid workers are believed to have been among the 1,200 people infected with the more dangerous airborne pneumonic strain of the disease Officials Warn: Airborne Black Death Epidemic Could ‘Explode’
British member Peter Saunders, a former victim of priestly abuse, was ousted in 2016 He said the group was a toothless, paper-shuffling exercise
While Harris is not up for re-election this year, Warren is Could the good people of Massachusetts do us all a favor and elect someone else in her place?
 Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 11, 2018 Google colluded with Clinton campaign with ‘silent donations’
” In other words, there have been absolutely no problems whatever with the direction taken either by the Church or by the religious life since Vatican II
“As if I could have taken a selfie or a photo while Karadima abused me and others and Juan Barros stood by watching it all,” tweeted Juan Carlos Cruz “These people are truly crazy, and the pontiff talks about atonement to the victims
It did what it is designed to do We have previously shown that the Guardian even uses fascist propaganda tropes to smear the Russian people
 McCone that we could find no evidence that Oswald had any connection with the CIA Shapira ends his article by suggesting that commentators should do more complete research, maybe even use Google, before they jump to conclusions
I was taught that it was important to ask difficult questions, and that it was noble to stand up for what you believed in If our Jewish institutions — particularly the American Jewish Historical Society — cannot accommodate dissent, and effectively exclude all Jewish anti-Zionists, then they have not only lost a rapidly growing Jewish population, but they have lost a key aspect of their Jewishness
Our American history found in that document teaches that our forefathers threw off the tyrant that would not be ruled by God and declared “Resistance to tyrants is obedience to God!" Furthermore, the motto of the American Revolution was “No King but King Jesus
Tell that to the four cardinals, the 800,000 faithful, the 45 theologians and the 61 other original signers of the correctio, all of whom you insult with your superficial and I must say entirely sophistical attempt to explain away what Francis is clearly doing Irony of ironies, the latter-day Pharisees and legalists Francis sees around every corner are hard at work defending Amoris Laetitia at the very moment it is being cited by bishop after bishop as their sole authority for admitting public adulterers to Holy Communion---while Francis does nothing but approve
Where is the outrage? And while the bumbling FBI has dismissed out of hand jihad as a motive, here is what we know:
” Orban then called out the traitors in the midst of Europe who want to push Hungary to accept Muslim invaders
Reuters adds: Soros, for his part, compared Orban unfavorably to both the Nazis and the Communists, saying his rule evoked dark tones from the 1930’s — when Hungary was allied with Nazi Germany — and was more oppressive than Cold War Soviet occupation
Prosecutors appear to be sharing info with someone on Capitol Hill who is leaking details to the hacking suspect’s lawyer The Capitol Police turned over a trove of evidence in the alleged Imran Awan House cyberbreach and theft case to the defense attorneys when they were supposed to deliver it to prosecutors instead, according to court documents and a source
” “In addition to stopping all payments to these countries, which seem to have almost no control over their population, I must, in the strongest of terms, ask Mexico to stop this onslaught — and if unable to do so I will call up the U
Early symptoms include fever, chills, headache, and myalgia (muscle pain) Several hundred people have been exposed to the virus as officials worry this outbreak could spread rapidly into regions already devastated by the ongoing black death outbreak
Another Ramadan is upon us, and the jihad death toll so far stands at 218 Infidels, murdered in 53 jihad attacks Once again this year we see that Ramadan is quintessentially the month of jihad
Why, yes, yes they are serious Deadly serious
And we can’t drag the Church out of her present crisis until we have the courage to brave accusations of “Lefebvrism” and say so Those who love our Holy Mother – those who want to protect her boys and men from all the McCarricks and their perverse appetites – mustn’t be deceived into thinking this is a small or an isolated issue
Should we return to Islam? The authors say that Islam can be no ally in the battle “against the powers that want to dominate and enslave the world” because “they share the same totalitarian logic based on the rejection of the kingship of Christ (Lk 4
If it makes it that long, NASA plans to use the spacecraft to study the outer heliosphere NASA releases images captured at a record-breaking 3.79 billion miles from Earth
Article posted with permission from Daisy Luther Why the Coordinated Alternative Media Purge Should TERRIFY Everyone: Soon Those Who Hate Freedom Will Have Unquestioned Access to the Minds of 2 Billion People
S  officials and reporting them as proven fact — and nothing exemplifies this penchant better than reporting on the Gulf of Tonkin incident — perhaps one of most flagrant lies ever dreamed up as a justification for war
At the very least, she should be fired for this But then again, as we’ve reported already this week, Amber Guyger is subject to a different set of rules than common citizens, which apparently includes keeping a paycheck after admitting to killing an unarmed, innocent, pillar of society, Botham Jean
One can only hope that Fortier takes the issue seriously and conducts a proper investigation, which leads to disciplinary action Judging by past “investigations” conducted by other schools – SFSU, CUNY and UCI, to name a few – I am not optimistic
They may have believed that they were supplying the correct information, but they still should not have altered official documents without verifying that they were right, which they weren’t It is yet to be determined whether the federal investigation will find Democratic ineptitude or deception in this case
Whether or not justice involves the resignation of the most wayward Pope in Church history, the inevitable season of justice will culminate in the triumph of the Immaculate Heart of Mary and the Church’s restoration This will be a final victory over the enemies within and their apologists, such as Faggioli, who, in typical neo-Catholic style, imperiously scoffs at the notion of “a young clergy marked by personal sanctity but also by a fascination for a mythical Middle Ages” and busies himself defending an unsalvageable mass of corruption he dares to describe as “a Church-world relationship based on a principle of reality
Fast forward to the Obama Regime Administrative Amnesty , where despite outstanding deportation orders, these illegal aliens, among millions of others, are allowed to remain, and then given employment authorization as well Fortunately, elections have consequences, and the Obama Regime Administrative Amnesty, or parts of it, came to an inglorious end
The social-media company has told author and commentator Jamie Glazov that their standards forbid his article about how to prevent jihadi attacks on Americans It’s all about Glazov’s new book, “Jihadist Psychopath: How He Is Charming, Seducing, and Devouring Us
Removing one’s children from government schools seems a rational response to school shootings School shootings are not the only form of violence causing more parents to consider homeschooling
By playing along, by pretending that we could be “conservative Catholics” in this New Paradigm that also includes “liberal Catholics” we have helped them perpetrate one the most monstrous frauds in human history Because of this schizophrenic mindset of the Church’s leadership since 1965, we have all come to accept the underlying premise; that the Church is a “big umbrella” with plenty of room for people of all personal opinions, that such issues as liturgy are matters of personal “taste” …that two opposed things can both be Catholic truth
The United Nations Working Party on Unlawful Detentions has made that clear Britain took part in an investigation which determined that Julian was a political refugee and that a great miscarriage of justice had been imposed on him
Since he was arrested in 2010, Assange has not been charged with a single crime His treatment amounts to the most unprecedented persecution
“The Church is in its pastoral care bound to Holy Scripture and to its interpretation through the Church’s Magisterium,” wrote Cordes “Marx does not even mention that homosexuality always contradicts the Will of God,” citing church teaching through the centuries
Some experts fear the disease (which is so deadly because it is airborne) could mutate and become untreatable during this year’s outbreak – which is expected to blight Madagascar until April Others worry the plague will go beyond mainland Africa and eventually reach the US, Europe, and Britain
And the label of “violent extremist” turns out to be used very generously Ganesh makes wild leaps and inferences
He simply wished that it was so Let’s give our neo-Catholic friends another “apocryphal” quotation to dismiss out of hand
“ This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further
At all In fact, the Gulf of Tonkin incident, as it became known, turned out to be a fictitious creation courtesy of the government to escalate war in Vietnam — leading to the deaths of tens of thousands of U
As the outbreak worsens, some doctors are even warning that “no one is safe” from the disease The outbreak of the black plague in Madagascar has so far killed 97 people, and doctors are warning that it will be continuing to spread and worsen, meaning no one is safe
We can overlook the fig leaf “whether Francis knows it or not…” Fisher knows that Francis knows it, even if she still cannot bring herself to say explicitly what should now be apparent to the entire body of the faithful: that Bergoglio’s very presence on the Chair of Peter is a grave threat to the common good of the Church and the integrity of the Faith
” There are obviously certain things that the FBI and other investigators seem intent on covering up
For example, he quotes 5:51 -- “You who believe, do not take the Jews and Christians as allies” (p  114) -- but he nonetheless concludes, after ten pages of tu quoque arguments and other legerdemain, that “the Qur’an is fraternal in its treatment of other faiths” (p
The Collateral Damage video, the war logs of Afghanistan and Iraq, the Cablegate revelations, the Venezuela revelations, the Podesta email revelations … these are just a few of the storms of raw truth that have blown through the capitals of rapacious power The fakery of Russia-gate, the collusion of a corrupt media and the shame of a legal system that pursues truth-tellers have not been able to hold back the raw truth of WikiLeaks revelations
In an environment with “so many young women,” said one ex-House aide, the men “have no self-control ” “Amongst ourselves, we know,” a former Senate staffer said of the lawmakers with the worst reputations
The appointments of Blase Cupich to Chicago and Joseph W  Tobin to Newark were orchestrated by McCarrick, Maradiaga and Wuerl, united by a wicked pact of abuses by the first, and at least of coverup of abuses by the other two
“He’s been vindicated by them,” Evan Pérez said of President Trump and the Mueller report “And then he’s now vindicated, exactly,” Gloria Borger said
Records Support Claims That Minnesota Muslima State Rep Ilhan Omar Married Her Brother Ilhan Omar has accused Israel of “evil doings” in Gaza and called Israel an “apartheid state
Why Manafort might have sought out Assange in 2013 is unclear Manafort, 69, denies involvement in the hack and says the claim is “100% false”
The attorney general had been accused of “softening or watering down his report,” Gowdy said, “When the reality is it was Jim Comey who softened and watered down his press release, announcing no charges against Secretary Clinton We see Jim Comey and Jim Comey alone deciding which DOJ policies to follow and which to ignore, to decide whether there is sufficient evidence to support each and every element of an offense and we see Jim Comey and Jim Comey alone deciding whether to send a letter to Congress in the throes of looming election
Pope Francis defers to the exposition of Amoris laetitia by Cardinal Schoenborn given in April 2016 when the exhortation was made public I have read the Cardinal's exposition in both Italian and English, and I only find mention of the help of the sacraments in certain cases
For example, the Italian moral theologian, Maurizio Chiodi, recently claimed in his talk at the Gregorian Pontifical University that contraception is sometimes not only not forbidden, but even demanded! To contradict two popes – whom the Church has already “beatified” the one and “canonized” the other – so shortly after their deaths, and in such a radical and open manner, probably has never happened before in the Church's history
While the Obama administration continues to allow the Muslim Brotherhood to direct American foreign policy and, therefore, to implement “strategies” that render America defenseless in the face of Jihad and stealth Jihad, there are some alternative strategies that have the potential to turn this catastrophic situation around completely in America’s favor Below are 9 concrete steps that, if implemented by a future American administration, would make a big difference in preserving our civilization and in defending Americans from terrorism:
The Guardian, reputedly once a great liberal newspaper, conducted a vendetta against Julian Assange Like a spurned lover, the Guardian aimed its personal, petty, inhuman and craven attacks at a man whose work it once published and profited from
President Trump seemed to be publicly siding with the Russian dictator against the American intelligence agencies The initial appearance was so bad that I tweeted: “President Trump must clarify his statements in Helsinki on our intelligence system and Putin
The email came from FBI agent Peter Strzok and it’s the first place we see the question of whether or not Clinton can be found as “grossly negligent,” in the handling of classified intel Remember, Strzok is widely credited as the man who changed FBI Director Comey’s language on the Clinton email investigation from the prosecutable “grossly negligent” to the legally superflous “extremely careless
 Merkel or President Macron Take notice: the future is ours and not yours
Of course they can't cope It's Demolition Man in real life pitting refugee war criminals and terrorists against bureaucrats with badges who are used to telling people not to raise their voices
The other day the American conservative writer, John Zmirak, wrote a sound suggestion on Twitter that I think it’s time we all started taking seriously In response to the continued outrages of both “good” and bad bishops, Zmirak suggested establishing “an escrow fund in each scandal-plagued diocese, where laymen [can] deposit the funds they would have donated to [the] local church, until [a] new bishop [is] appointed
” The president, who has repeatedly claimed that the Mueller investigation is “illegal” and a “WITCH HUNT” driven by angry liberals, made clear to reporters at the White House earlier this week that the coming report was, of course, weighing on him
Conroy warned it is inevitable that the plague will spread due to the vast movement of people across the globe “I believe that it’s 100 percent likely that plague will arrive in the UK once more – it’s just a question of ‘when’, not ‘if’
The facts refute their arguments, but beyond that, the Second Amendment recognizes the right to keep and bear arms is a right given to us by our Creator, not a permission we gain from government So, while they tell you they support the Second Amendment and that their unlawful policies are consistent with it, nothing could be further from the truth
Elizabeth Yore is an attorney who has investigated clerical sex abuse cases Francis and Farrell’s 'Sinod' on the Youth, #StopThe Synod2018
Maybe it's not the terrorists who are nuts Maybe it's the authorities who are insane
Time for the laity to demand a new Shepherd ” Even Michael Voris, in a highly amusing example of leading from behind, has finally abandoned his absurd refusal to criticize this pontificate and now declares with a screaming headline: “Pope Francis Must Resign
The Sharia is being implemented in the United Kingdom and the Muslims are ready to seek total control The latest evidence of that fact is the suspension of a firefighter who simply voiced his support for the English Defence League's founder, Tommy Robinson
YOUNG: “… I do think he’s not saying specifically like I’m going to ban bump stocks or I’m against ATs, only because he’s running a race right now I do think he would support anybody doing that stuff, Bill Nelson… But I don’t think he can say it just [be]cause he’s trying to get the moderates and the gun-toting people in North Florida…”
 2, 2018 In the document, the three bishops solemnly professed the Church’s received teaching and discipline regarding sacramental marriage and the limited conditions (see Familiaris Consortio, n
But there’s an art to minimizing damage And Trump hasn’t learned it yet
The attacks here are motivated by a desire for open borders Children are being used as human shields in a campaign to end national security forever
Scientists say that it could take up to 15 years for solar activity to return to normal with extreme weather and freezing temperatures continuing until 2035 This warning will infuriate environmental campaigners who argue by 2030 the world faces increased sea levels and flooding due to glacial melt at the poles and a warming of the globe
It is as if a one-way moral screen has been pushed back to expose the imperialism of liberal democracies: the commitment to endless warfare and the division and degradation of “unworthy” lives: from Grenfell Tower to Gaza When Harold Pinter accepted the Nobel Prize for Literature in 2005, he referred to “a vast tapestry of lies up on which we feed”
The rainy season poses a threat to the containment of the plague because outbreaks of this magnitude often seem to be seasonal The Foreign Office recently warned that the deadly outbreak is entering its most dangerous phase
Instead, she invited Clinton to describe the “damage” Julian Assange did “personally to you” In response, Clinton defamed Assange, an Australian citizen, as “very clearly a tool of Russian intelligence” and “a nihilistic opportunist who does the bidding of a dictator”
They are merely economic migrants seeking a better life,” Orban concluded He stressed though, that he can only speak for the Hungarians and they “don’t want” immigration
A reminder that the Associated Press has an official policy of "not reporting race" when it's not "relevant" I can't think of anything less irrelevant than a black gunman shooting two white cops--after five years of the "Blacks Lives Matter" movement
“The probability the current Iranian theocracy will stop its nuclear program willingly or even under significant pressure is low,” the plan states “Absent a change in government within Iran, America will face a choice between accepting a nuclear-armed Iran or acting to destroy as much of this capability as possible
Who Is Behind the Internet Thought Police? An article, “What the Red Pill Means for Radicals,” published on June 7 in the ironically named publication Fair Observer might have passed unnoticed as yet another uninformed, biased and ideologically motivated attack on all who ever get labeled “extremists
Official figures reveal at least 2,034 people have been infected with the “medieval disease” so far in what has been described as the “worst outbreak in 50 years ” The black death outbreak has so far claimed at least 165 lives
Except whenever he pleases, as we have seen again and again with the conservative bishops and even Cardinals (Burke and Müller) he has sacked because their conservatism offended him or one of his friends, prompting even Crux to ask: “Does Pope Francis have an enemies list?” Then again, Francis even obtained the removal of his own “trusted counselor” McCarrick from the College of Cardinals, albeit only when forced to act due to worldwide condemnation in the media So, according to Faggioli, the same Pope who sacks conservative bishops and cardinals according to his pleasure and has just removed a cardinal from the College of Cardinals in an unprecedented disciplinary act under fire from the media, is somehow powerless to dismiss Modernist bishops who have created an obscene “gay culture” in the Church and replace them with orthodox, normal heterosexual males
The population should be able to examine a source of information and determine for themselves if it’s credible, not have an authority figure do it for them We don’t need fact checkers, we ourselves should be those fact checkers!
Concerned clergy and laity throughout the Catholic world are doing what they can according to their stations But in the midst of that “final battle” over marriage and family of which Sister Lucia warned the late Cardinal Caffarra in light of the Third Secret of Fatima, within the human element of the Church only the cardinals and the bishops possess the divinely bestowed power to repel an assault on marriage, family and the very integrity of the Faith that is now, for the first time in Church history, being led by a Roman Pontiff
The aides named are Imran Awan, his wife Hina Alvi, his brothers Abid and Jamal, and his friend Rao Abbas, Pakistani-born aides Now we hear the father of Muslim spy ring Imran Awan transferred a USB drive to a Pakistani senator and former head of a Pakistani intelligence agency
The country’s health chief Willy Randriamarotia said: “If a person dies of pneumonic plague and is then interred in a tomb that is subsequently opened for a Famadihana, the bacteria can still be transmitted and contaminate whoever handles the body ” The tradition has been banned since the outbreak began, but it is feared ceremonies have taken place regardless as local continue to balk that their rituals have contributed to the outbreak
 Army stopped to interrogate every German soldier who crashed through the Ardennes Forest at the beginning of the Battle of the Bulge in 1944, to see if each one’s actions had anything to do with the German Army and Adolf Hitler’s war aims This willful ignorance leads to a diversion and waste of resources that is astronomical and catastrophic
Everything else is just noise Being Skeptical Of Documented Liars Attacking a Supreme Court Nominee Is A Good Thing - Here's Why
 has announced plans to create a 30,000-man Border Security Force of Kurds and Arabs to keep ISIS out of Syria Erdogan has branded this BSF a "terror army," and President Bashar Assad of Syria has called BSF members "traitors
” In other words, because his situation is “complex” Wuerl, unlike McCarrick, should remain a cardinal and the Archbishop of Washington, DC, thus maintaining a key bulwark against the “neo-traditionalist” threat
But we have an ace up our proverbial sleeve According to a recent study, the gun issue is an incredibly powerful, motivating issue in politics
If that kicks in, the plague will be far, far scarier If you throw more and more antibiotics at patients, antibiotic resistance is more or less inevitable
” While many are happy that Tillerson is gone, many of us are concerned with Mike Pompeo being installed at Secretary of State, especially regarding his un-American comments against NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden, who exposed the criminal activity of the Deep State in DC
Trump told reporters he would "absolutely" extend an invitation to the White House to Kim, who also heralded a new era "Today, we had a historic meeting and decided to leave the past behind," Kim said through a translator
Yeah, right! I'm sorry Jim, I can't hear you over the booming voice of your hypocrisy!
Democrats want to delay this vote until after the midterms because they believe they have a chance to retake the Senate as well as the House Rush Limbaugh points out that the Senate has bent over backwards to accommodate the accuser
Click here to listen to this interview The Eerie Silence
About 30 minutes into Patel’s set, members of AAA interrupted the performance, denounced his jokes about racial identities and sexual orientation, and provided him with a few moments for closing remarks Comrades, these jokes you have been listening to are thought crimes!
From Reuters:Wikipedia has a page devoted to “ List of Grenade Attacks in Sweden ,” which lists 80 different attacks beginning in 2014 That’s crazy
Yet Fr Weinandy’s letter, sent to Francis privately last summer but predictably ignored by him—along with every other private entreaty concerning his destructive activity—is a withering indictment of a papacy that constitutes nothing less than a menace to the Church
9% As far as the labor market is concerned, “America First” has not translated to Americans First
If President Trump were a mole, wouldn’t he have made life easier for Putin? Wouldn’t he have eased sanctions?
However, Dr Toby Heys told the New Scientist in 2017 that an infrasound attack wouldn't be "very covert" as a "large array of subwoofers" would be needed Image: The US recalled non-essential embassy staff from Havana, Cuba, after potential sonic attacks in 2017
 government not treason? Other Presidents have been incompetent, corrupt, dishonest, but which has committed treason on a scale to rival the treason of Barack Obama?
Later in the day, advisers joined the talks for a larger bilateral session and a working lunch Trump took keen interest in the pageantry of the day, insisting the pictures beamed around the world reflect a commanding leader making a decisive, world-altering move
But that would not be the first time that defense of the Church’s common good has done so, as the Great Western Schism demonstrates And are we not in the midst of schisms already, provoked by none other than Bergoglio himself, whose insane drive to shatter the Church’s bimillennial discipline has produced the totally unprecedented situation in which what is still considered mortally sinful in one diocese is an imperative of “mercy” in another?
Why did God judge Sodom and Gomorrah? It's the same reason that he is judging America today (Amos 4:12), He cannot find the righteous in order to spare her (Jeremiah 22:3)
” The whole of Latin America, including Argentina, was well aware of what was happening when this case broke in Chile in 2010, Yore noted, and yet the Pope continues to shrug his shoulders and say he has no information
be/qSm1t3Uv9QI Muhammad said he thought the photograph would be “damaging politically” if it were released and was afraid that someone might “break into his apartment” looking for it, like “that Watergate crap
Whether or not justice involves the resignation of the most wayward Pope in Church history, the inevitable season of justice will culminate in the triumph of the Immaculate Heart of Mary and the Church’s restoration This will be a final victory over the enemies within and their apologists, such as Faggioli, who, in typical neo-Catholic style, imperiously scoffs at the notion of “a young clergy marked by personal sanctity but also by a fascination for a mythical Middle Ages” and busies himself defending an unsalvageable mass of corruption he dares to describe as “a Church-world relationship based on a principle of reality
” – Einstein All of these media sources were operating normally until Donald Trump became president, and until Hillary Clinton, Obama, Bush, etc were outed as global elite puppets
We will never surrender We will stand strong and do our duty
Genesis 19:4-5 The angels then proceed to blind all the men of Sodom and Gomorrah and urge Lot and his family to flee from the cities to escape the wrath that God was about to deliver Lot and his family flee the city, and then "the LORD rained down burning sulfur on Sodom and Gomorrah — from the LORD out of the heavens
Bill Maher, for whatever unappealing drawbacks he has in conservatives’ eyes, has set a bold standard in this respect in his Burka Fashion Show skit American comedians need to start writing scripts that follow in Maher’s footsteps and Americans need to encourage and equip them to do so – and to also vigorously defend them from the attacks and slanders they will inevitably receive from totalitarian leftist and Islamic forces
Like other Democrats, Sen  Mazie Hirono of Hawaii tried to help Ford, lobbing her softballs
” John Kerry has obviously learned nothing from the North Korean fiasco, which resulted from years of phony agreements with the rogue regime and so-called “strategic patience
However, unlike government schools, my curriculum never puts ideological indoctrination ahead of education While government schools — and even many private schools — pretend religion played no significant role in history, my curriculum addresses the crucial role religion played in the development of Western civilization
 Lambert was an Arabic Linguist for the Navy for five years, and a Senior Intel Analyst for the Department of Defense (DoD) for three years Lambert also speaks fluent Arabic and Farsi (Persian), along with French and Italian
#FreeTommy Robinson Rally Draws Tens Of Thousands This weekend, the #FreeTommy Robinson rally drew upwards of 20,000 supporters, according to organizers, in support of the outspoken critic of Islam and exposer of their crimes in his country and against his tyrannical arrest and imprisonment
Archbishop Viganò has released a new, powerful statement necessitated by the peculiar reaction of Pope Francis to the Aug 22 Testimony Many thanks to our friends at LifeSiteNews, especially Diane Montagna, for the following translation and release of the follow-up testimony from arguably the most courageous prelate in the Church today—Archbishop Carlo Maria Viganò
Last week, Acosta’s press pass to access the White House was suspended “until further notice” after he engaged in the contentious back-and-forth over the migrant caravan working its way up through Mexico Trump characterizes the caravan as “an invasion,” a term to which Acosta objected
” Saucier has had cars repossessed and is in debt due to the loss of income after having a felony on his record The government actively destroyed his life an made it all but impossible for his family to get back on track
That means there are still thousands of unaccountable Deep State operatives in the Trump administration that have yet to be dealt with Exposing the Deep State Plotters
There are many things that we heard from Ford on Thursday that indicate there is more going on than she was willing to say Clearly, Ford has been outed as a radical political activist who promotes baby murder and other unlawful actions
But Shapira would be wise to follow his own advice because he himself is guilty of what he accuses others of That’s because he failed to conclude his article with one great big important point about former CIA Director Richard Helms
Maybe it's not the terrorists who are nuts Maybe it's the authorities who are insane
Finally, we have one question – what would have happened if Trump said it? As The American Mirror’s Kyle Olsen concludes so eloquently, Hillary Clinton appears to benefit from her progressive privilege – it is the only thing that protects her from getting the ‘Roseanne treatment’, and not being dismissed in disgrace
Make Senators go on the record with their votes, and hold them to account in November Put to the test the Dems’ claims that a critical mass of women, many of them with sons they don’t want falsely accused, believes the fundamentalist feminist narrative and will vote accordingly
The New York Times’ Ross Douthat is among those who are starting to ask these kinds of questions Maike Hickson quotes him, writing of this bizarre situation – in which each, of the so-called “Sankt Gallen Mafia” prelates, including Kasper, who openly campaigned for the effective abolition of Catholic moral teaching: “It was characteristic of the church’s effective truce [between conservatives and progressivists] that John Paul II himself had given most of them their red hats, elevating them despite their disagreement with his restorationist approach
And their New Church is the only one left For five decades we played the Anglican game; as long as we don’t talk about it, there isn’t a problem
But she did not: She went on for another several paragraphs on the first page and an extra three pages to admit the openly partisan intent of Google’s actions, including a remarkable in-writing confirmation that at least one of Google’s actions amounted to a “silent donation”—something that could raise Federal Election Commission (FEC) red flags if authorities decide to launch an official investigation into this matter, now that these emails have been publicly revealed It is in the next paragraph that Murillo openly admits that Google made a “silent donation,” in her words, paying for rides to polls via leftist organization Voto Latino
Remember when this happened to Alex Jones? Back in September, an assault was led by YouTube, Google, and Facebook against Alex Jones of Infowars fame
We will defend our civilization And we will protect our people
In an environment with “so many young women,” said one ex-House aide, the men “have no self-control ” “Amongst ourselves, we know,” a former Senate staffer said of the lawmakers with the worst reputations
They make sure that the Islamic instruction in these textbooks presents a picture of Islam that is so pristine and whitewashed that it sometimes crosses the boundary from mere pro-Muslim bias into outright Islamic proselytizing The taboo about teaching religion in the public schools, so zealously established and guarded against Christian prayer by the ACLU and the Supreme Court over the last few decades, is increasingly set aside in American public schools, as presentations on Islam frequently cross the line between teaching facts about the religion and teaching the religion as fact
And while you are at it, don’t overlook the federal Congress No wonder Dianne Feinstein looked so deliriously (and devilishly) happy when Trump uttered his stupid comment about gun confiscation and said he wanted to bring an assault weapons ban (Feinstein’s bill) into proposed gun control legislation
NASA has a whole lot of fancy image-gathering hardware on Earth and in space, and we’ve seen countless of stunning snapshots taken from here on Earth as well as nearby planets like Mars, Jupiter and Saturn The pictures are often gorgeously detailed eye candy, but the latest batch of images from the space agency is remarkable for an entirely different reason
 Kelly was nothing but surreal, and honestly, he should be impeached over his frivolous ruling that demanded the White House reinstate CNN reporter Jim Acosta's press pass However, the White House has decided to comply, which I wonder just how dangerous a precedent this sets, and as a result, White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders has issued a code of conduct for the White House press
Contradictory conceptions concerning the Sacraments, said the cardinal, lead into chaotic conditions Thus, explained the cardinal, the Sacraments have to be celebrated the way Christ Himself willed it when he instituted them
Libya’s then ruler, Muammar Kadaffi, bought some nuclear equipment from Pakistan so he could hand it over to the US as a gesture of cooperation after the Bush administration invaded Iraq The handover was done with much fanfare, then the US, France and Britain attacked Libya and overthrew Kadaffi
Unfortunately, these ABM systems don’t work very well More tens of billions will have to be spent before these anti-missile systems become reliable
President Trump hired him knowing all of that The administration will now start aggressively moving to deal with the root cause of chaos and violence in the region in a clear-eyed way
With the “arch-conservative” “Rottweiler” Ratzinger in CDF, why do we have the situation we have today? What did he do to stop the explosion of neo-modernism – that burned like an unchecked wildfire throughout the Catholic world through the reign of John Paul II?
They might lose their livelihood and get death threats, but not "Crooked" Hillary Clearly, she was speaking of all black people and not being specific to Holder or Booker as they look nothing alike
We have created these rules with a degree of regret,” Sanders said in a statement The fact that the White House submitted to such a ridiculous demand when it is simple human decency to conduct one's self in a proper manner, unlike how Jim Acosta treated both Sarah Sanders, President Donald Trump and a White House aide, is a testimony to how little those who represent us know of our Constitution
” “I personally know [Farrakhan], I’ve been to his home, done meetings, participated in events with him,” Davis told TheDC The JTA's awkward attempt to whitewash the newly revealed CBC anti-Semitism included a claim from the ADL that Rep
But Francis, as any reasonable observer can see, has no intention of offering any such correction Quite to the contrary, confusion as a cover for the introduction of Holy Communion for “certain” public adulterers by Bergoglio’s co-conspirators in the Vatican and various dioceses is exactly what he was aiming to achieve from the beginning of the whole synodal charade, which was merely a vehicle for promulgation of AL
IN MAY 2013, the Washington Post’s Greg Miller reported that the head of the CIA’s clandestine service was being shifted out of that position as a result of “a management shake-up” by then-Director John Brennan As Miller documented, this official — whom the paper did not name because she was a covert agent at the time — was centrally involved in the worst abuses of the CIA’s Bush-era torture regime
2 Men, Moms Arrested After Child Found Dead, 11 More Found In ‘Filthy’ New Mexico Compound With Armed ‘Muslim Extremists’ TAOS COUNTY, NEW MEXICO — Two males from Georgia are in custody after TCSO served a search warrant at a makeshift residence that is best described as a “compound” in Amalia, NM
Compound wasn't searched thoroughly, couple say When officers executed a search warrant on the compound, they found a horrifying scene
Senator Mazie Hirono (D-Hawaii), one of Judge Kavanaugh’s fiercest critics who told men to “shut up” regarding Ms  Ford’s allegations, said she doubts Judge Kavanaugh’s credibility because of “how he approaches his cases
According to prepared testimony provided to The Hill newspaper, he will say: I categorically and unequivocally deny the allegation against me by Dr
“If a person dies of pneumonic plague and is then interred in a tomb that is subsequently opened for [the ritual], the bacteria can still be transmitted and contaminate whoever handles the body,” said Willy Randriamarotia, Madagascar’s health ministry chief of staff Some locals believe the whole plague is some kind of a government conspiracy, and say they have no intention of forgoing the ritual known as “famadihana
Finally, we have one question – what would have happened if Trump said it? As The American Mirror’s Kyle Olsen concludes so eloquently, Hillary Clinton appears to benefit from her progressive privilege – it is the only thing that protects her from getting the ‘Roseanne treatment’, and not being dismissed in disgrace
be/_DFeri21hlc HANNITY: Breaking news tonight, the Hills John Solomon, investigative reporter Sara Carter, they released bombshell reports equally tonight
” "[Trump] has decided to intervene in a pending law enforcement investigation by ordering the selective release of materials he believes are helpful to his defense team and thinks will advance a false narrative," Schiff said
That’s why he was sent to New Orleans, where, contradictorily, he would work for a right-wing business owner, work with a right-wing former FBI agent, and conduct a public protest in favor of Fidel Castro and Cuba It was also why he was sent to Mexico City, where he would be ordered to visit the Cuban and Soviet Embassies, no doubt being told that he was being prepared for an important mission, maybe to enter Cuba to assassinate Castro
* * * The public defender wasted no time in focusing his thoughts on President Trump and his administration…saying Zarate was “extremely relieved” by the outcome and that while Steinle’s death “was a horrible tragedy,” it was used as “political fodder for then candidate Donald Trump’s anti-immigration agenda
Muslim Cleric: “There Were Jews In Islamic Countries & Caliphates, But We Never Killed Them Just For Being Jews” When he says that Muslims never killed Jews just for being Jews, he is lying, and relying on the historical ignorance of his audience
Authorities said the father at some point told his wife he wanted to perform an exorcism on the boy, who cannot walk, suffers seizures and requires constant attention because of a lack of oxygen and blood flow at birth The imam said he was unaware of the training of the children for school shootings, but his mosque has been known to attract Islamic jihadis over the years
Down in San Antonio, Texas the dangerous and violent predilections of the left reared its ugly head once again A “man” attacked a teenager who was wearing a #MAGA hat
Just go and investigate the donations to their re-election campaigns The 1,000 billion dollar budget of the military/security complex, amplified by the CIA’s front corporations and narcotics business, provides enormous sums with which to purchase the senators and representatives that the insouciant American voters think that they elect
Friends, let us pray for Archbishop Viganò He is standing alone now, and not only against the most dangerous pontificate in history, but also the forces of hell itself—forces which will do all in their power to silence this voice crying in the wilderness
 and not intermittent as if several choppers had just passed overhead According to Carlson, the owner of the tape maintains that law enforcement investigators have never asked to see the footage
Improbably, the Guardian has adopted Higgins as the poster-boy for a supposed citizen journalism it has sought to undermine as “fake news” whenever it occurs on social media without the endorsement of state-backed organisations The truth is that the Guardian has not erred in this latest story attacking Assange, or in its much longer-running campaign to vilify him
” That document alone is 75% of the usurpations that the Tyrant King George committed against our forefathers and what it is that our forefathers would not put up with Our American history found in that document teaches that our forefathers threw off the tyrant that would not be ruled by God and declared “Resistance to tyrants is obedience to God!"
org issued a statement just as news that Mueller’s report had been submitted was breaking “Should Barr announce his intention to cover up Mueller’s report, we would take to the streets in ‘Trump Is Not Above the Law’ rapid-response protests around the country,” the group’s statement read
Mr  Horowitz relied in part on opinions from prosecutors that there was not enough evidence to charge Clinton with acting in a manner that rose to a level of criminal gross negligence with respect to sending or receiving e-mails determined to contain classified information
Rush Limbaugh points out that the Senate has bent over backwards to accommodate the accuser "I don’t care who you are, determine the scope and the parameters of an investigation
He went to the White House Press Roast and, after having a nice discussion with Congressman Schiff, he yelled out “What about Julian Assange?” The room was packed full of reporters but Randy was attacked and dragged out It was if everyone there was embarrassed to recognize that one of their brethren was being brutalized
We don’t see eye-to-eye on everything, of course, but his faith and pastoral solicitude have for us been a light in the darkness and proof that God has not left us orphans And now this, finally, a bishop with the courage to look the beast in the eye and speak its name out loud
My friend William Binney, probably the world’s greatest expert on electronic surveillance, former Technical Director of the NSA, has stated that it is impossible the DNC servers were hacked, the technical evidence shows it was a download to a directly connected memory stick I knew the US security services were conducting a fake investigation the moment it became clear that the FBI did not even themselves look at the DNC servers, instead accepting a report from the Clinton linked DNC “security consultants” Crowdstrike
It is obvious in this case that Guyger is receiving special treatment, not only did she get away without a search, but she turned herself in at her own convenience and was let out two hours later Not even the richest people in the country with the best lawyers would receive this type of treatment if they just admitted to killing an innocent person
Second, the Trump administration has been far tougher on Russia than President Obama ever dreamed of being The Trump administration is taking real actions designed to weaken Russia and force Putin to change his aggressive behavior
Obama tried to say he had been in that church for years and never heard such things, which isn't true Ellison is attempting to do that same
If Manafort had really visited Assange, it would have long been known: In sum, the Guardian published a story today that it knew would explode into all sorts of viral benefits for the paper and its reporters even though there are gaping holes and highly sketchy aspects to the story
The report “detailed the experiences of at least a thousand survivors, victims of sexual abuse, the abuse of power and of conscience at the hands of priests over a period of approximately seventy years,” Francis acknowledged “It is essential that we, as a Church, be able to acknowledge and condemn, with sorrow and shame, the atrocities perpetrated by consecrated persons, clerics, and all those entrusted with the mission of watching over and caring for those most vulnerable,” he said
The election is over and hardworking Georgians are ready to move forward We can no longer dwell on the divisive politics of the past but must focus on Georgia’s bright and promising future
In fact, as long as Islam wants us to be its enemy, we are, and all our protestations of friendship cannot change anything As a proper Antichrist, Islam exists only as an enemy of all: “Between us and you there is enmity and hatred forever, until you believe in Allah alone!” (Qur’an 60
But Mr  Trump, a devoted news consumer who relishes his coverage, plays up his conflicts with reporters in part to excite his supporters
 President? According to the Constitution, you, and you alone, are the sole head of the executive branch, and as such you are where the buck stop in making sure the laws are faithfully executed
Those are the facts, and I am in a position to give you a personal assurance of them I can also assure you that Luke Harding, the Guardian, Washington Post and New York Times have been publishing a stream of deliberate lies, in collusion with the security services
Bill Maher, for whatever unappealing drawbacks he has in conservatives’ eyes, has set a bold standard in this respect in his Burka Fashion Show skit American comedians need to start writing scripts that follow in Maher’s footsteps and Americans need to encourage and equip them to do so – and to also vigorously defend them from the attacks and slanders they will inevitably receive from totalitarian leftist and Islamic forces
The article, along with a 2000 Playboy column in which Franken talked about fantasizing a machine would perform oral sex on him, was used to attack Franken during his 2008 Senate campaign in Minnesota As much as we may be appalled by some of the things that Al Franken has done, the truth is that there are far worse offenders in Washington
Second, the collapse of the Soviet Empire and USSR removed the party's great unifying cause from Eisenhower to Bush I—the Cold War After the Red Army went home, "America First" had a new appeal!
What they do not want to admit to is the fact that today's illegal immigration picture is one that follows the Obama plan on dealing with the influx of illegals to a carbon copy President Trump, on the other hand, is following along with it by detaining illegal immigrants at the border and separating children from their apparent families
He had been set free from jail only months before the shooting, in defiance of requests by federal immigration authorities, who had asked that he be held longer so he could be deported again The backlash to his release into the community crescendoed when Donald Trump invoked Ms
” It has a moral immunity, a cultural immunity, a geopolitical immunity, a legal immunity, and certainly a media immunity We see the gunning down of over 60 people on the day of the inauguration of the new U
Tillerson said he received a call from Trump around noon Tuesday, more than three hours after his firing was first reported by The Washington Post and announced minutes later in a tweet from the president His voice quivering, Tillerson thanked career diplomats for their “honesty and integrity” and the American people for “acts of kindness,” and he singled out Defense Secretary Jim Mattis for their partnership and mutual support of diplomacy
But the ADL and the JTA will whitewash this again And if they can't whitewash this, they'll ignore it
“ This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further
Democrats had Kavanaugh accuser Christine Blasey Ford’s never-credible accusations of sexual abuse -- including possible attempted rape -- in hand way back in the summer They deliberately refused to bring up the allegations, as weak and ridiculous as they are, at Kavanaugh’s Senate confirmation hearings because they didn’t want to have a rational discussion
The campaign to discredit Archbishop Viganò began instantaneously on the Catholic left wing Only hours after Viganò’s sworn testimony appeared online, the professional Catholic dissident Sean Michael Winters, writing for National Catholic Reporter, smeared the former Apostolic Nuncio to the United States, who holds doctorates in both civil and canon law, as “a trafficker in conspiracy theories who mixes fact, fiction and venom,” “more than a little obsessed with homosexuality”—like Oliver Stone, who “was obsessed with the grassy knoll”—“a disgruntled former employee” and “always a crackpot
” “The American people have a right to the truth
Progressives say we should be more like Sweden That means turning our country into a hopeless hellhole where the native population is overtaxed and terrorized by warring foreign gangs
With President Trump’s nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court, it was clear that anyone Trump nominated was going to be attacked In fact, the demonstrators protesting the nomination had signs for all four of the finalists and were instantly ready to oppose the president regardless of his choice
Maybe But good and evil have a supernatural ring we usually reserve for dramatic and abominable crimes, like genocide
Let’s start with the Cardinal who will lead the upcoming Synod, none other than Cardinal Kevin Farrell, Prefect of the Dicastery for Laity, Family and Life As the DC roommate and protege of Ted McCarrick, Farrell so respected McCarrick, the Molester, that he fashioned his Coat of Arms as a tribute to Uncle Ted
" Hillary Clinton sat down with Recode’s Kara Swisher over the weekend to talk propaganda against her conservative political opponents and how mean, nasty and evil they have been in the past few months
We got kicked out of a public school for re-enforcing America’s value’s by teaching the US Constitution We have taught that homosexuality is an abomination, and how it is a felony in every state in our union (Leviticus 18:22; 20:13; Jude 1:7)
This is the Cardinal Braz de’Aviz[2] who wasted no time in orienting himself in the New Paradigm when, close on the heels of the Conclave he slammed the attempt by his predecessor – and by extension Pope Benedict – to reign in the notorious Leadership Conference of Women Religious in the US He complained that he had been shut out of the process under Cardinal Rode, and later made a large and public point of appeasing and mollifying the most outspokenly heretical and politicised organisation of female religious in the world
Ecuador invoked the 1951 Convention and granted Assange refuge in its embassy in London Gillard has recently been appearing in a gig with Hillary Clinton; they are billed as pioneering feminists
BELLEVUE, WA – The Department of Justice and Second Amendment Foundation have reached a settlement in SAF’s lawsuit on behalf of Cody Wilson and Defense Distributed over free speech issues related to 3-D files and other information that may be used to manufacture lawful firearms SAF and Defense Distributed had filed suit against the State Department under the Obama administration, challenging a May 2013 attempt to control public speech as an export under the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), a Cold War-era law intended to control exports of military articles
If, as he now continues to state, he knew nothing of the abuses committed by McCarrick and the measures taken by Pope Benedict, how can his answer be explained? His recent statements that he knew nothing about it, even though at first he cunningly referred to compensation for the two victims, are absolutely laughable
The double standard here is pretty clear And we know exactly what the reaction would be if a student paper refused to publish any pro-Islamist content
That did not hinder other outlets to add to its smear Politico allowed "a former CIA officer," writing under a pen name, to suggest - without any evidence - that the Guardian has been duped - not by its MI5/6 and Ecuadorian spy sources, but by Russian disinformation:
What started after the 2016 election as a reduction in the rate of increase in the foreign-born population of working age has turned into an outright retreat This is in dramatic contrast to the last months of the Obama Regime, which saw year-over-year increases in immigrant working-age population far in excess of the estimated 1 million legal immigrants admitted annually, and which I argued meant that an unreported illegal alien surge was underway
S  2016 election, that it was a hack through Julian Assange
Mr  Wilson, an avowed anarchist who hopes for a world in which governments can’t stop individuals from getting guns, claimed his First Amendment right to free speech was being violated
How inconvenient that during a global prelate homosexual coverup scandal, the 2018 Synodal Bishop Conferences are exploring for ways during the Synod to discuss ways in which homosexual youths want to be “closer” to the Church! How inconvenient that since 2013 during Francis’ impromptu airplane presser when he cleverly sent a powerful message to homosexual clerics, “Who Am I to Judge,” now Francis must judge the criminal predatory conduct of homosexual clergy and prelates who preyed on youth and seminarians
It's an ideological one that spans cultures, just like Don Lemon's and Chris Cuomo's statism Demonizing those intent on violating the law and have demonstrated that they are doing it along the way and declaring that we will not allow such persons across our border is simply common sense, but you won't get common sense on CNN
They tell me that Pope Francis is sounding more and more like the men who abused them He’s sounding like the men who hid that abuse from the world, who taught their victims to blame themselves, who used spiritual pressure to persuade them and their families that it would actually be wrong, sinful, to defend themselves
Jeremiah 1:18 Don’t forget about Amos, who was prophesying judgment upon the corrupt priests and the corrupt king of his day (Amos 7:10-16)
Ms  Ford’s unsubstantiated accusation can completely destroy Judge Kavanaugh’s life by causing irreparable damage to his reputation for integrity and good character and to his career, which he has built up during decades of public service
The emotional impact of the Guardian story is to suggest that Assange is responsible for four years or more of Trump rule But more significantly, it bolsters the otherwise risible claim that Assange is not a publisher – and thereby entitled to the protections of a free press, as enjoyed by the Guardian or the New York Times – but the head of an organisation engaged in espionage for a foreign power
But the Iraqi Kurds went ahead Now they have lost Kirkuk and its oil, and their dream of independence is all but dead
Fisher is rightly incensed by Bergoglio’s cunning response, “I will not say a single word on this , ” concerning Archbishop Viganò’s damning indictment of Bergoglio’s rehabilitation of the monster once known as Cardinal McCarrick for some five years before adverse worldwide press coverage forced to him to punish that serial homosexual rapist of whose crimes Viganò had personally informed him back in 2013—information of which Bergoglio was clearly already aware at that time, as Viganò testifies I never thought I’d see the day when a preening, Internet-created neo-Catholic doyenne such as Simcha Fisher, as notorious as Mark Shea for her crude and often unprintable invective against traditionalists, would unload on Pope Bergoglio with the following headline: “Does Francis know he sounds like an abuser?”
 Comey for his actions during the Hillary Clinton email investigation and found that other senior bureau officials showed a “willingness to take official action” to prevent Donald Trump from becoming president… Some senior bureau officials, the report found, exhibited a disturbing “willingness to take official action” to hurt Trump’s chances to become president Perhaps the most damaging new revelation in the report is a previously-unreported text message in which Peter Strzok, a key investigator on both the Clinton email case and the investigation of Russia and the Trump campaign, assured an FBI lawyer in August 2016 that “we’ll stop” Trump from making it to the White House
Kamala Harris & Elizabeth Warren Have Ethics Complaint Filed Against Them In Senate The faces of the criminal Democrat Party, at least two of them, have now had an ethics complaint filed against them in the US Senate, and rightly so
Illegal Alien Wife Beaters Protected by Sanctuary City Mayor Busted Sanctuary cities are the real war on women
” As Successors of the Apostles, Schneider said they “could not act in another way
S  war in a region where all the previous wars in this century have left us bleeding, bankrupt, divided and disillusioned?
 6 elections Republicans have pointed to embattled Broward Elections chief Brenda Snipes’ record of past election gaffes in arguing that the largely Democratic country is tilted against them — perhaps fraudulently so
The Republican Party of Bush I and II, of Bob Dole and John McCain, is history It’s not coming back
“All of a sudden, the hearings are over, and the rumors start coming out,” Trump said “And then you this other con artist, Avenatti, come out with another beauty today
Even aside from its decade-long campaign against Assange, the Guardian is far from “solid and reliable”, as Greenwald claims It has been at the forefront of the relentless, and unhinged, attacks on Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn for prioritising the rights of Palestinians over Israel’s right to continue its belligerent occupation
That would enable the CIA to blame the assassination on a communist, which, not coincidentally, was the advice that the Pentagon and the CIA were doling out to Latin American military dictatorships at the School of the Americas In cases of covert state-sponsored assassinations, Latin American regimes were taught, a good strategy was to blame the assassination on a communist because then they could smear anyone who challenged the official story as a communist sympathizer
Dina Habib Powell is a deep part of the Republican establishment She is part of the swamp, part of the willfully ignorant McMaster crowd that clearly opposed Trump’s agenda
Couple question why police waited so long to search New Mexico compound (CNN) A New Mexico couple told authorities months ago they thought a missing Georgia boy and his fugitive father were living in a filthy compound on their property
Brazilian arms dealer arrested in the United States RIO DE JANEIRO — Brazilian police say the man considered to be the country’s largest arms dealer has been arrested in the United States by Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents
“The continued results of our deportation officers underscore ICE’s ongoing and steady commitment to public safety,” said Ricardo Wong, field office director for ERO Chicago “As part of this operation, we continue focus on the arrest of individuals who are criminal aliens and public safety threats
 government not treason? Other Presidents have been incompetent, corrupt, dishonest, but which has committed treason on a scale to rival the treason of Barack Obama?
 Keith Ellison (D-MN), aka Hakim Muhammad, at an event he was at on Saturday and questioned him about the police reports filed against him by women who claimed he abused them With documents in hand, Loomer hounded Ellison, asking him if he would respond to the reports, but the Democrat candidate for attorney general of Minnesota, despite the fact he doesn't have an active license to practice law, would not answer, but tried to flee like a frightened puppy
” That is, Fisher was not concerned about Bergoglio’s relentless assault on traditional Catholic teaching and practice—to her, opposition to Francis on that account is just “ideology”—but only his role in covering up sexual abuse by bishops and priests
” SO WHAT?
The American Church, instead of protesting corruption in government through the example of the Biblical patriarchs and our American forefathers (Matthew 5:17-18), teach to submit to tyranny as if to suggest that it is somehow obedience to God (Romans 12:21) The Church in America has failed to keep the Commandments of the God of Israel
Perhaps now, as an answer that fits our apparently contradictory puzzle pieces, we can finally accept his word on this Perhaps the world of Catholic academic theology had become so corrupted that a man called “progressive” in 1963, but whose ideas remained the same, would look like a “champion of traditional Catholic orthodoxy” by 2005
For him, this was a big correction (and as I noted the day before, it was an absolutely necessary one) President Trump then reminded everyone of the Obama administration’s failures in dealing with Russian meddling in the election
At the very least, she should be fired for this But then again, as we’ve reported already this week, Amber Guyger is subject to a different set of rules than common citizens, which apparently includes keeping a paycheck after admitting to killing an unarmed, innocent, pillar of society, Botham Jean
The radical Shiite Iranian regime purported to come to the “rescue” of both countries from the Sunni terrorists, turning Iraq into a virtual vassal state of the largest state sponsor of terrorism in the process Obama's disastrous nuclear deal with Iran legitimized Iran's path to eventually becoming a nuclear-armed state, while immediately filling its coffers with billions of dollars to fund its aggression
But a judge requested a second series of tests, which determined that the Malian immigrant was not able to stand trial, 20 Minutes reported Wednesday “We do not understand the determination and procrastination that consistently seeks to turn this killer into a demented person, when he is a murderer whose presumed detention doesn’t even hide his hateful anti-Semitism,” CRIF’s Francis Kalifat wrote
~~~ Given this incredible picture of a Carmelite Order in the last rattle of its death throes, the rest of the summaries of speeches given at the meeting in Avila read as outright surreal, leaving us to wonder if any of these people are attached in any way to reality
There are very few “conservative” Catholics in the Vatican journalist pool This means that his use of this language was a conspiratorial wink and nod to his immediate audience, a sly message to say, “People talk all the time about a gay lobby, but you and I both know this is mostly nonsense, propaganda from those people… those conservatives…We cool and hip people don’t hate gays, do we?”
Kritarch Patti Saris Saris like many other Federal judges does not like our current immigration system and wants another system more to her liking
” Martin thus revels in smug certitude that the future of the universal Church is in the hands of legions of intrinsically disordered homosexual bishops and priests and their homosexual successors, who will perpetuate an existing worldwide homosexual network, and that there is absolutely nothing we can or should do about it
“I’m not sharing my personal opinions very broadly, but wanted to share openly here in the circle of trust,” she wrote This email leaked to Fox News and Breitbart News and is now likely to become a centerpiece in the case that Google is throwing its weight around to interfere in elections in the United States in a partisan manner against the duly elected President of the United States
San Francisco, meanwhile, has adjusted its policy to notify ICE if they are releasing suspected undocumented immigrants who face charges of serious or violent felonies "This tragedy could have been prevented if San Francisco had simply turned the alien over to ICE as we requested, instead of releasing him back onto the streets," ICE Director Thomas Homan said in a statement on Thursday
In the final version of the resignation letter, sent to Gov Rick Scott, Snipes said it was her “passion and honor” to have served in the office
 President? They are unconstitutional and neither Congress nor you have the authority to give American's money to these countries
You want this seat? I hope you never get it
GOA Executive Director Erich Pratt writes: The anti-gun Left is hopping-mad, now that Judge Brett Kavanaugh has been confirmed to the Supreme Court
Common Cause, a nonpartisan group, claimed in the suit that Kemp, while secretary of state, failed to maintain “the security of voter information despite known vulnerabilities” leading up to the midterm The suit blasted the state’s “provisional ballot scheme,” that could disenfranchise a registered voter at the ballot box
We must no longer subsidize the malpractice of the architects of ruin Nor must we join the neo-Catholics in their mindless applause when one of these incompetents attempts to repoint a brick or two in the crumbling façade they have erected to obscure the Church of old
He has to go BREAKING NEWS: TRUMP TELLS JEFF SESSIONS TO PUT AN END TO RUSSIA PROBE AS HE CLAIMS PROSECUTORS DOING MUELLER’S ‘DIRTY WORK ARE A DISGRACE’ TO AMERICA
Amber Guyger took an innocent person’s life, and because people are so blinded by the badge, she is being portrayed as the victim To those who attempt to claim there is no bias in this horrifically flawed system, if ever there was a case to prove you wrong—this is it
Watching the full exchange it is obvious that President Trump was making a sincere effort to answer Acosta’s questions, the president actually took the time to answer three of his questions before rightfully losing his patients when Acosta refused to hand the mic over Not only that, he used his hand to forcefully push the female interns arm away from the mic
, and his son, Steven Hammond The Hammonds are multi-generation cattle ranchers in Oregon imprisoned in connection with a fire that leaked onto a small portion of neighboring public grazing land
“Breaking: Judge makes stunning decision in Muslim compound case after charges of racism,” by Carlos Garcia, The Blaze, August 13, 2018 (thanks to Robert): In a hearing Monday, a New Mexico judge found that suspects in a bizarre child abuse case were not a danger to the public, and released them on bond Defense attorney blames Islamophobia Two Muslim men and three women are charged with 11 counts of child abuse each after police raided their compound in New Mexico and discovered 11 malnourished children living in squalor
Sen  Lindsey Graham to committee Democrats: "This is the most unethical sham since I've been in politics
Mary, Mother of the Church, pray for us! Mary, Virgin and Queen, Mother of the King of glory, pray for us!
" Just spoke to @JohnKasich to express condolences and prayers to all for the horrible shooting of two great police officers from @WestervillePD
” Trump’s reelection campaign also got in on this week’s speculation game, texting supporters early Friday afternoon, “President Trump has put up with the WITCH HUNT for 2 YEARS
Neither Manafort nor these “Russians” are in the visitor logs … What possible motive would the Ecuadorean government have for facilitating secret unrecorded visits by Paul Manafort? Furthermore it is impossible that the intelligence agency – who were in charge of the security – would not know the identity of these alleged “Russians”
The looming crisis seems to be getting worse, not better, and Puerto Rico is experiencing a medical crisis of epic proportions Puerto Rico’s Power Grid Failure Is Causing A Public Health Crisis Of Epic Proportions
The signatories go on to give voice to the utter scandal of the pope’s failure to carry out his evangelical mission as the Vicar of Christ to call home the members of the Islamic faith: The pro-Islam speech of Your Holiness leads us to deplore the fact that Muslims are not invited to leave Islam, and that many ex-Muslims, such as Magdi Allam, are even leaving the Church, disgusted by her cowardice, wounded by equivocal gestures, confused by the lack of evangelization, scandalized by the praise given to Islam … Thus ignorant souls are misled…
When someone is shooting form a horizontal line its just going to keep shooting,” Palermo attempted to explain Take note that what he means here is that people were being shot at from ground level rather than the 32nd floor of the hotel
It is potentially detectable for three weeks but will be at its brightest between December 11 and 21 If you don’t see the asteroid itself, be sure to look out for the Geminid meteor shower, which is set to provide a spectacular show over the course of 10 nights in December, with as many as 100 shooting stars every hour
Those are illegal, improper goals, trying to influence the Election He should never, ever been allowed to
Committee Republicans considered the political optics and didn’t relish the prospect of their all-male team of 11 senators questioning a woman so they hired sex-crimes prosecutor Rachel Mitchell of Maricopa County, Arizona, to ask the questions at what promises to be a highly-watched hearing Democrats predictably freaked out at the decision to have a woman lead the questioning since their primary objective here is to embarrass and discredit Kavanaugh and other Republicans, not get at the truth
This article was originally published by Tyler Durden at Zero Hedge Being the paragon of political-correctness and queen of virtue-signaling opportunism, Hillary Clinton sat down with Recode’s Kara Swisher this weekend to answer questions about just how evil and awful conservative opponents have been in the last few months
How often I see and hear the professors of Christianity today walking contrary to the word and spirit of the Living Christ (2 Corinthians 3:6) How willing they are to overlook judgment when it comes to the criminals that run rampant in this country, and on the other hand how willing they are to show compassion to the criminals while overlooking the victims
But the Iraqi Kurds went ahead Now they have lost Kirkuk and its oil, and their dream of independence is all but dead
“Mayors are on the frontlines of America’s gun violence crisis, so it’s no surprise they’re also leading the charge to pass common-sense, life-saving laws,” Everytown President John Fienblatt said in a statement “It’s time for our leaders in Washington to follow the lead of America’s mayors and put public safety over NRA priorities
No amount of chest-thumping and empty rhetoric by American political and/or military leaders can offset this harsh reality This is the critical lesson of Yemen, and the United States would do well to heed it before it tries to foment a crisis based upon trumped-up charges
It is not about the Faith at all Rather, it is an ideological movement dedicated to the face-saving defense of a catastrophic failure in ecclesial innovation that has corrupted the human element of the Church in practically every department
In so doing, the bishops will incur the wrath of the enemies of the Church, yes They will be crucified in the media, yes
So, if, for example, the committee followed the rules and agreed Friday (today) to a hearing, the soonest it could be held would be next Friday, the final business day before the Supreme Court’s new term begins Of course, lawyers are masters of delay, and social justice warrior-lawyers hoping to torpedo President Trump’s agenda have an added incentive to drag the confirmation process out as long as possible
The Guardian, which did not identify the sources for its reporting, said that Manafort met with Assange “around March 2016” — the same month that Russian hackers began their all-out effort to steal emails from the Clinton campaign In a statement, Manafort called the story “totally false and deliberately libelous” and said he was considering his legal options against the Guardian
Later they were seen smiling and laughing over lunch Trump told reporters he would "absolutely" extend an invitation to the White House to Kim, who also heralded a new era
For Faggioli, the implication is that at least 50 percent of German Catholic children never see their parents receive communion and lose their faith because of it This, he says, is “bad for evangelization,” and in order to keep the pews full, the Church’s role should not be to deny communion to the divorced and remarried, but instead to ask, “What can the Catholic Church do to make the faithful able to receive sacraments?”
[Judge Orders Potential Release Of Hundreds Of Illegals From Iraq, by Stephen Dinan, Washington Times, January 3, 2018] He is ordering the release of hundreds of Iraqi illegal aliens and criminal aliens, all because he wants them to have another bite at the apple--they, like the Indonesians, lost claims to political asylum years ago
Law and order is likely to be a major issue in a parliamentary election scheduled for September with the populist, opposition Sweden Democrats linking public concern about the rising crime rate to a large increase in the numbers of immigrants “It would not be my first option to bring in the military, but I am prepared to do whatever is necessary to make sure that serious, organized crime is stamped out,” Lofven told news agency TT
For fifty years the Democrats have proven they will demonize conservatives as racist and sexist no matter how often they bow and scrape How about acting on principle for a change and shoot the alligator
 11 who had seen warning signs that something devastating might be in the planning stages But we worked for ossified bureaucracies incapable of acting quickly and decisively
Could we have been wrong about him? And if so, could we have been this wrong?
Sara, let’s start with your report A treasure trove, that is huge
That’s because he failed to conclude his article with one great big important point about former CIA Director Richard Helms What is that great big important point that Shapira, who, according to his tagline on his article, “enjoys writing about people who have served in the military and intelligence communities,” left out of his article?
Orban's border wall virtually eliminated illegal immigration Orban is openly Christian and seems to understand something that many do not and that is you do not allow a wholesale flood of antichrists to pour into your country
Donald Trump is extremely vilified not because he allegedly is/was racist/sexist, but because he threatens neoliberalism and neoconservatism, the American empire, one that continues to try and push an Orwellian state type of existence, which seems to be ramping up every single year Trump was not supposed to win, and no this isn’t about democrats vs republicans or that Trump is a saviour
In the latest Project Veritas midterm election sting, staffers working for Florida Democratic candidate for governor Andrew Gillum are caught on camera revealing Gillum’s campaign promises are lies and making racist statements about Florida voters Omar Smith, a Gillum campaign staffer who went to college with the candidate, says on video that if Gillum is elected, none of the things outlined in his platform would happen
The nearest neighboring major galaxy to the Milky Way is the Andromeda Galaxy The large galaxy is stunning in size and has around three times as many stars as the Milky Way does
Obama would have never been able to implement his nuclear deal if Senator Bob Corker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Affairs Committee, hadn’t agreed to cast the Constitution aside and ignore Obama’s constitutional duty to present the nuclear deal to the Senate for ratification as a treaty Over the past week, Trump and Corker have been involved in an ugly public fight precipitated by Corker’s announcement that he will not be seeking reelection next year
His exoneration is a complete travesty of justice BUILD THE WALL!"
The Swedish episode was bogus and farcical and he has been vindicated Katrin Axelsson and Lisa Longstaff of Women Against Rape summed it up when they wrote, “The allegations against [Assange] are a smokescreen behind which a number of governments are trying to clamp down on WikiLeaks for having audaciously revealed to the public their secret planning of wars and occupations with their attendant rape, murder and destruction… The authorities care so little about violence against women that they manipulate rape allegations at will
Because of this schizophrenic mindset of the Church’s leadership since 1965, we have all come to accept the underlying premise; that the Church is a “big umbrella” with plenty of room for people of all personal opinions, that such issues as liturgy are matters of personal “taste” …that two opposed things can both be Catholic truth This schizophrenia is the model under which “conservatives” have operated all this time, and by which they have judged a man like Joseph Ratzinger to be a “conservative champion of orthodoxy
He therefore called for a prompt intervention by the Holy See In writing up a memo[1] on these documents that were entrusted to me, as Delegate for Pontifical Representations, on December 6, 2006, I wrote to my superiors, Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone and the Substitute Leonardo Sandri, that the facts attributed to McCarrick by Littleton were of such gravity and vileness as to provoke bewilderment, a sense of disgust, deep sorrow and bitterness in the reader, and that they constituted the crimes of seducing, requesting depraved acts of seminarians and priests, repeatedly and simultaneously with several people, derision of a young seminarian who tried to resist the Archbishop’s seductions in the presence of two other priests, absolution of the accomplices in these depraved acts, sacrilegious celebration of the Eucharist with the same priests after committing such acts
The social-media company has told author and commentator Jamie Glazov that their standards forbid his article about how to prevent jihadi attacks on Americans It’s all about Glazov’s new book, “Jihadist Psychopath: How He Is Charming, Seducing, and Devouring Us
Carlson cited Dr  Robert Epstein, a social scientist and an expert on Google, who has said, in Carlson’s words, “Google alone could determine the outcome of almost any election just by altering its search selections and we would never know it
The campaign to discredit Archbishop Viganò began instantaneously on the Catholic left wing Only hours after Viganò’s sworn testimony appeared online, the professional Catholic dissident Sean Michael Winters, writing for National Catholic Reporter, smeared the former Apostolic Nuncio to the United States, who holds doctorates in both civil and canon law, as “a trafficker in conspiracy theories who mixes fact, fiction and venom,” “more than a little obsessed with homosexuality”—like Oliver Stone, who “was obsessed with the grassy knoll”—“a disgruntled former employee” and “always a crackpot
“This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further Bob Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 Angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to USA!” Trump wrote
Capitol Police are looking into the massive amounts of data the Awans reportedly downloaded off the congressional system, thousands of illegal logins made on the official system, possible theft of tens of thousands of dollars in congressional equipment and fraud and sent to foreign governments and groups No wonder the Democrats tried to squirrel these jihad spies out of the country
He [Bergoglio] knew from at least June 23, 2013 [the date of the audience with Viganò] that McCarrick was a serial predator Although he knew that he was a corrupt man, he covered for him to the bitter end; indeed, he made McCarrick’s advice his own, which was certainly not inspired by sound intentions and for love of the Church
 Trump’s withdrawal The head of Iran’s nuclear agency, Ali Akbar Salehi, said Tehran is prepared to dramatically increase its capacity for enrichment but that the work so far is limited to building a facility for assembling the centrifuges
These organizations have provided and continue to provide Zakkout with a facade of respectability In reality, he has done nothing to serve the community and only attempts to divide it with his hatemongering
One of the many things these secular reporters seem not to be paying attention to is that “no evidence” is in fact a well-rehearsed, stock response for Bergoglio He said almost exactly the same in 2013 when confronted about another predatory homosexual he was sheltering
Pray earnestly for the Church and all her ministers Pray for our seminarians
The only problem with this thesis? Everything that the President is DOING belies their argument
” His Twitter thread begins here: Somehow the openly racist and anti-Semitic Farrakhan and his hateful organization have managed for decades to avoid being harshly denounced as such by the news media, which instead has spent the last two years attempting to smear Donald Trump as the new Hitler
Another problem with Farage’s statement is that it manifests a remarkable ignorance of history While he is deeply concerned that British people not begin to think that resisting jihad terror means that they are in a “battle” with the “entire religion” of Islam, he appears unaware of the fact that many Muslims throughout history have considered their entire religion to be at war with the entire non-Muslim world
With this story, it has done what it regularly does when supposedly vital western foreign policy interests are at stake – it simply regurgitates an elite-serving, western narrative Its job is to shore up a consensus on the left for attacks on leading threats to the existing, neoliberal order: whether they are a platform like Wikileaks promoting whistle-blowing against a corrupt western elite; or a politician like Jeremy Corbyn seeking to break apart the status quo on the rapacious financial industries or Israel-Palestine; or a radical leader like Hugo Chavez who threatened to overturn a damaging and exploitative US dominance of “America’s backyard”; or social media dissidents who have started to chip away at the elite-friendly narratives of corporate media, including the Guardian
There is nothing about these stories that is okay These actions, committed by more than a few, can only be classified as evil, evil that cries out for justice and sin that must be cast out from our Church
Finally, the CIA made its request for secrecy to Trump at least several weeks ago The notion that the CIA suddenly hit Trump yesterday with a new argument as to why “national security” would be threatened, after Trump had supposedly already rejected the arguments that had been presented to him, causing Trump to suddenly change his mind, is, well, laughable
“We have our military on the border,” Trump said in Montana, while campaigning for the Republicans in the state ahead of next week’s midterm election “And I noticed all that beautiful barbed wire going up today, the barbed wire used properly can be a beautiful sight
We will stand strong and do our duty We will defend our civilization
“Avenatti is a third rate lawyer who is good at making false accusations, like he did on me and like he is now doing on Judge Brett Kavanaugh[,]” Trump wrote on Twitter “He is just looking for attention and doesn’t want people to look at his past record and relationships - a total low-life!”
An outbreak of the plague in Madagascar is spreading at an unprecedented rate With the ease of spreading the plague, the likelihood that this disease will move to other more densely populated regions of the planet has become a huge concern for many
So far, that has continued to be true This federal judge should know what the Constitution actually says and should have tossed this frivolous lawsuit in the trash where it belongs
” These homosexual networks, which are now widespread in many dioceses, seminaries, religious orders, etc , act under the concealment of secrecy and lies with the power of octopus tentacles, and strangle innocent victims and priestly vocations, and are strangling the entire Church
While the 69-year-old Jewish man (wearing a kippah on his head) was coming out of the synagogue, heading for a bakery near 17 rue Pelleport in Paris 20 th, he was attacked by a 19-year-old man, of North African descent, who hit him on the body and on the head, knocked down, pulled by the hair and beaten while shouting "Allah Akbar" Long live Hitler, to death the Jews
All are federal crimes Trump also continued to cast himself as a victim in the matter, saying when he attempts to “FIGHT BACK or say anything bad about the Rigged Witch Hunt,” his critics “scream Obstruction!”
The government employee’s symptoms were “very similar and entirely consistent” with those suffered in Cuba, he… Beware sonic weapon attacks, US tells citizens in China
That money has come from the taxpayers of course That means that you and I have been paying to cover up the epidemic of sexual harassment that has been taking place on Capitol Hill
S  involvement in Syria (hello, Russian proxy war), ratcheting pressure on Iran and regime change in North Korea
Previously Harding and the Guardian have published documents faked by the Moreno government regarding a diplomatic appointment to Russia for Assange of which he had no knowledge Now they follow this up with more documents aimed to provide fictitious evidence to bolster Mueller’s pathetically failed attempt to substantiate the story that Russia deprived Hillary of the Presidency
Early symptoms include fever, chills, headache, and myalgia (muscle pain) Several hundred people have been exposed to the virus as officials worry this outbreak could spread rapidly into regions already devastated by the ongoing black death outbreak
This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further Bon Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to [sic] USA!” Trump wrote
 Monahan's claims and Keith Ellison's unwillingness to address the public with his side of the story that perhaps, he has not changed his ways at all In fact, he can more than likely justify his actions based upon the demonic teachings of Muhammad in the Koran
The wolves are now looking with ravening eyes at the faithful They are, in short, our enemies
” The Kirkuk region holds 45 percent of Iraqi’s oil The Iraqi branch of Iran’s terrorist proxy Hezbollah has vowed that once ISIS is defeated it will start killing Americans, as it has done before
Trump is being led to the Rubicon If he crosses, he joins Bush II in the history books
There were times when I said to him, “Why don’t you just suspend that for a while and go along with it?” Of course, I knew beforehand what his answer would be and that was “no ” The enormous amount of information that has come from WikiLeaks, particularly in recent years, has amounted to an extraordinary public service
Make the documents public and let the chips fall where they may There is so much leftist dirt to uncover
What they do not want to admit to is the fact that today's illegal immigration picture is one that follows the Obama plan on dealing with the influx of illegals to a carbon copy President Trump, on the other hand, is following along with it by detaining illegal immigrants at the border and separating children from their apparent families
This was stopped by Ratzinger and the CDF But that raises the next question; if Ratzinger knew so well what kind of creature Kasper was, why wasn’t the next step to pitch him out of the episcopate on his ear?
Now the government is playing its usual role of being the fifty-first state of the United States It is a true disgrace
The right wing Ecuadorean government of President Moreno continues to churn out its production line of fake documents regarding Julian Assange, and channel them straight to MI6 mouthpiece Luke Harding of the Guardian Amazingly, more Ecuadorean Government documents have just been discovered for the Guardian, this time spy agency reports detailing visits of Paul Manafort and unspecified “Russians” to the Embassy
A San Francisco jury on Thursday found Jose Ines Garcia Zarate, also known as Juan Francisco Lopez Sanchez, not guilty of the murder of Kate Steinle on a San Francisco pier on July 1, 2015 The jury of six men and six women, including three immigrants, found the Mexican national not guilty of all murder and manslaughter charges and guilty only of felony possession of a firearm
The facts refute their arguments, but beyond that, the Second Amendment recognizes the right to keep and bear arms is a right given to us by our Creator, not a permission we gain from government So, while they tell you they support the Second Amendment and that their unlawful policies are consistent with it, nothing could be further from the truth
The truth is that the Guardian has not erred in this latest story attacking Assange, or in its much longer-running campaign to vilify him With this story, it has done what it regularly does when supposedly vital western foreign policy interests are at stake – it simply regurgitates an elite-serving, western narrative
As they should It's frivolous, but because they are immature children over at CNN, it's not surprising, and frankly, it's no surprise coming from Fox either
One video, according to the complaint, describes “Christians and Jews as ‘infidels’ and prais[es] Muhammad in gruesome detail for slaughtering them ” Parent Libby Hilsenrath characterized the accompanying assignment as “replete with biased, chastising statements encouraging the students…to follow the Quran and become Muslim
It was repulsive display leftist-fascist bigotry at its worst The bigoted BDS provocateurs applauded as Lew and the other two board members were removed from their posts
Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban Calls For Global Anti-Migrant Alliance Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban who has been at the forefront in Europe in standing against illegal immigration and the invasion of Muslims into his country has called for a global alliance to stand against the migrant invasion
” The black death outbreak has so far claimed at least 165 lives Although the plague is responding well to antibiotics right now, drug resistance is also an increasing concern amongst experts who predict it will vastly accelerate the disease’s death toll
Democratic Illinois Rep  Danny Davis thinks Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan, a notorious racist and anti-Semite, does “outstanding work” but doesn’t agree with Farrakhan’s positions that white people are “devils” and Jewish people are satanic
An assassination of the president by the Soviet Union and Cuba is obviously an act of war That means nuclear war is about to break out because there is no way that the United States is going to sit idly by when the Reds have just assassinated America’s president
Some Democratic legal observers note Abrams would be dependent on statues that set a high bar for the court to intervene Abrams Republican challenger, Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp, has held the lead and is expected to be declared the winner on Friday, charged that Abrams has led a “publicity stunt” and her refusal to concede the election serves as a “ridiculous temper tantrum
Juanita Broaddrick, Kathleen Willey, Connie Hamzy, Eileen Wellstone, Sandra Allen James, Christy Zercher, Paula Jones, Monica Lewinsky, Gennifer Flowers, Elizabeth Ward Gracen, Sally Perdue, Lencola Sullivan, Susie Whitacre and Bobbie Ann William are some of the women that have made allegations against Clinton, and if even half of their allegations are true Clinton should be in prison for the rest of his life In my article yesterday, I discussed how one Secret Service agent is charging former Vice-President Joe Biden of engaging in “Weinstein-level” behavior, and I also talked about how 15 million dollars in settlements have been secretly paid out to victims of sexual harassment in the House of Representatives in recent years
, the Soviets) and Cubans and entering into peaceful coexistence with the communist world In other words, unlike Lee Harvey Oswald, who had absolutely no motive to kill President Kennedy, the national security establishment did have motive, a powerful motive, the same motive that motivated the CIA and Pentagon to target other political leaders for regime change or assassination around that time, such as Mohamad Mossadegh, Jacobo Arbenz, Patrice Lumumba (who Kennedy admired), Fidel Castro, and Salvador Allende
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use The statement came just a day after Senate Democrats continued their smear of Kavanaugh by declaring they believed Dr
First, he suggested it was simply evidence of the Guardian’s long-standing (and well-documented) hostility towards Assange “The Guardian, an otherwise solid and reliable paper, has such a pervasive and unprofessionally personal hatred for Julian Assange that it has frequently dispensed with all journalistic standards in order to malign him
Laws are for conservatives Obama’s Treason: Even Worse Than We Thought
One way or another, the Church will have to repel an attacker at her very summit Either the human element of the Church will act according to the means which seem possible, however extraordinary, or Heaven itself will intervene in a manner that might well involve a divine chastisement due to the negligence of time-serving pastors who left their sheep completely undefended against the wolves who preyed upon them, including the wolf the cardinals improvidently elected Pope
“Any such ‘blessing rite’ would cooperate in a morally forbidden act, no matter how sincere the persons seeking the blessing,” wrote Chaput He explained such a “blessing” would encourage people to continue living in a way the Church considers gravely sinful and spiritually damaging, and therefore would be uncharitable
And, by doing so, took on Trump publicly in a way few Republicans in Washington have during his turbulent 19-month-old presidency “I took control of the Department of Justice the day I was sworn in, which is why we have had unprecedented success at effectuating the President’s agenda — one that protects the safety and security and rights of the American people, reduces violent crime, enforces our immigration laws, promotes economic growth, and advances religious liberty,” the AG said in a statement
Furthermore, Orban has also called out the man behind the curtain in a lot of the promoting of this Muslim invasion of the West, George Soros Anti-jihadist activist Pamela Geller praised Orban for his honesty and wrote, "At last, a politician who speaks the truth about the Muslim invasion of Europe
This “contrite” papal apology didn’t fly well even with the regular news reporters Philip Pullela, a reporter on the plane for Reuters, described it as “an extremely rare act of self-criticism,” for the “unusually contrite” Bergoglio, and noted that, “While the pope has vowed ‘zero tolerance’ for sexual abuse, his efforts have sputtered
Yet, in the midst of all of this, don't forget that the FBI ignore the intelligence that was provided to them, just like they have in many cases, which, if they had acted, they may have saved the little boy's life In the meantime, the New Mexico district attorney who failed to file for a preliminary hearing within 10 days and didn’t show up for court is vowing to pursue prosecution of these jihadis
Yet, this is what the perverse, modern-day, professing Christians are teaching the sheep in the American Church today It would do you well to now look to the Christ when He said that we are to beware of the leaven of the Pharisee’s (corrupt doctrines of those who claimed to be the children of God), as well as the leaven of Herod (corrupt doctrines of government) (Mark 8:15)
President Trump, on the other hand, is following along with it by detaining illegal immigrants at the border and separating children from their apparent families Since no one can know if the children really belong to the illegals who say they are their parents, they are separated until that can be verified, along with other background findings
‘Russian Collusion with the Trump Campaign, one of the most successful in history, is a TOTAL HOAX,’ he wrote ‘The Democrats paid for the phony and discredited Dossier which was, along with Comey, McCabe, Strzok and his lover, the lovely Lisa Page, used to begin the Witch Hunt
Why would he choose to walk away knowing that his task was not completed? At the time and since then, particularly in light of what has been happening, it seems one of the most bizarre aspects of this whole bizarre situation that the reasons offered have been so trivial, so inappropriately, so disproportionately petty
gov/wanted/terrorism and see for yourself No matter which category you choose, you won’t be finding many white men
 Francis’] death, he called together his children and warned them of the coming troubles: “Act bravely, my brethren; take courage and trust in the Lord
There has been no pressure from media in the United States, Britain, Australia or pretty much anywhere except in programs like yours outside the mainstream You are absolutely right in that the responsibility of journalists for what has happened to Julian Assange and what might happen to WikiLeaks is undeniable
 Carlos Castillo Armas, who proceeded to instigate a reign of terror across Guatemala The Guatemalan operation was brilliant and ingenious
That's exactly it And Dems have become honorary members of MS-13
Hellbent to destroy President Trump, they toil in Soviet fictions and titillating porn stories House investigators found the House server was being used for nefarious purposes and the alleged Muslim spies were removing information and sending it for foreign actors
Investigators believe that the three-year-old boy, who turned four on Monday, they were looking for had been at the compound in earlier weeks Siraj Wahhaj, 39, and Lucas Morten, two very heavily armed men who are believed to be “extremist[s] of the Muslim belief,” were running the horrifying compound, Hogrefe said
Him, the PLO and the KKK "Any Jew who opposes the Occupation — or opposes Zionism itself — knows that feeling of being shunned from the places that are supposed to shelter and nurture you: families, synagogues, community centers, arts organizations," Fishback continues
The aides complain about reporters who they say do not respect the solemnity of the setting, even as Mr  Trump flouts many of the norms associated with his office
Francis and Farrell’s 'Sinod' on the Youth, #StopThe Synod2018 During the last 5 years of this papacy, Francis and his Synodal Schemers masterfully manipulated, rigged, and exploited the synodal process
Should Trump fall, and a restored establishment attempt to reimpose the old policies, there will be a truly uncivil war in this country After the Trumpian revolt, there is no going back
There may be a few gestures of disarmament but Kim must know that his nukes are his means of survival In case Kim didn’t remember the dire fate of Iraq, Libya, and Syria, Trump’s new national security advisor John Bolton, a fanatic’s fanatic, cheerfully recalled the doom of Libya’s murdered Col
See here, here and here Similarly, the Guardian worked tirelessly to promote Clinton and undermine Sanders in the 2016 Democratic nomination process – another reason the paper has been so assiduous in promoting the idea that Assange, aided by Russia, was determined to promote Trump over Clinton for the presidency
C In doing so, he put other seminarians at risk
Civil magistrates have a divine duty to “execute wrath upon him that doeth evil ” Anyone who teaches that they have authority to execute wrath upon "him that doeth good” is ignorant and uneducated in their misleadings (1 John 4:6)
The subjects include the ‘Wishing Well’ star cluster as well as two large objects in the Kuiper Belt which have never been observed from such a distance before “New Horizons has long been a mission of firsts — first to explore Pluto, first to explore the Kuiper Belt, fastest spacecraft ever launched,” New Horizons Principal Investigator Alan Stern, of the Southwest Research Institute in Boulder, Colorado, notes in a statement
I have lost my diocese The headquarters of my archdiocese and my apostolate have been occupied by radical Islamists who want us to convert or die
 Immigration and Nationality Act ICE deportation officers carry out targeted enforcement operations daily nationwide as part of the agency’s ongoing efforts to protect the nation, uphold public safety, and protect the integrity of our immigration laws and border controls
 elites made China great again, to where Beijing is now challenging our strategic position and presence in Asia Could Republicans not see the factories shutting down, or not understand why workers' wages had failed to rise for decades?
The Mueller Circus is Over, Long Live the Mueller Circus The Mueller circus cost the taxpayers millions
“All of a sudden, the hearings are over, and the rumors start coming out,” Trump said “And then you this other con artist, Avenatti, come out with another beauty today
But it is also about freedom of speech, about our right to know, which is enshrined in the United States Constitution If the Constitution were taken literally, Julian would be a constitutional hero, actually
Was Pope John Paul THE GREAT an intolerant homophobe? Are Father Martin and his pals in the episcopacy really so enlightened over every pope, saint, and moral theologian in history?
About $12 trillion in trade deficits, $4 trillion with China alone, a loss of 55,000 plants and 6 million manufacturing jobs We imported goods "Made in China," while exporting our future
Investigators also speculated that a flawed spy device could be behind the victims' ailments in Cuba The US expelled 15 Cuban diplomats from the US after the alleged acoustic attacks
It has been noted by prison chaplains in our century that swift execution in most cases leads to admission of guilt and sincere repentance, whereas those who receive life sentences or suffer long delays are likely to maintain their innocence in hopes of a parole and eventually die in their sins As it is, the death penalty as administered by society must be viewed against the backdrop of divine revelation if it is to make any real sense
“The people who knew me then know that this did not happen, and have said so This is a smear, plain and simple
The only way to treat a person who has contracted the plague is with antibiotics But experts now warn that because they are being used so much to treat the infection, antibiotics resistance is inevitable and making this disease much more terrifying
I do hope that is true, but unless the Brits are going to put the same kind of fear in their representatives that the Muslims are doing, they can't expect to do what they want to do What Britain needs is a return to the God of their forefathers, the One Oliver Cromwell served
It's wrong Ford didn't even think to act, according to her testimony, until Kavanaugh was on the short list, but did she go to local law enforcement?
He found a narrative from British counter-jihad groups closely aligned with the alt-right, such as Britain First and the founder of the English Defence League Tommy Robinson ” The British counter-jihad movement is thus swept into the same group of violent extremists as Osborne, because Ganesh “knows” they encouraged him
It is high time that this begin The Democrats are committing voter fraud on a massive scale, and not only in Florida, but in Arizona, Georgia, California and elsewhere
Compound wasn't searched thoroughly, couple say When officers executed a search warrant on the compound, they found a horrifying scene
Strange ‘Sonic Attacks’ Against Diplomats Reach Epic Proportions The bizarre “sonic attacks” against diplomats began in Cuba, but have now spread to other countries with over 200 illnesses reported
* * * The public defender wasted no time in focusing his thoughts on President Trump and his administration…saying Zarate was “extremely relieved” by the outcome and that while Steinle’s death “was a horrible tragedy,” it was used as “political fodder for then candidate Donald Trump’s anti-immigration agenda
As expected, two Muslim women, Rashida Tlaib in Michigan and Ilhan Omar in Minnesota, have been overwhelmingly elected to Congress The establishment media will celebrate these victories as triumphs of America’s “diversity”; unfortunately, in reality neither one is worth celebrating
Whether or not justice involves the resignation of the most wayward Pope in Church history, the inevitable season of justice will culminate in the triumph of the Immaculate Heart of Mary and the Church’s restoration This will be a final victory over the enemies within and their apologists, such as Faggioli, who, in typical neo-Catholic style, imperiously scoffs at the notion of “a young clergy marked by personal sanctity but also by a fascination for a mythical Middle Ages” and busies himself defending an unsalvageable mass of corruption he dares to describe as “a Church-world relationship based on a principle of reality
There would have been feature stories in the New York Times, the Washington Post, and the Wall Street Journal CNN and MSNBC would be running special reports on toxic Christianity and the crisis in the churches
Shadi Hamid of the Qatar-funded Brookings Institution declared: “Trump has so rarely recognized that American Muslims even exist, but this offers apparent proof that he is aware of our existence Great!
Afraid that Ms  Ford’s sexual assault allegation could be readily challenged and anxious to establish some sort of pattern of sexual misconduct beyond this single alleged incident, the Kavanaugh haters have latched onto Ms
With this story, it has done what it regularly does when supposedly vital western foreign policy interests are at stake – it simply regurgitates an elite-serving, western narrative Its job is to shore up a consensus on the left for attacks on leading threats to the existing, neoliberal order: whether they are a platform like Wikileaks promoting whistle-blowing against a corrupt western elite; or a politician like Jeremy Corbyn seeking to break apart the status quo on the rapacious financial industries or Israel-Palestine; or a radical leader like Hugo Chavez who threatened to overturn a damaging and exploitative US dominance of “America’s backyard”; or social media dissidents who have started to chip away at the elite-friendly narratives of corporate media, including the Guardian
The new timeline has left investigators and researchers with new questions, two of which are extremely important: What happened during the 6 minutes between Campos being shot and Paddock opening fire, and why weren’t the police rushing to the scene immediately?
This testimony also backs up claims by another eyewitness, Rene Downs, who has spent the past few days doing interviews about a shooter inside the Bellagio Hotel Slowly but surely we are starting to see the official narrative regarding the Las Vegas Massacre be completely destroyed
We must never underestimate the crippling effect of comedy on the totalitarian Mullahs of the world Indeed, the contemptuous, snickering and roaring laughter of people, as they gaze at the pathetic rules and lives of Sharia’s gatekeepers, poses a danger to tyrants like no other
I immediately phoned Cardinal Wuerl, who expressed his surprise to me, telling me that he knew nothing about that announcement and that he would cancel it If, as he now continues to state, he knew nothing of the abuses committed by McCarrick and the measures taken by Pope Benedict, how can his answer be explained?
 ally in Syria, is an arm of the Kurdish PKK in Turkey, which we and the Turks have designated as a terrorist organization While the Kurds were our most effective allies against ISIS in Syria, Turkey views them as a mortal peril and intends to deal with that threat
 Dianna Feinstein about the supposed “due process” that needs to be given to Brett Kavanaugh’s accuser, and it’s one that goes like this: Where was mine? The Clinton machine did nothing but shut down Broaddrick and paint her as a liar
Sharp barbed wire fences are being erected along the US-Mexico border as thousands of US troops, supported by drones and choppers, prepare to repel what the country’s commander-in-chief called a looming migrant “invasion” approaches the United States border Anyone who doubts this is an invasion only need look at the size of the caravan and those that make up the majority of those marching towards our border
If you have directly witnessed sexual advances or any type of abuse, bring it forward as well Such actions are sinful and scandalous and we cannot allow anyone to use their position or power to abuse another person
For example, one year ago three cardinals sent me a letter (Cardinals Wright, Tabera [Arturo Carinal Tabera Araoz, one of the Council Fathers MJM], and Gabriel-Marie Garrone) telling me (in effect) that I must close the seminaries Well, I refused, because I refuse to contribute to the destruction of the Church
1: a forcible indoctrination to induce someone to give up basic political, social, or religious beliefs and attitudes and to accept contrasting regimented ideas 2: persuasion by propaganda or salesmanship (source) (Here’s an article from Psychology Today that discusses how Facebook is, in fact, brainwashing people for profit
In addition, you promised to obey and be loyal to your bishop In obedience, strive to live out your priesthood as a holy priest, a hard working priest, and a pure and happy priest — as Christ Himself is calling you to do
President Donald Trump has taken to Twitter in order to call upon Attorney General Jeff Sessions to end the investigation into his alleged Russian collusion Trump wants the Justice Department to “stop the rigged witch hunt” before it can “stain our country and further
A: I forgot about that It was not in my mind
But Trump on Monday morning tweeted that McGahn spoke with the special counsel team for “over 30 hours with the White House Councel, only with my approval, for purposes of transparency ” (The tweet included a misspelling of “counsel
" When pressed about those comments in light of Kim's brutal tactics, Trump continued praising the North Korean leaders' ability to run a country at a young age
8:7) ” It is an act of love to hate sin and to call others to turn away from sin
Imagine spending all that time studying Islam and yet still misunderstanding its true, peaceful message We can only hope that learned imams such as Pope Francis and H
The vaccine requires storage at a temperature between -60 and -80 degrees C, tricky in a country with unreliable electricity “We Now Have Urban Ebola” In Congo, WHO Warns Of “Potentially Explosive Increase” In Cases
They attempted to assassinate Jean’s character by claiming they found less than a half ounce of weed in his apartment However, they failed miserably at it
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Hellbent to destroy President Trump, they toil in Soviet fictions and titillating porn stories
Look to their feigned strength that they profess to possess It is gauged by simply looking to the prevailing immoralities and debauchers of society
How Do You Like Paying For Sexual Harassment Settlements from Your Congress, America? How Do You Like Paying For Sexual Harassment Settlements from Your Congress, America?
The progressive party can dare the Republicans to ignore the endless specious demands, stop the show-trial, and proceed to a vote on Kavanaugh, because they know the Republicans, fearful of the “optics,” will cave They know that the eleven male Republican Senators on the Judiciary Committee dread the #MeToo movement casting them as knuckle-dragging Neanderthal sexists who want to “silence” the accuser with their “cavalier treatment of a sexual assault survivor,” as one Ford lawyer has said
The is zero evidence in the Politico screed that supports its suggestions and claims It is fake news about a fake news story
To fall into the trap of parsing problems according to what society might find acceptable or unacceptable is ignoring the fact that the Church has never held ANY of it to be acceptable — neither the abuse of children, nor any use of one’s sexuality outside of the marital relationship, nor the sin of sodomy, nor the entering of clerics into intimate sexual relationships at all, nor the abuse and coercion by those with authority In this last regard, special mention should be made of the most notorious and highest in ranking case, that being the allegations of former-Cardinal Theodore McCarrick’s (oft-rumored, now very public) sexual sins, predation, and abuse of power
At the same time, according to military planning documents, the majority of the crowd might dissolve along their long journey to the US While the US still has very little intel about the composition of the migrant caravans, one way or the other the White House plans to outmatch the number of potential illegals and, if not, suppress them with brutal force
Both men are currently in prison on five-year sentences, thanks in part to a 1996 antiterrorism law that imposed a mandatory minimum sentence on certain crimes on federal land The length of their prison terms, in part, fueled outrage at their convictions
This argument is absurd on its face The whole point is to prevent Iran from becoming the next North Korea, not to kick the can down the road as usual
The killer had allegedly shouted, “Allahu Akbar” In the tragic comedy of denial that every Islamic terrorism investigation inevitably becomes, the authorities are still hunting around for his motiv Yonathan Halimi, Sarah Lucy’s son, describes the killer’s family as being known for its anti-Semitism
It is interesting to see the corruption that this kind of relationship produces Information has come out that the Crown Prosecution Service tried to prevent the Swedes from giving up the case against Julian on bogus sexual assault charges
In normal times, this might be a big story But the even the conservative non-Main Stream Media is currently too steeped in economic euphoria to notice
Harding earlier wrote a book about Edward Snowden which was a similar sham Julian Assange called it "a hack job in the purest sense of the term"
” The fight isn't hopeless for those whose hope is in the Lord and will stay the course
S -based Islamic organizations and their primary benefactor, Saudi Arabia, to present a view of Islam that whitewashes its violent history and intolerant doctrines
She tiptoed around the alleged sexual assault itself, instead focusing on process-related questions, presumably in an effort to show undecided senators how Ford and her handlers have been unfairly manipulating the process In much of her testimony, Ford came across as presentable and seemingly credible, though vague and sometimes evasive, her ridiculous overall story notwithstanding
2 billion active users will be bombarded with these messages without any real option for the other side of the story So regardless of whether you, personally, participate, this will color popular sentiment to a massive degree
Number one is justice The injustice done to this man is legion, both in terms of the bogus Swedish case and now the fact that he must remain in the embassy and can’t leave without being arrested, extradited to the United States and ending up in a hell hole
 Constitution clearly states that all citizens are born with inalienable rights to be free from persecution by the government,” Saucier said “My conviction and subsequent  for a minor military infraction compared to the treatment of politically connected individuals is a glaring example of a violation of the rights of all Americans to have equal protection under the law
Ed Pentin has a long file of interviews and articles about Muller that clearly show his complete inability to make up his mind whose side he’s on A quick examination of Muller’s interviews and statements reveal an irresolute and ultimately calculating mind of a man who is – so I am told by sources close to him – motivated mainly by a puerile desire to be approved of by the “cool kids” in the Vatican, on the one hand, and an unshakeable conviction of his own theological brilliance on the other
Did Oakland Mayor Tip Off La Raza to ICE Raid? The story of the Oakland mayor who tipped off illegal alien criminals to ICE raids resulting in rapists and child sex offenders escaping arrest just keeps getting worse
This could be a great mercy for them as well as for society, both in terms of expiation and protection from any future crimes they might have perpetrated The death penalty, from the first one imposed on man by God in the beginning in Eden, to the one imposed on God by man on that Good Friday in Jerusalem, on down to those still being imposed today, transcends human legislation
As Trump administration mouthpieces were gabbing about peace and light, the US Air Force was getting ready to fly B-52 heavy bombers and F-22 Raptor stealth fighters around North Korea’s borders and missile-armed subs lurked at sea This provocation was the first of two major spring military exercises planned by the US and its reluctant South Korean satrap
The hijabed (and therefore pro-Sharia) Ilhan Omar, meanwhile, is even more hateful than Tlaib According to the Daily Wire, in 2012 Omar tweeted: “Israel has hypnotized the world, may Allah awaken the people and help them see the evil doings of Israel
Somewhere in the “community standards” that Facebook demands everyone follow is a real doozy The social-media company has told author and commentator Jamie Glazov that their standards forbid his article about how to prevent jihadi attacks on Americans
and the examination of delicate cases, including those regarding cardinals and bishops, that were entrusted to the Delegate by the Cardinal Secretary of State or by the Substitute of the Secretariat of State To dispel suspicions insinuated in several recent articles, I will immediately say that the Apostolic Nuncios in the United States, Gabriel Montalvo and Pietro Sambi, both prematurely deceased, did not fail to inform the Holy See immediately, as soon as they learned of Archbishop McCarrick’s gravely immoral behavior with seminarians and priests
He has never been charged with a crime The Swedish episode was bogus and farcical and he has been vindicated
Hey, remember five minutes ago when Pope Francis shouted at a reporter in Chile that there was “no evidence” supporting complaints against his good friend Bishop Juan Barros? And, just for good measure he accused the people accusing him – victims of sexual abuse by Barros’ mentor, the convicted sex-predator Karadima – of committing “calumny”?
Yet, in the midst of all of this, don't forget that the FBI ignore the intelligence that was provided to them, just like they have in many cases, which, if they had acted, they may have saved the little boy's life In the meantime, the New Mexico district attorney who failed to file for a preliminary hearing within 10 days and didn’t show up for court is vowing to pursue prosecution of these jihadis
 Danny Davis, a Democrat, after an article in The Daily Caller said he lauded Farrakhan on Monday as “an outstanding human being ” Farrakhan has calledJews “the enemy of God and the enemy of the righteous,” and said Jews were responsible for the 9/11 terror attacks and the rise of the Ku Klux Klan in the 20th century
As to matters of purely ecclesiastical law such as this one the Church has always allowed for departures from traditional practice in cases of emergency or grave necessity And just as a synod was employed to address three rival claimants to the papal throne in 1046, declaring at least two of them deposed, so today might it be possible for reform-minded cardinals and bishops, comprising an imperfect council, to undo the incalculable damage caused by the cabal that lobbied for Bergoglio’s election before the last conclave—a cabal that included none other than McCarrick, whom Bergoglio rewarded by rehabilitating that monster despite the massive evidence of his unspeakable crimes
What is shameful about this is that her views are mainstream in the Democrat Party today She should never have been chosen as a candidate for Congress with hateful views of this kind, but this is the way the Democrat leadership, and the Democrat base, thinks
Mueller is done Huge victory for the president,” he said
You are now representing this FBI informant I think they will become an American hero out of all of this, but apparently, he was fighting and begging and pleading and saying the Russians are here, they are doing this, why are you paying attention?
I encourage all parents looking at alternatives to government schools —alternatives that provide children with a well-rounded education that introduces them to the history and ideas of liberty — to go to RonPaulCurriculum com for more information about my homeschooling program
Indeed! Thank you Prime Minister Orban for saying what needed to be said!
'I apologized to everybody in the world,' Clinton said, implying that was enough And the flustered former president, more famous for his Don Juan-like seductions than for his policy legacy, portrayed himself, not Lewinsky, as history's victim in the mass-media's retelling of the 1990s saga
Shop all books by Pat Buchanan With never-Trump conservatives bailing on the GOP and crying out for the Party of Pelosi to save us, some painful truths need to be restated
" Laura Loomer, a noxious far-right personality who formerly worked for Project Veritas, also started making hay with Haig's background in Arizona aerospace
" All very well and good, except for the fact that the Church's constant and unchanging moral teaching on this makes no such allowance
And for all those who took the time to keep this story alive and urge people to petition the White House on behalf of the Hammonds, thank you! It should be noted that the protests that took place in Oregon a couple of years ago were a response to the injustice the Hammonds faced
In his 2005 book Memory and Identity, John Paul referred to homosexuality as an “ideology of evil,” insisting of so-called 'gay marriage' that: “It is legitimate and necessary to ask oneself if this is not perhaps part of a new ideology of evil, perhaps more insidious and hidden, which attempts to pit human rights against the family and man
First, the very people who have been loudest in attacking President Trump about his performance at the Helsinki summit are the people who failed to protect America from Russian meddling in 2016 The very intensity and nastiness of former CIA Director Brennan and former Director of National Intelligence Clapper is an attempt to distract attention from their failure to protect America
Previously Dan Fishback had authored an article arguing for boycotting some Israeli plays Now he's whining that boycotting his play is a violation of Jewishness because Jews are a "people of dissent and argument
And Google likely violated federal election laws — not to mention the privacy of its users — in the services it provided the Clinton campaign Fox News’ Tucker Carlson read an internal email on Monday night’s show that outlined in a Google’ executive’s own words how the company was providing a “silent donation” to a group that was creating ads and donating funds to bus Latinos to voting stations in key swing states
He can’t; he has just explained all Qur’anic violence and intolerance away, leaving the manifest fact that all too many Muslims worldwide think that the Qur’an says exactly what he claims it does not say an unanswered conundrum Wills’ naïve, inaccurate, misleadingly sunny view of the Qur’an, of course, accords with that of his fellow Leftist Catholic, Pope Francis
Now consider this: even though, as President of the United States, Barack Obama had access to information that the general public does not have, and certainly knew of Iran’s involvement in the 9/11 attacks, Obama still pursued the Iran nuclear deal and gave billions to the Islamic Republic The Iran nuclear deal should never have proceeded — President Obama, the worst president in American history 
But what exactly is a neo-traditionalist? Quite simply: an orthodox Catholic who has had enough of the homosexual-infested regime of novelty imposed on the Church by the old men of the Council, Bergoglio merely being the latest, the highest placed, and one of the last
British member Peter Saunders, a former victim of priestly abuse, was ousted in 2016 He said the group was a toothless, paper-shuffling exercise
That the death penalty can become an instrument of revenge, and that unjust sentences are sometimes handed down can be dismissed as irrelevant to the argument Given the fallen human condition, such injustices are bound to occur in any judicial system, and everyone agrees that they should be ruthlessly remedied
Has Trump Opened the Door? Sagacious gun owners have always known that the ultimate goal of gun control extremists such as Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, Dianne Feinstein, et al
During the Myers controversy, defenders of his appointment, including some figures named here, claimed that it was an issue of apolitical scholarship Is co-sponsoring events with a hate group that has sponsored talks by a woman who accused Jews of drinking blood also apolitical scholarship?
This is critical information because it tells us how power works and we will never learn about it otherwise I think WikiLeaks has opened a world of transparency and put flesh on the expression “right to know
55 (as of 06:45 EDT - Details) In a letter to the Australian prime minister, Malcolm Turnbull, Julian’s father, John Shipton, wrote: “I ask the prime minister to do all within his power to return Julian home before Julian’s situation becomes an irreversible tragedy
There are reports that they plan to “rush” the border knowing that some will be caught, but the larger their numbers the more will have a chance to get through On Monday afternoon, Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen tweeted out photos of CBP officers in riot gear as well as the barbed wire and barriers citing the reports about plans to “rush” the border
Some very strange things are being said by senior members of these two governments The new foreign secretary of the United Kingdom, Jeremy Hunt, said sarcastically that the British police would offer Julian “a warm welcome” when he came out, when he would face serious charges
Is it a violation of submission to God's principles to keep preaching, “Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins…”? Absolutely not!
Fox News notes that ICE officials are asking the Department of Justice to look into whether she broke any laws by doing so ICE reports that 864 illegal immigrants with criminal convictions and other public safety threats "remain at large" in the area -- an indeterminate number of whom may have been tipped off by a Democrat mayor who betrayed the law-abiding citizens of Northern California
Rather, it is an ideological movement dedicated to the face-saving defense of a catastrophic failure in ecclesial innovation that has corrupted the human element of the Church in practically every department For people like Faggioli, indeed for the tradition-hating Pope they blindly defend, the one thing to be feared is that more and more faithful will recognize the neo-Catholic polemic for what it is—a fraud—and begin demanding a return of everything the regime of novelty has stolen from the life of the Church
A rare moment, indeed, when the immunity, the collusion was interrupted All the talk of Iran and nuclear weapons is without any reference to the biggest nuclear power in the Middle East
Pompeo also isn’t a huge fan of calling the federal government out when it is clearly violating the rights of Americans, as shown by his statements last year regarding WikiLeaks “It is time to call out WikiLeaks for what it really is – a non-state hostile intelligence service often abetted by state actors like Russia
” Is it simply a coincidence that this “researcher,” prior to coming to Oxford University, worked for Tell Mama, that factory for the production of bogus claims about Islamophobia?
Donald Trump has delivered on these as well as any president since Reagan The failures that killed the Bush party, and that represented departures from Reaganite traditionalism and conservatism, are:
Police shot him in the leg, ruled out terrorism and blamed mental illness In December of last year, Saleh Ali, a Syrian refugee wearing a keffiyah and waving a terrorist PLO flag, went up to a Jewish restaurant in Amsterdam, shouted “Allahu Akbar” and began smashing the windows
We have created these rules with a degree of regret,” Sanders said in a statement The fact that the White House submitted to such a ridiculous demand when it is simple human decency to conduct one's self in a proper manner, unlike how Jim Acosta treated both Sarah Sanders, President Donald Trump and a White House aide, is a testimony to how little those who represent us know of our Constitution
For China, money is now all The Russians are infected with the American propaganda infused into their veins during the Yeltsin era when Russia was an American puppet state
“You have no control over [Gilani], do you? You’re like, talking to a wall,” he said of Gilani
Immediately after the encounter, Dennis Rodman -- one of the only Americans to have met Kim -- was openly weeping while being interviewed by CNN's Chris Cuomo Even Kim seemed to acknowledge the surreality of the day
He also pointed to the presence of the pneumonic version, which spreads more easily and is more virulent, in the latest outbreak He praised the rapid response from WHO and Madagascar authorities that helped bring the outbreak under control, but warned that the danger was not over
Trump began his remarks by setting out Iran’s long rap sheet of aggression against America Starting with the US embassy seizure and hostage crisis, Trump described Iran’s crimes and acts of war against America in greater detail than any of his predecessors ever did
﻿ So it looks like @Google executives have been caught red-handed trying to throw the election to Hillary Clinton in 2016
In fact, I've often said if we catch people close to the border, we should not even bring them into the system if they are not citizens, but walk them back over the border and make sure they keep walking Often, by putting illegals into the system, it takes years to deport them, which costs the American people lots of money
This astonishing departure follows an implied but very clear assertion that Ricca has repented and given up his activity, an assertion that has absolutely no evidence to back it up We are simply asked to take the pope’s word for it, but given that it follows his astoundingly brazen lie that there was no evidence for Ricca’s homosexual activity in the first place, we can take the assurance for what it seems to be worth
The text messages are to be released “without redaction,” and those include messages from Ohr, Strzok, Lisa Page, former FBI Director James Comey, and former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe Carter Page told Fox News’ Sean Hannity on Monday night that the FBI’s investigation was “so incredibly stupid to begin with
 government not treason? Other Presidents have been incompetent, corrupt, dishonest, but which has committed treason on a scale to rival the treason of Barack Obama?
But this time, they may have gone too far Even by BDS standards, their manifestly anti-Semitic campaign antics were beyond the pale
As moderates go, Indonesia is about as close as it gets to moderate Muslims Mostly because the country would not last long without an outside high IQ elite to run the country
The Mexico City operation is a good example of that That’s why the CIA has to continue keeping those records secret
Well, that’s a good name Hitler was a very great man
From the neo-Catholic perspective, the events of recent days present a terrifying prospect: the final collapse of the Novus Ordo establishment, an end to the conciliar aggiornamento and a revival of integral Tradition, which growing numbers of young people are seeking Hence even before Archbishop Viganò had come forward, commentators like Faggioli were already sounding the neo-Catholic air raid siren
They did not come, they did not show themselves, they did not give evidence in court It’s all in the air
As the new dispensation’s foremost theologian, St  Paul would declare, the old penalty remained very much in force: “Almost all things, according to the law, are cleansed with blood: and without the shedding of blood there is no remission
Foolish Religion Author Gary Wills: ‘The Religion of the Qur’an Is a Religion of Peace’ Outside of specialists and seekers, the only reason why there is general interest in the Qur’an among non-Muslims is to seek an answer to the question of whether or not it justifies and encourages Islamic terrorism
” Given his long experience witnessing the church’s inertia on the issue, Saviano said, he has set his expectations at rock bottom
4) For the Qur’an, Christians “are only impurity” (Quran 9 28),” “the worst of Creation” (Qur’an 98
And we are immensely grateful for all the massive support that was given to us across the Internet, including especially from Breitbart, PJMedia, WorldNetDaily and Thomas Lifson at American Thinker Leading brave conservative figures such as Michelle Malkin and Laura Loomer also stood up for Jamie, tweeting about his ban -- and to them we send our heartfelt appreciation
We won’t be seeing anything near the same bravado with people scaling up and over this one Not with the changes they’ve made in response to the border-crashers that pushed their way into Mexico
“I have, on numerous occasions, noted our intelligence findings that Russians attempted to interfere in our elections Unlike previous administrations, my administration has and will continue to move aggressively to repeal any efforts – and repel – we will stop it, we will repel it – any efforts to interfere in our elections
Trump berated the country both before and after taking office However, Trump’s anti-Iran strategy goes against the better judgment of even the most anti-Iranian advisors in his staff who don’t want to see the U
Officials at the hospital say the main reason why patients run away is that they are scared of needles and don’t have much experience of hospitals Jean Benoit Manhes, the deputy representative of Unicef, told the Irish Times: “Some escaped because they’re afraid of needles
None of the foregoing is meant to suggest that the homosexual invasion of the Catholic hierarchy is confined to American prelates and priests The spread of clerical sodomy has not respected national boundaries but rather extends throughout the Church under the eyes of a Vatican apparatus that is itself thoroughly infested with homosexuals
One thing we know for sure is that, despite this lifting of Jamie’s ban, Facebook and the leftist totalitarians in other social media venues and in the culture at large will continue their unrelenting effort to suffocate dissent and conservative voices On Facebook, many brave conservative truth-tellers continue to be censored in myriad ways; these individuals include Anni Cyrus, Bosch Fawstin, Mark Lutchman and, of course, Diamond & Silk
’ McElroy was also well aware of McCarrick’s abuses, as can be seen from a letter sent to him by Richard Sipe on July 28, 2016 ” Like Cupich, Tobin and Farrell, McElroy is an avid promoter of Martin’s homosexual subversion of the Church, calling opposition to Martin symptomatic of a “cancer of vilification [that] is seeping into the institutional life of the church
Boy, I hope you never get it I hope the American people can see through this sham, that you knew about it and you held it
This federal judge should know what the Constitution actually says and should have tossed this frivolous lawsuit in the trash where it belongs Instead, he is demonstrating he is not even fit to sit on the bench, and the attorney generals of each of these states are demonstrating they are not fit to be in the office they are in
The way to gauge those who are actually taking ground for the kingdom is to see who is in the midst of a continuous warfare (always in trouble, slandered, lied about, defamed etc) fighting the good fight of faith because they trust in the living God (Matthew 11:12; 1 Timothy 6:12) John Calvin said, “Whomsoever the Lord has adopted and deemed worthy of His fellowship ought to prepare themselves for a hard, toilsome and unquiet life, crammed with very many and various kinds of evil
If not for that one case, McCarrick’s sixty years of homosexual debauchery might well have gone unpunished in this world and he would have died still possessed of all the phony honors that had been heaped upon him throughout his career as a parasite in the Body of Christ, including the favor shown to him by Bergoglio The telling details of Archbishop Viganò’s testimony concerning Bergoglio’s friendly relations with McCarrick before he finally had to cut him loose—details conveniently ignored by Winters, Allen and Shea—are utterly devastating to any defense of Bergoglio
In a recent speech to the MeK – a violent Islamist-Marxist cult that spent two decades on the US terror watch list – Giuliani promised that the Trump Administration had made “regime change” a priority for Iran He even told the members of that organization – an organization that has killed dozens of Americans – that Trump would put them in charge of Iran!
This is, indeed, a new fashion Some esteemed people shed tears about what the Jews call ‘the Holocaust
Homeschooling Expands As Parents Seethe Over Liberal Social Engineering And Violence Homeschooling rates are skyrocketing as parents are continually getting more and more upset at the leftist social engineering taking place in public schools
" "There is simply no way of telling how much damage has already been done by Cody Wilson's dangerous and reckless actions," Brady Campaign co-president Kris Brown said in a statement
Later they were seen smiling and laughing over lunch Trump told reporters he would "absolutely" extend an invitation to the White House to Kim, who also heralded a new era
The current crisis has put those broader goals at risk, and the White House has scrambled to find a face-saving solution for the Saudi rulers Trump has said he would impose “severe” punishment if proof emerges that Saudi rulers sanctioned Khashoggi’s murder, but he has not said what that would entail
–Patrick Henry Recently, I received a newspaper article from a confused, biblically illiterate friend asking me what my take was on an article titled, “Scripture teaches to submit to authorities” with reference to Romans Chapter 13
Most of the cases in the past have been of the bubonic plague but if you look at this particular outbreak, 70 percent of the cases are pneumonic plague, which is the most deadly form of the disease If the treatment is not given in a very short period of time these people will end up dying
But Muslim claims of victimhood are so polished and reflexive by now, and the Leftist acceptance of them so matter-of-fact and instinctive, that Judge Sarah Backus fell right into line We can only hope that no one dies because of her folly
However, what is entirely clear is the fact that a mother and father are now and will be grieving for the rest of their lives because of her actions And, in a slap to the face of Jean’s parents, the person who admitted to killing their innocent son has yet to be arrested
com/2xN9xqppRC — Allison Harris (@AllisonFox4News) September 8, 2018 Even as cops come to Guyger’s defense and attempt to shame, smear, and discredit her victim—who was an upstanding member of society regardless of the plant they claim to have found—they are failing miserably
Judge Kavanaugh should have to prove that he is not guilty, they are in effect insisting This is another case of Kavanaugh Derangement Syndrome
Officials still expect it to be six more months before electricity can be fully restored to Puerto Rico As the days have become weeks, the weeks will become months, and survival will get more difficult
” No, Bergoglio cannot “simply fire” bishops Except whenever he pleases, as we have seen again and again with the conservative bishops and even Cardinals (Burke and Müller) he has sacked because their conservatism offended him or one of his friends, prompting even Crux to ask: “Does Pope Francis have an enemies list?” Then again, Francis even obtained the removal of his own “trusted counselor” McCarrick from the College of Cardinals, albeit only when forced to act due to worldwide condemnation in the media
“Creepy Lawyer” for porn star Stormy Daniels claims to represent a woman who also should be allowed to testify to the Senate Committee about Kavanaugh’s partying habits while at Yale We’ll have to see whether Grassley can find the stomach to put an end to the farce of allowing unsubstantiated charges from Democrat activists to waste the Committee’s time
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump continued bashing Robert S  Mueller III’s Russia investigation, saying cryptically Monday the special counsel is “looking for trouble
The supply-side policy did not require budget cuts, but in order to demonstrate the Democrats lack of sincerety, Hayakawa’s aid and I had our senators introduce a series of budget cuts together with tax cuts that, on a static revenue basis (not counting tax revenue feedbacks from the incentives of the lower tax rates) kept the budget even, and the Democrats voted against them every time When the combination of tax cuts with defense budget cuts came up for a vote, the legendary senator Strom Thurmond, a 48-year member of the US Senate from South Carolina, tapped me on the shoulder
Of that book, no less than Robert Royal—signaling growing alarm over the Bergoglian Debacle in the Catholic mainstream— has written : “About 90 percent of it is simply incontrovertible, and cannot help but clarify who Francis is and what he’s about ” And the picture that emerges in stark relief in The Dictator Pope, as Life Site News reports , is that of “a power-hungry, manipulative dictator, [who] celebrated the abdication of Benedict XVI” because he knew what it meant: that the plan to give him the Keys of Peter in 2005 would finally come to fruition in 2013
That includes his public and repeated repudiations of Louis Farrakhan’s views over the years Today is no different – he still rejects the harmful and divisive views Farrakhan continues to espouse
Trump showed Kim the movie on an iPad during their talks Here in futuristic Singapore, however, Kim was able to view the benefits of economic advancement at close range
com Communist Door Boy Attacks Teen Trump Supporter
It also says the way the administration revoked the pass, with no direct notice to Acosta or a written explanation detailing the decision, violated the Fifth Amendment’s protection of due process and the federal Administrative Procedures Act “This severe and unprecedented punishment is the culmination of years of hostility by President Trump against CNN and Acosta based on the contents of their reporting — an unabashed attempt to censor the press and exclude reporters from the White House who challenge and dispute the president’s point of view,” the suit says
Article posted with permission from Sons Of Liberty Media Pit Bull Journalist Hounds Keith Ellison Over Abuse Of Women - Watch Him Flee!
The former Apostolic Nuncio to the United States has, as they say, doubled down Far from backing-away and making excuses for his early actions, as we’ve all become so accustomed to seeing in these rare cases where a hierarch breaks ranks, Archbishop Viganò is digging in with a 4-page bombshell that restates his initial accusations of abuse cover-up against Francis and other powerful members of the hierarchy, and even concludes with a suggestion that Francis is beginning to act as a “substitute of our Lord
Kritarch Patti Saris, who thinks it is the job of District Court judges to micromanage the deportation system of the United States, got her wish One of the Indonesian illegal aliens benefiting from her little amnesty took the hint and used the opportunity that Saris created to flee from arrest and deportation, absconding to a sanctuary church to hide from arrest
He then transferred the data to Pakistan And the most powerful Democrats continue to protect jihad-treason
Slowly but surely we are beginning to see the truth about the horrific attack come to light despite authorities desperately trying to prevent it from reaching the American people Sadly, the picture emerging is one that includes a shocking amount of evidence pointing towards a classic deep state false flag operation
As usual, Republicans’ seeming reasonableness is rewarded with more abuse by the Left Give left-wingers an inch and they’ll take a mile
They have absolutely nothing in common They cannot agree on God's law, which most Western societies were base on, including the united States
We must no longer subsidize the malpractice of the architects of ruin Nor must we join the neo-Catholics in their mindless applause when one of these incompetents attempts to repoint a brick or two in the crumbling façade they have erected to obscure the Church of old
What of public high schools across the country that we have been going into in order to educate the youth as to who we are, and not what the revisionists and propagandists would have them believe that we are We have shown the young people that abortion is murder and that 58 million babies have been murdered since 1973 under the guise of woman’s choice (Proverbs 6:17)
Perhaps now, as an answer that fits our apparently contradictory puzzle pieces, we can finally accept his word on this Perhaps the world of Catholic academic theology had become so corrupted that a man called “progressive” in 1963, but whose ideas remained the same, would look like a “champion of traditional Catholic orthodoxy” by 2005
Malcolm Turnbull can remain silent Or he can seize this opportunity and use his government’s diplomatic influence to defend the life of an Australian citizen, whose courageous public service is recognised by countless people across the world
“Interesting: The new CIA Director Haspel, who ‘tortured some folks,’ probably can’t travel to the EU to meet other spy chiefs without facing arrest due to an @ECCHRBerlin complaint to Germany’s federal prosecutor,” tweeted Snowden Interesting: The new CIA Director Haspel, who "tortured some folks," probably can't travel to the EU to meet other spy chiefs without facing arrest due to an @ECCHRBerlin complaint to Germany's federal prosecutor
ICE had already called out Oakland's radical leftist boss for helping criminals and endangering ICE personnel by tipping them off that a raid was coming Her actions were quite clearly illegal, though she claimed that she had cleared her actions with lawyers beforehand, And now, a member of the #Resistance may actually end up fighting obstruction of justice charges
" In 1994, Farrakhan said: "Murder and lying comes easy for white people
Neither Manafort nor these “Russians” are in the visitor logs … What possible motive would the Ecuadorean government have for facilitating secret unrecorded visits by Paul Manafort? Furthermore it is impossible that the intelligence agency – who were in charge of the security – would not know the identity of these alleged “Russians”
She continued "I worry about this country
 embassy cables With Assange now trapped in the Ecuadorean embassy, Harding, who had enriched himself on the backs of both Julian Assange and Edward Snowden, stood among the police outside the embassy and gloated on his blog that “Scotland Yard may get the last laugh”
After Kavanaugh unleashed his own refutation of the charges and blasted Democrats for their attacks on him, near the closing of the hearing, Graham finally said what everyone had been waiting on and said it with passion "What you want to do is destroy this guy's life, hold this seat open, and hope you win in 2020," Graham blasted Democrat Senators on the committee
It’s nothing but elite people, corporations and the financial elite that have become drenched with so much power that they have been able to direct human will and use it for their own selfish purposes With powerful revelations that have come to light, like elite pedophilia and ritual abuse, and extreme corruption, why do we still participate?
 market, get a strong hold on our uranium, and without a doubt we knew they were using political levers to try to get their way here We are talking about control, like this document says, they are trying to gain control of our markets
FBI Arrests 5 Muslims From New Mexico Jihad Compound Days After Multiple Charges Were Dropped Just days after a district judge dropped all charges against three of the Muslim jihadis at the New Mexico terror compound where a child was killed and 11 other children were being trained to commit jihad in mass school shootings, the Federal Bureau of Investigation has stepped up to arrest five Islamists, but the charges are no longer the same
” There is, therefore, no legitimate reason whatever for any religious house to attempt to “turn back the clock” to the pre-Vatican II norms or styles of religious life Anyone attempting to do this are Bad Nuns [insert string of incomprehensible papal insults here
The plague is a lie,” Helene Raveloharisoa told the wire service Josephine Ralisiarisoa firmly believes the country’s cash-strapped government is just exaggerating the problem to get money ahead of an election next year
JP: Nothing in my time as a journalist has equaled the rise of WikiLeaks and its extraordinary impact on journalism It is probably the only journalistic organization that has a 100% record of accuracy and authenticity!
Assange Never Met Manafort. Luke Harding and the Guardian Publish Still More Blatant MI6 Lies
Yet, the party keeps on inviting an imam, who has a long record of hostility toward homosexuals, to participate at its annual functions This blatant hypocrisy shows the political bankruptcy of their leadership’s claims to be pro-gay and anti-bigotry and reveals their intention to pander to those in the Muslim community who spew intolerance and would wish others harm
” There is, therefore, no legitimate reason whatever for any religious house to attempt to “turn back the clock” to the pre-Vatican II norms or styles of religious life Anyone attempting to do this are Bad Nuns [insert string of incomprehensible papal insults here
One might ask, is “unseemly sycophancy” at work among the media? The silence of what used to be the noble profession of journalism is deafening
It is likely that millions of people took note of its claim But several people who had followed the Russiagate fairytale and the Mueller investigation were immediately suspicious of the Guardian claim
The Special Counsel’s Office was tasked broadly with investigating any links or coordination between the Russian government and individuals associated with the Trump campaign, as well as any matters that arose directly from the probe However, the scope of the investigation seems to have bled outside those lines
According to ABC News, the ‘mystery woman’ everyone on the internet was talking about has been identified While officials did not reveal the woman’s name, they did tell reporters she was a prostitute
That the death penalty can become an instrument of revenge, and that unjust sentences are sometimes handed down can be dismissed as irrelevant to the argument Given the fallen human condition, such injustices are bound to occur in any judicial system, and everyone agrees that they should be ruthlessly remedied
Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller Why White House Leaker Dina Habib Powell “McMaster’s Huma Abedin” Should Not Be UN Ambassador
“If ISIS warns about an attack and then an attack occurs and claims responsibility after the fact, it seems to me that at a minimum, they should have some portion of the investigation to clearly debunk that claim and, yet, it hasn’t happened,” he said Lawmaker makes shocking claim about the Vegas massacre (video)
As I said above, Russiagate is an orchestratration to prevent peace between the US and Russia Leading military/security complex experts, including the person who provided the CIA’s daily briefing of the President of the United States for many years, and the person who devised the spy program for the National Security Agency, have proven conclusively that Russiagate is a hoax designed for the purpose of preventing President Trump from normalizing relations between the US and Russia, which has the power to destroy the entirety of the Western World at will
As it is, the death penalty as administered by society must be viewed against the backdrop of divine revelation if it is to make any real sense When Catholic society puts a man to death, it terminates only his temporal life on earth, catapulting him into eternity for his final judgment before almighty God
 Merkel or President Macron Take notice: the future is ours and not yours
It is worth noting it should be vitally important for a serious publication like the Guardian to ensure its claims are unassailably true – both because Assange’s personal fate rests on their veracity, and because, even more importantly, a fundamental right, the freedom of the press, is at stake Given this, one would have expected the Guardian’s editors to have insisted on the most stringent checks imaginable before going to press with Harding’s story
” Yet, in the midst of all of this, don't forget that the FBI ignore the intelligence that was provided to them, just like they have in many cases, which, if they had acted, they may have saved the little boy's life
Francis said that until he sees proof that Bishop Juan Barros was complicit in covering up the sex crimes of the Rev Fernando Karadima, such accusations against Barros are “all calumny
Zilch Sebastian Gorka is crucially correct, therefore, when he recommends a national counter-propaganda campaign that involves a two-part approach: the first being the bolstering of efforts to define our enemy (Steps #1 and #4 above) and, second, the strengthening of our allies and partners in their own counter-propaganda efforts – which must include our empowering of Muslims who are trying to form an anti-Jihadist version of Islam
Doctoring is when you manipulate the content to misconstrue the reality of what took place If you want to see doctoring, go to 0:58 of the video above, and don't be drinking anything when you do because it's hilarious
Other Presidents have been incompetent, corrupt, dishonest, but which has committed treason on a scale to rival the treason of Barack Obama? The Iranians also operate a global network of jihad terror organizations, one of which, Hizballah, is quite active in Mexico now, with the obvious ultimate intention of crossing the border and committing jihad massacres of Americans
Compared to his other jokes, ones specifically targeting sexual orientation audibly receive less laughter from the crowd Patel pushed back on the officials’ remarks, and said that while he stood in solidarity with Asian American identities, none of his remarks were offensive, and he was exposing the audience to ideas that would be found “in the real world
“I hated myself for making the worst decision I ever made,” Khweis wrote to the judge in a letter “I ruined my life and my family’s life
 Ford for the Washington Post’s review The therapist’s notes “do not mention Kavanaugh’s name but say she reported that she was attacked by students ‘from an elitist boys’ school’ who went on to become ‘highly respected and high-ranking members of society in Washington
Trump knew perfectly well that he could not destroy all of North Korea’s deeply buried nuclear-armed missiles, and, in spite of his huffing and puffing, had no stomach for an invasion of North Korea that could cost the US an estimated 250,000 casualties So Trump’s solution was more show-biz
Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban Calls For Global Anti-Migrant Alliance Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban who has been at the forefront in Europe in standing against illegal immigration and the invasion of Muslims into his country has called for a global alliance to stand against the migrant invasion
Inhuman and criminal annihilation runs in the veins of many in the West Hitler embodies one type of modern Western annihilation
“Our presidency has taken a stand: we cannot give in to extortion For us, Hungary is first
Editor's Note: In a March 11th letter signed by Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI and addressed to Msgr Dario Vigano, prefect of the Secretariat for Communications, the former pope reportedly offers an impassioned defense of Pope Francis against the claim that he lacks theological and philosophical formation
The Guardian, reputedly once a great liberal newspaper, conducted a vendetta against Julian Assange Like a spurned lover, the Guardian aimed its personal, petty, inhuman and craven attacks at a man whose work it once published and profited from
Bank fraud does not explain why the Awans were kicked off the House network concurrent with the urgent memo, which did not cite bank fraud A Democratic IT aide who alleged that Imran solicited a bribe from him told TheDCNF he believes members of Congress are playing dumb and covering the matter up
– Catherine Booth The way to gauge those who are actually taking ground for the kingdom is to see who is in the midst of a continuous warfare (always in trouble, slandered, lied about, defamed etc) fighting the good fight of faith because they trust in the living God (Matthew 11:12; 1 Timothy 6:12)
Just out of hospital, I was in no shape to compete with the great Economist or its very witty headline writers But after watching a week of post Singapore summit between Great White Father Trump and delinquent Kim Jong-un I must totally agree with the Economist
They are doubling down and only after being called on it are they trying to backtrack Rich Penkoski is hardly the first to protest this egregious submission to the most vicious and brutal ideology on the face of the Earth
C ), who is frequently a target of conservatives for going rogue on important issues, partly redeemed himself in the eyes of many conservatives
Early on Friday, Trump also falsely claimed on Twitter that Garcia Zarate had previously committed violent crimes and had illegally entered the US six times due to lax border security under the Obama administration "The Kate Steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected Obama border, always committing crimes and being violent, and yet this info was not used in court
So why are our bishops playing dumb? Quite obviously, it is because what they are actually closing an episcopal eye to are the folks who want to keep right on sinning--and sinning proudly
Perhaps There are plenty of other partisan, conservative judges, and plenty of conservative judges who lean towards an expansive view of presidential powers
Last October, the Australian Broadcasting Corporation journalist Sarah Ferguson interviewed Hillary Clinton, over whom she fawned as “the icon for your generation” This was the same Clinton who threatened to “obliterate totally” Iran and, who, as U
Additionally, Carlson also noted during the initial broadcast of the private surveillance footage that the owner of the camera was never approached by the FBI, who have so far never seen the footage, much less investigated it While we may never know what actually happened during the Las Vegas Massacre, the fact remains that the official story has been proven, time and time again, to be absolutely false and in fact nothing more than a pathetic attempt at a cover-up
Investigators also speculated that a flawed spy device could be behind the victims' ailments in Cuba The US expelled 15 Cuban diplomats from the US after the alleged acoustic attacks
So far, we are being told that authorities are keeping an eye on the migrants as they celebrate their journey, but no reports have been issued saying they have actually crossed over yet Migrant Caravan Reach Border & Climb Atop Fencing Effortlessly (Video)
And instead of protesting the murder of 58 million innocent babies (Proverbs 6:17), they merely pass it off as a "choice," that being the lessons that they learned from the media that they say that they do not believe (Romans 1:18) The American Church, instead of protesting corruption in government through the example of the Biblical patriarchs and our American forefathers (Matthew 5:17-18), teach to submit to tyranny as if to suggest that it is somehow obedience to God (Romans 12:21)
It is incredible And all in the name of the Council
“If the police have some fear, I understand that fear,” Willis said “We seem to have an overabundance of bad police
He will then be extradited from London to the USA on charges of espionage Assange is not a whistleblower or a spy – he is the greatest publisher of his age, and has done more to bring the crimes of governments to light than the mainstream media will ever be motivated to achieve
For nearly two millennia, Jews have suffered persecution after persecution at the hands of those who used religion as a vehicle for hate and even mass murder Recently, a video clip of anti-Semitic pastor Steve Anderson – making the claim that Jews have experienced such abuse because they have somehow been cursed – wound up on the personal Facebook page of South Florida Muslim leader Sofian Zakkout
And of course, since we are talking about Al Franken, it wasn’t exactly difficult to find material For example, a photo has surfaced of Franken grabbing Joy Behar in a very creepy manner
That, of course is not her role The only claim they have before a Federal court is if they got the due process that Congress gave those illegal aliens
” If putting the cart of exoneration before the horse of investigation were not enough, Comey’s draft statement underwent various language changes over the course of the next two months, including, most importantly, changing the description of Clinton’s handling of classified information from “grossly negligent” to “extremely careless
Last January, parents filed a federal complaint against Chatham Middle School in Chatham, New Jersey, for forcing students to watch videos that proselytized for Islam One video, according to the complaint, describes “Christians and Jews as ‘infidels’ and prais[es] Muhammad in gruesome detail for slaughtering them
— The Associated Press (@AP) August 8, 2018 People can continue to put their heads in the sand all they want to because they know "nice" Muslim people, but the fact of the matter is that the history of Islam is anything but nice, polite, just or holy 
” In a devastating exchange with Horowitz, Gowdy said that “prejudging the outcome of an investigation before it ends, and prejudging the outcome of an investigation before it begins” is the “textbook definition of bias
“The only food We saw were a few potatoes and a box of rice in the filthy trailer,” said Hogrefe “But what was most surprising, and heartbreaking was when the team located a total of five adults and 11 children that looked like third world country refugees not only with no food or fresh water, but with no shoes, personal hygiene and basically dirty rags for clothing
(John 15:22) I told her that there are too many counterfeits, self-proclaimed leaders, out there who care more about saving face, than they do the souls of men (Luke 19:10), as well as saving their country
” Smith adds that because not all Democratic voters are the same, that the Gillum campaign needs to appeal to “white guilt” to turn out the vote:
Following is a transcript: Jihad Al-‘Ayesh: “Some people have shown up with a new fashion We used to think that fashion has to do with haircuts, clothes, or lifestyle, but the vogue today is to sympathize with the Jews and to shed crocodile tears about their sorrows, their heresy, and their historical lies
 they don't want to bite the hand that feeds them, plain and simple After Calling for Guns & Ammo Confiscation & Universal Gun Registration, the American Medical Association Should Think About Taking "American" Out of Their Name
If Putin and Lavrov, so anxious to be friends of Washington, let their guards down, they are history As I said above, Russiagate is an orchestratration to prevent peace between the US and Russia
That gave the reins to his deputy Rod Rosenstein, who later appointed Mueller Trump has publicly criticized Sessions before, tweeting in June that the Mueller ‘witch hunt’ was only proceeding ‘because Jeff Sessions didn’t tell me he was going to recuse himself
Instead, they not only do that, but they go on to do far more than that In rating CNN, NewsGuard posts this nonsense
His manifest unreliability on this point casts a shadow on his primary assertions about the Qur’an Wills seems determined to put the best possible face on the Qur’an, which requires him to ignore a great deal of Qur’anic incitement and hatred
The report has helped renew a crisis many in the church thought and hoped had ended nearly 20 years ago after the scandal erupted in Boston But recent abuse-related scandals, from Chile to Australia, have reopened wounding questions about accountability and whether church officials are still covering up crimes at the highest levels
“That’s kind of my attitude now: If I don’t expect the Catholic Church to do anything, then I won’t be too disappointed when they don’t do anything,” he continued Jim Scanlan, another survivor, said “the timing of it is too perfect” given the controversy last month surrounding Pope Francis’s remarks that accused victims of a notorious Chilean pedophile priest, the Rev
Heroes of the neoliberal order Equally, the Guardian has made clear who its true heroes are
“I understand how the enemies have plotted against the Iranian people and I would like to stay alongside you to stop their plots,” he said He also blasted American support for Saudi Arabia, Iran’s arch-rival in the region, and added, “Satan seeks to divide Muslims and wants them to kill each other, while God tells us in the Quran to be united
Implement a Concrete “Countering-Jihad” Strategy After discarding the “Countering Violent Extremism” absurdity, a concrete Counter-Jihad strategy must become an official policy
There’s no doubt that this is an extremely strange and frankly fishy situation; something doesn’t add up, it’s true All the questions have gone ignored, or have received frivolous, jokey responses:
So observers have grounds to believe that Garcia and Gonzalez both got the jury they wanted Garcia told the court Zarate was playing his own “secret version of Russian roulette,” and thus parroted the defense’s contention that the shooting was all a matter of chance
com/HZf3LBeAgk — Mike Tokes (@MikeTokes) October 29, 2017 This stunning tower audio once again provides proof that the entire narrative that claims that Stephen Paddock operated alone from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Hotel is complete nonsense and that authorities are actually actively covering up what really happened on that fateful night
It really does seem that Strzok, an agent who had a personal pro-Hillary bias, was the person who pushed to let her off the hook by focusing on her intent rather than her negligence setting up the server in the first place I fully believe IG Horowitz’ findings here
ZMapp show “promise,” although scientific results are not definitive The risk of Ebola spreading within Congo is “very high,” according to authorities, and the disease could also move into nine neighboring countries, the World Health Organization has warned
After all, after the Trump White House issued a similar statement last year, the Washington Post ran a lengthy piece in which several Muslims explained why the statement was unsatisfactory to them Shadi Hamid of the Qatar-funded Brookings Institution declared: “Trump has so rarely recognized that American Muslims even exist, but this offers apparent proof that he is aware of our existence
[emphasis added] I believe that Archbishop Viganò’s precious testimony is a sign that Heaven itself is now responding to the “need for justice” in the Church
That's what the "resistance" has always been about The Mueller Circus is Over, Long Live the Mueller Circus
It’s got to be either one of the stupidest acts that I can recall or a very wicked plan by Washington neocons to sabotage Korean peace talks How else to describe the decision by Big Brother USA and junior sidekick South Korea to stage major air force exercises on North Korea’s border
So, what do we do about that?” –Don Lemon Just to illustrate the absurdity of Don Lemon’s comments, I thought it would be fun to go look at the current list of the FBI’s most wanted terrorists
None of that is discussed in the Guardian or considered grounds for disqualifying Blair as an arbiter of what is good for Britain and the world’s future The Guardian also has an especial soft spot for blogger Elliot Higgins, who, aided by the Guardian, has shot to unlikely prominence as a self-styled “weapons expert”
"Christianity is Europe's last hope," Orban told an audience of party faithful at the foot of the Royal Castle in Budapest With mass immigration, especially from Africa, "our worst nightmares can come true
 Code § 793(f) for a finding of criminal conduct Comey’s substitution of a legally meaningless phrase, “extremely careless,” for the “gross negligence” statutory legal standard he had originally used, had the effect of prejudging the facts in Hillary Clinton’s favor
Yet there is little doubt they will continue the same polemic that for nearly sixty years has doggedly defended every one of the ruinous “reforms” that have resulted in a debacle without equal in Church history, even considering the Arian crisis of the 4th century Those “reforms” included abandonment of the Vatican’s strict pre-conciliar instruction (1961) that “advancement to religious vows and ordination should be barred to those who are afflicted with evil tendencies to homosexuality or pederasty, since for them the common life and the priestly ministry would constitute serious dangers
However, instead of immediately arresting the officer for trespassing and murder, she was simply placed on administrative leave—a glaring function of blue privilege indeed “Super scary because the police are supposed to protect you and then they come home and, you know, you’re just hanging out in your own house and then they come home thinking they’re home or whatever
” Is it simply a coincidence that this “researcher,” prior to coming to Oxford University, worked for Tell Mama, that factory for the production of bogus claims about Islamophobia?
Also, as this is an unprecedented moment in papal history, perhaps the unprecedented step of recalling Benedict XVI to the Chair of St  Peter should also be considered sooner rather than later, before this crisis gets any more out-of-control than it already is
President Trump cannot fire and arrest for high treason Mueller and Rosenstein And Trump cannot indict Hillary for her numerous unquestionable crimes in plain view of everyone, or Comey or Brennan, who declares Trump “to be wholly in the pocket of Putin,” for trying to overthrow the elected president of the United States
Impossible! We were in a very sad, serious situation
First, the very people who have been loudest in attacking President Trump about his performance at the Helsinki summit are the people who failed to protect America from Russian meddling in 2016 The very intensity and nastiness of former CIA Director Brennan and former Director of National Intelligence Clapper is an attempt to distract attention from their failure to protect America
In response, Clinton defamed Assange, an Australian citizen, as “very clearly a tool of Russian intelligence” and “a nihilistic opportunist who does the bidding of a dictator” She offered no evidence — nor was asked for any — to back her grave allegations
His attorneys said Friday he expects the report will exonerate him Barr has said he will write his own account of Mueller’s findings and communicate it to Congress and the American public
Homeland Security Advisory Council (he “resigned” in Sept  2014 under mysterious circumstances), and Muslim Brotherhood-linked individuals like Huma Abedin serving as the right-hand woman of Hillary Clinton, we need to bring in people who actually love America and want to protect it
He previously said: “The big anxiety is it could spread to mainland Africa, it’s not probable, but certainly possible, that might then be difficult to control If we don’t carry on doing stuff here, at one point something will happen and it will get out of our control and cause huge devastation all around the world
Ever since Adam and Eve committed the Original Sin, every living creature is subject to it Every one of us is born on Death Row and lives out his allotted lifespan in its shadow without hope of reprieve
It was nothing short of treasonous Not only were Trump’s comments imbecilic, he is wholly in the pocket of Putin
Implement a Concrete “Countering-Jihad” Strategy After discarding the “Countering Violent Extremism” absurdity, a concrete Counter-Jihad strategy must become an official policy
Blue Privilege: Amber Guyger Free on Bail as Activists Who Peacefully Protested Her Rot in Jail The case of Amber Guyger, the police officer who admitted to shooting 26-year-old Botham Jean in his apartment for no reason, is a glaring example of “blue privilege” at work in our society
Those conflicts, mostly centred on migration since people fleeing war and poverty in the Middle East and Africa flooded into Europe in 2015, have intensified as the elections approach and Orban poses as a saviour of Europe's Christian nations "Christianity is Europe's last hope," Orban told an audience of party faithful at the foot of the Royal Castle in Budapest
Failing this, would it not be better for Your Holiness to renounce the Petrine office than to preside over what threatens to be a catastrophic compromise of the Church’s integrity?” Our petition was of course dismissed as “ridiculous” by the neo-Catholic commentariat Today, our ridiculous suggestion is the stuff of mainstream news
Yet Robinson explicitly fights AGAINST political violence What “narrative from British counter-jihad groups” can one find which suggests driving vehicles into innocent Muslims standing outside a mosque?
We promoted our partner the Latino Community Foundation’s non-partisan #YoVoyaVotaryTu (I’m going to vote, are you?) campaign and leveraged our social media influencer friends’ reach to hit over 11M impressions with that hashtag
” Nearly three years ago, seeing what was certainly coming on the disastrous course Bergoglio had already clearly established, this newspaper published a petition which states: “We your subjects respectfully petition Your Holiness to change course for the good of the Church and the welfare of souls
” Despite law enforcement authorities saying that they believe that the children were being trained to attack innocents, and that the adults were radicalized, Judge Sarah Backus released the suspects Prosecutors also said they obtained a letter from one of the suspects telling his brother to come to the compound and die like a martyr
Pope Francis defers to the exposition of Amoris laetitia by Cardinal Schoenborn given in April 2016 when the exhortation was made public I have read the Cardinal's exposition in both Italian and English, and I only find mention of the help of the sacraments in certain cases
The Pope’s claim that he had never received any victim testimony regarding the complicity of Chilean Bishop Juan Barros in child sex abuse has proven to be false “The Barros case is putting the Pope, for the first time, in the middle as a principal in a cover-up,” Yore said during the interview
) Although the conspiracy theory is baseless nonsense, it continues to dog the Trump administration, providing cable television news outlets and late-night talk show hosts with endless fodder in the 24-hour news cycle
He lapped up the accolades from the secular culture and main stream media Yet, fame is and predation is unrelenting, even for Popes
Fisher is rightly incensed by Bergoglio’s cunning response, “I will not say a single word on this , ” concerning Archbishop Viganò’s damning indictment of Bergoglio’s rehabilitation of the monster once known as Cardinal McCarrick for some five years before adverse worldwide press coverage forced to him to punish that serial homosexual rapist of whose crimes Viganò had personally informed him back in 2013—information of which Bergoglio was clearly already aware at that time, as Viganò testifies I never thought I’d see the day when a preening, Internet-created neo-Catholic doyenne such as Simcha Fisher, as notorious as Mark Shea for her crude and often unprintable invective against traditionalists, would unload on Pope Bergoglio with the following headline: “Does Francis know he sounds like an abuser?”
Article posted with permission from Daisy Luther Why the Coordinated Alternative Media Purge Should TERRIFY Everyone: Soon Those Who Hate Freedom Will Have Unquestioned Access to the Minds of 2 Billion People
What does all this mean? Well, it's pretty simple, and I highly recommend the Wired article, which is quite lengthy and has lots of information, but what this does is demonstrates that the genie is out of the bottle and there is just no way for gun grabbing Communists the world over to be able to truly enforce their unlawful acts of fun gun confiscation
I can assure you that I would never have allowed that to happen if I had any reason to know or even suspect the things that have been reported in the newspapers this past month While the letters and emails of recent days are sober reminders that there’s still a long way to go in restoring trust, I nonetheless welcome the efforts to hold me accountable to you, the faithful of this archdiocese
They will be crucified in the media, yes But they will also be doing their sacred duty before God in reassuring their thoroughly scandalized flocks that they are absolutely committed to the defense and enforcement of the Church’s moral teaching at a time when it is under scurrilous attack from within
- Bishop Thomas Olmsted of Phoenix, Arizona, issued a statement affirming that he has known Viganò for 39 years, has “always known and respected him as a man of truthfulness, faith and integrity” and that his testimony should “be taken seriously by all…” - Archbishop Allen Vigneron of Detroit, Michigan issued a statement calling Viganò’s account “another daunting challenge to our confidence in the reliability of the Church’s leadership, during a summer of devastating news regarding clergy sexual abuse and infidelity
The judge’s husband is a figure deep within the national security establishment in Britain who was named in WikiLeaks documents Because there is no serious media examining the whole WikiLeaks witch hunt, virtually none of this emerges
You may love him for various reasons, you may miss him by contrast, but you may not excuse the responsibility he has He walked away from his family, leaving the door open to an abusive stepfather, and he watches his children beaten and led astray not just in silence, but in apparent contentment
Capitol Police “Accidentally” Gave Treasure Trove of Evidence To Muslim IT Spy's Defense Attorney Accidentally?
How inconvenient that during a global prelate homosexual coverup scandal, the 2018 Synodal Bishop Conferences are exploring for ways during the Synod to discuss ways in which homosexual youths want to be “closer” to the Church! How inconvenient that since 2013 during Francis’ impromptu airplane presser when he cleverly sent a powerful message to homosexual clerics, “Who Am I to Judge,” now Francis must judge the criminal predatory conduct of homosexual clergy and prelates who preyed on youth and seminarians
Whether nuclear disarmament is indeed the final outcome of Tuesday's summit won't be known for years, if not decades But the dramatic act of extending his hand to one of America's longtime adversaries will forever illustrate Trump's gut-driven, norm-shattering tenure
The settlement was approved by a federal judge Becerra’s statement, “it needlessly endangered our children, our loved ones and our men and women in law enforcement,” is preposterous left-wing political argle-bargle
Assange’s Ecuadorean lawyer, Carlos Poveda, said the Guardian report was false And WikiLeaks said on Twitter that it was “willing to bet the Guardian a million dollars and its editor’s head that Manafort never met Assange
The Daily Mail report continued: Soros, for his part, compared Orbán unfavourably to both the Nazis and the Communists, saying his rule evoked dark tones from the 1930's, when Hungary was allied with Nazi Germany
The world has not compromised—its spirit is exactly the same as it ever was If Christians were equally as faithful to the Lord, separated from the world (2 Corinthians 6:17), and living so that their lives were a reproof to all ungodliness, the world would hate them as much as it ever did
Abid: I’m not very smart, so it takes a while sometimes… Judge: I don’t understand why the witness is having such trouble with the question
Rafael Correa, the former president of Ecuador, said recently that he regarded what they are doing to Julian now as torture It was Correa’s government that gave Julian political refuge, which has been betrayed now by his successor, the government led by Lenin Moreno, which is back to sucking up to the United States in the time-honored way, with Julian as the pawn and victim
Cardinal Marx and also Bishop Bode have now opened up to the idea to offer homosexual couples a blessing Why not, one could say, since the Church is ready to bless nearly everything on the earth?
Deadly serious It makes perfect sense when you have the same people who have absolutely no problem with mothers hiring hitmen to murder their babies in their wombs in the most brutal and barbaric fashion, and then sell off their body parts for profit, if they don't throw them in the trash or flush them down a toilet, calling for computer files to be kept by the government and not be allowed to be released to the public
“If you possess it just to dispose of it or abandon it, it wouldn’t be a crime,” Gonzalez told reporters The Steinle family and relatives of murder victims have new cause for outrage, but this gambit is consistent with Gonzalez and the San Francisco show-trial in which he co-starred
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use But if we don’t speak about such facts, how will we ever convince Muslims not to follow “hardline interpretations of the Qur’an”?
And, to no one's surprise, she's allegedly a Dem donor What a surprise!
But to say God completely destroyed two cities and all their inhabitants for being inhospitable clearly misses the point While Sodom and Gomorrah were guilty of many other horrendous sins, homosexuality was the reason God poured fiery sulfur on the cities, completely destroying them and all of their inhabitants
Why is he still a bishop? Why is he still allowed to call himself a “Catholic theologian”?
As I said above, Russiagate is an orchestratration to prevent peace between the US and Russia Leading military/security complex experts, including the person who provided the CIA’s daily briefing of the President of the United States for many years, and the person who devised the spy program for the National Security Agency, have proven conclusively that Russiagate is a hoax designed for the purpose of preventing President Trump from normalizing relations between the US and Russia, which has the power to destroy the entirety of the Western World at will
I think it goes against most of the things President Trump campaigned on,” he said The lawmaker added that he can’t support Haspel, whom he described as having expressed “joyful glee” at being involved in torture programs in the past
“There are two principles we need to remember,” Chaput wrote “First, we need to treat all people with the respect and pastoral concern they deserve as children of God with inherent dignity
8:11) To illustrate how shallow Catholic thinking on the death penalty has become and how far it has deviated from the age-old doctrine of the Church, a priest of a presumably traditional Catholic Fraternity writes in answer to a query addressed to him on the subject by saying:
" Would a Republican get a pass on meeting with a racist hate group leader?
” What's even more amazing, but not surprising, is that Gillum has claimed that his opponent is a racist, but the video demonstrates the utter racism of Smith, which one can then conclude that Gillum knows about Smith's racism and keeps him on staff anyway
The Nation of Islam had gained followers around the nation in the 1940s and ’50s by providing something of a religious answer to antiblack racism It was not widely recognized as an anti-Jewish organization during its early years (its early literature, though, focused on “the white man” as “the white devil”)
” I would imagine this outrageous overreach of papal authority on the Pope's part would make it ominously clear to Cardinal Burke that the time has come to issue his public correction of Pope Francis's erroneous teaching
Joaquin Castro of Texas — another Democratic intelligence committee member who employed one of the Awans — told TheDCNF that Kiko never told him of any cybersecurity issues whatsoever and that the Awan probe was instead described as a theft issue Indeed, the CHA issued only one public statement on the case and titled it the “House Theft Investigation” — wording that avoids cybersecurity words while political news coverage raged about other cybersecurity issues in the 2016 election
They kick and scream and lie and pout President Trump is the anti-politician and when Congress continues to behave like this, he only gets more popular
This is what the Church of Accompaniment is all about! But, practically speaking--in the real world--this kind of "accompaniment" is only green-lighting vice and mortal sin, and as such constitutes a hideous violation of everything these bishops supposedly believe as Catholic priests
The president is doubling down on an increasingly risky candidate Justice Anthony Kennedy gave President Donald Trump the biggest political gift possible when he announced his resignation in the spring
Now, it’s quite different Donald Trump is extremely vilified not because he allegedly is/was racist/sexist, but because he threatens neoliberalism and neoconservatism, the American empire, one that continues to try and push an Orwellian state type of existence, which seems to be ramping up every single year
” “I personally know [Farrakhan], I’ve been to his home, done meetings, participated in events with him,” Davis told TheDC “I don’t regard Louis Farrakhan as an aberration or anything, I regard him as an outstanding human being who commands a following of individuals who are learned and articulate and he plays a big role in the lives of thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of people,” he emphasized later
But today the principle, the democratic principle, is that the authority is in the people It is in the masses
The reaction from the police, in this case, has shown that they believe they have a license to kill and that they cannot be trusted to monitor themselves and keep one another in check They have no interest in serving justice when it comes to enforcing crimes against their own
After the Parkland school shooting, had Donald Trump simply used his bully pulpit to promote arming teachers and school employees as a deterrent and defense against these school shootings without calling for more gun control, it would have been a HUGE boost for the Second Amendment in general and school safety in particular Instead, Trump fell in with anti-Second Amendment liberals and started calling for more gun control, adding “mental health” restrictions to gun purchases and making his stupid Stalinist statements about taking guns first and worrying about due process later
Given that the Democrats had made public in advance their intention to derail the hearings and confirmation by any means possible, the timing of both sexual assault charges reeks of premeditated contrivance intended to delay confirmation as long as possible But in the face of this naked ploy to bork Kavanaugh and derail the confirmation process for partisan advantage, the Republicans seem to be reverting to their customary preemptive cringe
I ended my memo by repeating to my superiors that I thought it was necessary to intervene as soon as possible by removing the cardinal’s hat from Cardinal McCarrick and that he should be subjected to the sanctions established by the Code of Canon Law, which also provide for reduction to the lay state This second memo of mine was also never returned to the Personnel Office, and I was greatly dismayed at my superiors for the inconceivable absence of any measure against the Cardinal, and for the continuing lack of any communication with me since my first memo in December 2006
This argument is absurd on its face The whole point is to prevent Iran from becoming the next North Korea, not to kick the can down the road as usual
 Buchanan The Never-Trumpers Are Never Coming Back
Because Republicans fear the backlash from all those women voters who presumably agree with the fundamentalist feminists, and insist that every accusation of sexual assault, no matter how much it’s unsupported by corroborating evidence or even plausibility, must be believed This contention itself is an expression of the radical feminist narrative of innate male feral sexuality that makes them sexual predators
In addition to covert transfers of materials and technology to Iran in violation of the nuclear deal, the JCPOA may provide a loophole for Iran to exploit in outsourcing some of the development work to North Korea for hard currency, which North Korea desperately needs They are a perfect match for each other
Hillary Clinton’s supporters will no doubt jump on the inspector general’s criticisms of Comey’s handling of the July 5th announcement and subsequent letters as proof that he improperly influenced the outcome of the election in President Trump’s favor, even if he did not do so deliberately for political reasons However, what Comey really did was to give Hillary Clinton a Get Out of Jail Free card
Yet another Obama dirty deal with Iran that we're just learning about now The question is how many more are there?
A handful of Democratic lawmakers alarmed at the prospect of being exposed as frauds and publicly humiliated wrote Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, and FBI Director Christopher Wray on Tuesday The letter, which is an attempt to usurp the powers vested in the president, asks the three agencies to defy the presidential directive
Twitter also lashed out at him for quoting directly from Islamic religious texts, citing its anti-“hate” policies It is ‘hateful conduct,’ apparently, to reference what Islamic texts themselves say
That was the end of the matter The issue was so sensitive that Warren ordered the members of the commission to never reveal the meeting to the American people
” Below is a video taken at the Mises Institute of Judge Napolitano explaining the implications of this enemy of the Fourth Amendment on the Supreme Court
Then the princes, the governors, and captains, the judges, the treasurers, the counsellors, the sheriffs, and all the rulers of the provinces, were gathered together unto the dedication of the image that Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up; and they stood before the image that Nebuchadnezzar had set up Then an herald cried aloud, To you it is commanded, O people, nations, and languages,
"I want to get our soldiers out I want to bring our soldiers back home," Trump said
“Avenatti is a third rate lawyer who is good at making false accusations, like he did on me and like he is now doing on Judge Brett Kavanaugh[,]” Trump wrote on Twitter “He is just looking for attention and doesn’t want people to look at his past record and relationships - a total low-life!”
“You know–how do you manage that politically? I mean, we obviously can’t jump the gun here
This is the atmosphere that Jewish students and supporters of Israel must endure on a daily basis at McGill The toxic environment is due almost exclusively to an active and vocal presence of BDS agitators on campus
 124) Wills never mentions Qur’an 9:29, which commands Muslims to wage war against Jews and Christians and subjugate them as inferiors under the rule of Sharia
S  officials agree to let him back in the country, and with a communist wife?
Now, the prior degradation of the infidels in this world before the life to come—where it is their lot—is considered an act of piety; and the imposition of their poll tax [jizya], “until they pay the tribute out of hand and have been humbled” (Koran 9:29) is a divinely ordained obligation… The dhimmi’s payment of his dues by a bill drawn on a Muslim, or by delegating a real believer to pay it in his name will not be tolerated
” Porterfield, however, shot back: “They are not going over anything else So for the students to have to memorize this prayer, it does seem like it is indoctrination
He just doesn't want white men here There, I said it!
She ignored a court order, mixed invalid provisional ballots in with valid ones, and destroyed ballots, but don't worry, a Democrat attorney says that doing so has nothing to do with fraud or corruption Now that federal prosecutors have gotten involved, perhaps it's time to quit talking about it and actually arrest this woman and charge her with crimes against the people of Broward County before more people end up dead in Broward County over their corrupt voting practices
If you remember, it was those same people who called for the crucifixion of Christ while crying out “We have no King but Caesar” (John 19:15) Do these that teach such heresy not realize that every apostle, except John, was killed by hostile corrupt civil authorities opposed to their endeavors?
We must never underestimate the crippling effect of comedy on the totalitarian Mullahs of the world Indeed, the contemptuous, snickering and roaring laughter of people, as they gaze at the pathetic rules and lives of Sharia’s gatekeepers, poses a danger to tyrants like no other
… The latest development—one that will be of particular interest to Mr  Trump—is that blue-collar wages have begun to rocket
 intelligence agent, one who was ordered to travel to Mexico City to set the framework for his frame-up But things obviously went dreadfully wrong in Mexico City, which is why the CIA had to shut down that part of the post-assassination investigation
“Homosexuality in the clergy exists and is a matter that must be addressed,” Faggioli fleetingly acknowledges toward the end of his piece, “but the abuse crisis cannot be resolved by making homosexuals within the Church the scapegoat of a scandal that has ancient roots, well before Vatican Council II ” And how does the Church “address” a massive infestation by homosexual priests and prelates without removing them from authority and ensuring that they cannot promote homosexual successors for generation after generation?
And Trump is president because he read the party and the country right, while the Bush-McCain Republican establishment had lost touch with both How could the Beltway GOP not see that its defining policies — open borders, amnesty, free trade globalism, compulsive military intervention in foreign lands for ideological ends — were alienating its coalition?
You should learn to call them by their real name, ‘Satan ’ You’re coming face to face with Satan, the Arch Deceiver, the enemy of God, and the enemy of the righteous
Can the Church Defend Herself Against Bergoglio? Fisher is rightly incensed by Bergoglio’s cunning response, “I will not say a single word on this , ” concerning Archbishop Viganò’s damning indictment of Bergoglio’s rehabilitation of the monster once known as Cardinal McCarrick for some five years before adverse worldwide press coverage forced to him to punish that serial homosexual rapist of whose crimes Viganò had personally informed him back in 2013—information of which Bergoglio was clearly already aware at that time, as Viganò testifies
Trump’s dossier was interlaced with condemnations of the regime’s repression of its own people By merging Iran’s external aggression with its internal repression, Trump signaled a readiness to drive a wedge – or expand the wedge – between the authoritarian theocrats that rule Iran and the largely secular, multiethnic and pro-Western people of Iran
At least he said something there, which is more than I can say for his response earlier in September when Loomer confronted him at another event with questions Failing to answer, Ellison tried to move from person to person, allowing his minions to try and provide cover for him, similar to that of Maxine Waters, but there was no "member's only" elevator to flee into
It was one of the most brilliant and cunning ruses in history They get the body out of Parkland by force, in violation of Texas law, and put it in the hands of the military in Maryland, which conducts a secret fraudulent and bogus autopsy
It is obvious in this case that Guyger is receiving special treatment, not only did she get away without a search, but she turned herself in at her own convenience and was let out two hours later Not even the richest people in the country with the best lawyers would receive this type of treatment if they just admitted to killing an innocent person
“How dare you!” Attorney General Jeff Sessions said in California this month, addressing Schaaf “How dare you needlessly endanger the lives of our law enforcement officers to promote a radical, open borders agenda
Why are we now in this very sad situation with Rome? I think that because in the Second Vatican Council, and after the Council, there is a mutation, a change, in the Church
Are Father Martin and his pals in the episcopacy really so enlightened over every pope, saint, and moral theologian in history? Or is it not so that it is both negligent and uncharitable for some bishops to refuse to inform their faithful that according to the Church's own infallible teaching, everlasting damnation is the price to be paid for this kind of inclusivity and toleration?
With President Trump’s nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court, it was clear that anyone Trump nominated was going to be attacked In fact, the demonstrators protesting the nomination had signs for all four of the finalists and were instantly ready to oppose the president regardless of his choice
As I show in my book The History of Jihad From Muhammad to ISIS , the great caliphates of history, from the immediate post-Muhammad period of the “Rightly Guided Caliphs” to the Umayyads, Abbasids, and Ottomans, as well as other Islamic states, all waged relentless jihad warfare against non-Muslims, subjugating them under the rule of Islamic law and denying them basic rights These weren’t the actions of a “tiny minority of extremists,” abhorred by the vast majority of peaceful Muslims for “hijacking” their religion
Mueller is done Huge victory for the president,” he said
 goal of crushing the ISIS caliphate is almost attained But if our victory in the war against ISIS leaves Iran in the catbird seat in Baghdad and Damascus, and its corridor from Tehran to Baghdad, Damascus and Beirut secure, is that really a victory?
John Pilger: I have never known anything like it There is a kind of eerie silence around the Julian Assange case
Rather, what he views with alarm as an “essential element” of the context in which Wuerl operates is that “scandals are also the opportunity for the neo-traditionalist Catholicism of the younger generations of American Catholics to attack American bishops and cardinals close to Pope Francis… ” Better a thousand septuagenarian Wuerls in their lavish sties of corruption, financed by the faithful, than a single, young neo-traditionalist prelate!
With Viganò’s testimony, the widespread homosexual infiltration of the post-Vatican II hierarchy, from the top on down, now emerges mountainously into view, never to be buried again Even before that testimony, however, the fall of McCarrick and the Pennsylvania grand jury report had already presented a Sisyphean task to neo-Catholic apologists for the decrepit Novus Ordo status quo and the ill-starred Council that launched its installation
What they do not want to admit to is the fact that today's illegal immigration picture is one that follows the Obama plan on dealing with the influx of illegals to a carbon copy President Trump, on the other hand, is following along with it by detaining illegal immigrants at the border and separating children from their apparent families
“Not one Democrat would look at my deposition with the independent counsel Oh my gosh, they did not want to know about it
Marshal's Service has assigned a protective detail to Kavanaugh's family,” the news website reports The high-stakes behind-the-scenes jockeying over the confirmation process continues
Dr  Ashok Chopra, a professor of microbiology and immunology at the University of Texas, told The Sun Online the crisis in Madagascar had yet to peak
Don't "Blame The Police Officer" Who Admitted Killing Botham Jean? Dallas, TX — In a repugnant and outright disrespectful move, Texas Senator Ted Cruz went to bat for Amber Guyger, the cop who admitted to taking the life of the innocent 26-year-old pillar of society, Botham Jean
He was promoted to campaign chairman in May 2016 An AP investigation into Russian hacking shows that government-aligned cyberspies began an aggressive effort to penetrate the Clinton campaign’s email accounts on March 10, 2016
Read the Archbishop’s words for yourselves and note well the ring of truth that resonates in every sentence This is clearly the testimony of an honest man who has only the good of the Church in his heart—a modern-day Athanasius standing against something so much worse than Liberius
I am not a fan of Donald Trump But to see the partisans of the defeated candidate (and a particularly obnoxious defeated candidate) manipulate the security services and the media to create an entirely false public perception, in order to attempt to overturn the result of the US Presidential election, is the most astonishing thing I have witnessed in my lifetime
Cruz told Arroyo he was really hurt and felt betrayed by the Pope’s comments that the accusations were slander, and there were no witnesses or evidence “To hear him talk about us that way,” Cruz said, “calling us slanderers, it was terrible because it set the clock back for so many victims
When Cardinal Muller was removed abruptly from his position as head of the CDF, the conservative Catholic world wailed that it was another case of a “good” prelate being got rid of And it seems clear from the way it was done, and the way Francis treated Muller in general, that he was indeed got rid of
 Ford : No If this had been such a pivotal moment for her, how could she have forgotten any those facts?
Acosta has disputed the accusation claiming he never put his hands on the young woman Watching the full exchange it is obvious that President Trump was making a sincere effort to answer Acosta’s questions, the president actually took the time to answer three of his questions before rightfully losing his patients when Acosta refused to hand the mic over
Whence the bracketed interpolation “at the shrine”? Wills doesn’t give any source for it; apparently it comes from none other than Garry Wills himself
But Gregory III should have understood, since he was a major part of the problem He himself said: “No one defends Islam like Arab Christians
[Judge Orders Potential Release Of Hundreds Of Illegals From Iraq, by Stephen Dinan, Washington Times, January 3, 2018] He is ordering the release of hundreds of Iraqi illegal aliens and criminal aliens, all because he wants them to have another bite at the apple--they, like the Indonesians, lost claims to political asylum years ago
However, what is entirely clear is the fact that a mother and father are now and will be grieving for the rest of their lives because of her actions And, in a slap to the face of Jean’s parents, the person who admitted to killing their innocent son has yet to be arrested
 President? They are unconstitutional and neither Congress nor you have the authority to give American's money to these countries
So many Catholics in the last 40 years assumed that under the “conservatives” John Paul II and Benedict XVI at least the Vatican was “onside ” At least in Rome they understood the terrible threat of the Bolshie VaticanTwoist revolutionaries
 and Turkey, allies for six decades, with the largest armies in NATO, may soon be staring down each other's gun barrels Has President Trump thought through where we are going with this deepening commitment in Syria, where we have only 2,000 troops and no allies but the Kurds, while on the other side is the Syrian army, Hezbollah, Russia and Iran, and Shiite militias from Iraq, Afghanistan and Pakistan?
He has denied the allegation repeatedly, and Monahan has continued to press her case in frequent tweets about Ellison On Sunday, Monahan tweeted to Ellison: “This is not going away and you are making it worse for you, your family and district by lying, smearing, getting others to do your dirty work, victim shaming, etc
” Parent Steve Alsup added: “It seemed like half the truth to me, they didn’t talk about the extreme Islamics
” - [And just two days ago, Archbishop Salvatore Cordileone of San Francisco wrote a letter to his faithful which "speaks to Vigano's integrity and sincere love of the Church
Because, my friends, for every Tommy whom you imprison, thousands will rise up So take notice, Theresa May
’ At a recent dinner of the UK Independence Party (UKIP), which he formerly headed, Farage said: “If dealing with Islamic fundamentalism becomes a battle between us and the entire religion, I’ll tell you the result: we’ll lose
Even as cops come to Guyger’s defense and attempt to shame, smear, and discredit her victim—who was an upstanding member of society regardless of the plant they claim to have found—they are failing miserably Despite cops rallying behind the blue line to defend this killer cop, the rest of the country is not buying it
In this last regard, special mention should be made of the most notorious and highest in ranking case, that being the allegations of former-Cardinal Theodore McCarrick’s (oft-rumored, now very public) sexual sins, predation, and abuse of power The well-documented details of this case are disgraceful and seriously scandalous, as is any covering up of such appalling actions by other Church leaders who knew about it based on solid evidence
Emails obtained by The Hill show that a civil attorney working with the former undercover witness described the pressure the Justice Department exerted to keep the client from disclosing to a federal court what he knew last summer “The government was taking a very harsh position that threatened both your reputation and liberty,” the civil lawyer wrote in one email
Rather, what he views with alarm as an “essential element” of the context in which Wuerl operates is that “scandals are also the opportunity for the neo-traditionalist Catholicism of the younger generations of American Catholics to attack American bishops and cardinals close to Pope Francis… ” Better a thousand septuagenarian Wuerls in their lavish sties of corruption, financed by the faithful, than a single, young neo-traditionalist prelate!
She also admits ongoing discussions among these people about meeting to give grieving Hillary Clinton supporters hugs after Trump crushed her on election day She also says those involved in Google’s get-out-the-vote efforts were openly seeking consolation after Clinton lost, and that she and another person cried after Trump won – for the first time they have cried due to an election result
Others have begun to deal in practicalities, walking a mile from the shelter to enter their names on a waiting list for an asylum interview Some clustered around volunteer American lawyers who arrived at the shelter to explain the basics of asylum law
McCarrick, Pineda/Maradiaga, Fr James Larkin getting the boot in Dublin for upholding Catholic teaching on abortion… I know some people are, to put it bluntly, freaking out
CNN has lost its mind to the point that they are suing over Acosta losing his press pass He was their inside boy, after all
Still more anger is rightly directed at those who have been complicit in keeping some of these serious sins from coming to light For my part — and I know I am not alone — I am tired of this
In the West, which the Russians are so anxious to join, all freedoms are dead—freedom of assembly, freedom of speech, freedom of association, freedom of inquiry, freedom of privacy, freedom from arbitrary search, freedom from arbitrary arrest, along with the Constitutional protections of due process and habeas corpus Today there are no countries less free than the United States of America
Can the GOP establishment believe that if Trump falls, or they bring him down, they will inherit the estate and be welcomed home like the Prodigal Son? Do they believe their old agenda of open borders, amnesty, free trade globalism and democracy-crusading can become America's agenda again?
“The President of the United States just called on his Attorney General to put an end to an investigation in which the President, his family and campaign may be implicated,” Schiff tweeted “This is an attempt to obstruct justice hiding in plain sight
[Editors' note: To best understand why Facebook would ban Jamie Glazov on 9/11 in the first place, pre-order Jamie's new book, Jihadist Psychopath: How He Is Charming, Seducing, and Devouring Us: HERE The book illustrates how the Jihadist Psychopath has, with the help of the Left, successfully built his totalitarian plantation in the West -- on which the political and cultural establishment is now enslaved and dutifully following his orders
SSMU’s Board of Directors addressed the issue more than a year after the “reference ” Lew and other board members passionately advocated in favor of ratification and their arguments ultimately prevailed over the naysayers
At times Iranian naval vessels closed to within 600 to 150 yards of American warships The navy termed these near ritualistic, belligerent encounters, “unsafe and unprofessional
I said that the reason I dropped the “J” word was because you haven’t in 40 years (Romans 1:16) What of public high schools across the country that we have been going into in order to educate the youth as to who we are, and not what the revisionists and propagandists would have them believe that we are
” Many parents are also disturbed by the social engineering, which amounts to brainwashing and indoctrination that goes on in a public school For example, a Minnesota public school is forcing Kindergarten students to study ‘white privilege’
McCarrick will become the norm, not the exception, and confidence in the leadership and moral authority of the Catholic Church will remain in the toilet indefinitely  exactly as the forces of darkness intended all along
 11, the anniversary of the Islamic jihadist attack on America that killed nearly 3,000 Glazov told Breitbart, “This is really getting surreal in the creepiest and most harrowing Stalinist sense
So the system decided that he needed a psychiatric evaluation Maybe it's not the terrorists who are nuts
It's time for the #BDStears crowd to examine their entitlement and recognize that what's good for the goose is good for the gander Either that or they can go whine to the New York Times some more because the Jewish community won't let them burn crosses on their lawn
Label the Enemy and Make a Threat Assessment The Obama administration continues to refuse to label our enemy and, therefore, it continues to enable our defeat in the terror war
Furthermore, Orban has also called out the man behind the curtain in a lot of the promoting of this Muslim invasion of the West, George Soros Anti-jihadist activist Pamela Geller praised Orban for his honesty and wrote, "At last, a politician who speaks the truth about the Muslim invasion of Europe
Any other problems? Commission members said bishops should call the police when they discovered predator priests, rather than phone the nearest religious retreat to “park” the priest out of harm’s way
As Secretary of State, Clinton approved the biggest arms sale ever — worth $80 billion — to Saudi Arabia, one of her foundation’s principal benefactors Today, Saudi Arabia is using these weapons to crush starving and stricken people in a genocidal assault on Yemen
Though he had lifted the title of his August anti-Trump polemic, "Conscience of a Conservative," from Barry Goldwater, Jeff Flake is no Barry Goldwater Goldwater took on the GOP establishment in the primaries, voted against the Civil Rights Act of 1964, defiantly declared, "Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice," and then went down to defeat battling to the end after the assassination of JFK made LBJ invincible
They have done so in the face of Judge Kavanaugh’s lifetime record of stellar public service, multiple background checks producing no evidence of sexual misconduct, and the letter written by the 65 women, who knew him when he was in high school and thereafter and who signed their names to a ringing endorsement of his good character Feminists gave the serial sexual predator Bill Clinton a free pass because his policies were in line with their ideology
But while the Democrats are in a lather over Ford and Kavanaugh, demanding a delay of the confirmation vote until after the midterm elections that they are sure will go their way, they couldn’t care less about Karen Monahan And that shows that all their #MeToo rhetoric is pure politically-motivated hypocrisy — as if anyone didn’t know that by now
There already was a blackout on the worst mass murder in modern American history 58 dead, hundreds wounded, the savagery of the Vegas attack is unspeakable, and still the incompetent, clueless authorities know nothing
The Muslim Brotherhood's leaders praising Hitler, calling for another Holocaust and killing Jews is nothing like the Holocaust And only shameless Zionists would attempt to equate killing Jews with killing Jews
He is alleged to have beaten her to death while calling her a demon and shouting about Allah before throwing her body from the window of her third-story apartment They're all crazy in Europe
Feminists gave the serial sexual predator Bill Clinton a free pass because his policies were in line with their ideology Senator Feinstein called Ted “Chappaquiddick” Kennedy an "inspiration and a friend," presumably also based on their compatible ideologies
Instead they caved to Iranian pressure in order to get the deal done Now that President Trump is trying to clean up the mess Obama and Kerry left him, Kerry has the gall to label President Trump’s decision a "reckless abandonment of facts in favor of ego and ideology" and to accuse the Trump administration of “lying to the American people
Secret Service passes for working White House journalists should never be weaponized While we don’t condone the growing antagonistic tone by both the president and the press at recent media avails, we do support a free press, access and open exchanges for the American people
Again, and I have asked this before, how do you fight the Deep State by putting Deep State operatives in these positions? How do you drain the swamp by adding to it?
” Are these really the values the US should be promoting?
"I want to get our soldiers out I want to bring our soldiers back home," Trump said
” It is to defend Islam that Western clerics do not raise their voice against such acts of brutality It is to pursue a fruitless and chimerical “dialogue” that bishops in the U
There is no better way to keep the Catholic family together and committed to the Catholic restoration than the Catholic home school MAJOR NEW STUDY: Homeschooling Spikes Due to School Violence, Far-Left Bias
Also, keep in mind that magistrates have limited and defined authority in civil matters Take note that civil government is to be, and must be, a “terror to good works
It seems many politicians (and many police officers themselves) will not be content until every American citizen is totally defenseless and unable to protect him or herself I tell you this with all seriousness: At some point, the American people will be forced to view these governmental attacks against our Second Amendment liberties as a declaration of war
” And the picture that emerges in stark relief in The Dictator Pope, as Life Site News reports , is that of “a power-hungry, manipulative dictator, [who] celebrated the abdication of Benedict XVI” because he knew what it meant: that the plan to give him the Keys of Peter in 2005 would finally come to fruition in 2013 “We elected you to make reforms, not to smash everything!” Thus is Cardinal Leonardi Sandri, a fellow Argentinian and a supporter of Pope Francis at the conclave of 2013, reliably reported literally to have screamed at Pope Francis behind closed doors in the Vatican
At no time was Assange offered the right of reply to this shocking interview, which Australia’s publicly-funded state broadcaster had a duty to give him As if that wasn’t enough, Ferguson’s executive producer, Sally Neighour, followed the interview with a vicious re-tweet: “Assange is Putin’s bitch
Jimmy Whitworth, professor of International Public Health at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, told The Sun: “It has been a long time since we have seen the plague in an urban environment Although health officials have said that internationally, the threat is still fairly low, they’ve also said no one in Madagascar is safe, including travelers, spiking concerns over a possible global pandemic
Siraj Ibn Wahhaj and one of his devout wives were charged with abuse of a child resulting in the death of a child and conspiracy to commit abuse of a child Law enforcement rushed to destroy the Islamic compound just days after the kidnapping and murder made national news
” Sadly, he appears to be correct in his accusations It is standard procedure for police to dig up dirt on their victims in attempts to smear and assassinate their character to make the killer cops look good in the public eye
” Despite the fall of his friend Pineda, Maradiaga continues todefend and protect the homosexual corruption of his own seminary, involving incontrovertible evidence of rampant sodomy among the seminarians he refuses to dismiss, rejecting all the evidence as “gossip
“If the police have some fear, I understand that fear,” Willis said “We seem to have an overabundance of bad police
This vast sum is drawn from US taxpayers who have many unmet needs To justify such an enormous budget a major enemy is required
Was Pope John Paul THE GREAT an intolerant homophobe? Are Father Martin and his pals in the episcopacy really so enlightened over every pope, saint, and moral theologian in history?
 6 elections Republicans have pointed to embattled Broward Elections chief Brenda Snipes’ record of past election gaffes in arguing that the largely Democratic country is tilted against them — perhaps fraudulently so
The suspect, Traore Kobili, is scheduled to have a third evaluation to determine his ability to stand trial for the murder of Sarah Halimi in April 2017 He is alleged to have beaten her to death while calling her a demon and shouting about Allah before throwing her body from the window of her third-story apartment
The status quo is not acceptable in Washington, and once people truly understand how deep the corruaption runs I believe that they will get motivated to finally drain the swamp once and for all So yes, I am going to share some things in this article that are truly disgusting, but the goal is to show you that it is time to take our government back from the corrupt career politicians that are completely and utterly out of control
But firing Mueller would likely send a signal to Democrats that the White House is worried about potential blowback from a Manafort conviction just three months before the congressional midterm elections Still, Trump went all-in with a new intensity on Wednesday, opening up on Mueller and his team with both barrels of his massive Twitter following
So much time and money wasted, so many lives ruined and Sessions knew better than most that there was No Collusion!"
First, the very people who have been loudest in attacking President Trump about his performance at the Helsinki summit are the people who failed to protect America from Russian meddling in 2016 The very intensity and nastiness of former CIA Director Brennan and former Director of National Intelligence Clapper is an attempt to distract attention from their failure to protect America
John, I would like you to explain once again why Julian Assange is such a significant journalist, why so many journalistic institutions have collaborated with him based on the information he provided We are talking about a publisher and reporter who has changed history
The status quo is not acceptable in Washington, and once people truly understand how deep the corruaption runs I believe that they will get motivated to finally drain the swamp once and for all So yes, I am going to share some things in this article that are truly disgusting, but the goal is to show you that it is time to take our government back from the corrupt career politicians that are completely and utterly out of control
If they are aware that the Church has upheld from Apostolic times the right to use force in self-defense, to kill in a just war and to inflict the death penalty on those duly judged guilty of serious crime, they now apparently subscribe to the notion propagated by Dei Verbum at the Second Vatican Council that the unchanging Catholic “tradition which comes from the Apostles” actually “develops in the Church” and keeps pace with changing times (II,8) The circumstances pertaining to our day would therefore dictate a reassessment of the death penalty, which the new man-centered theology insists on viewing almost exclusively from the standpoint of the criminal and human society rather than from God’s
” If Putin, Lavrov, the Russian government, the traitorous Russian Fifth Column—the Atlanticist Integrationists—the Chinese, the Iranians, the North Koreans think that any peace or consideration can come out of America, they are insane
It is time for Zakkout to be exposed and stripped of his public functions If people like David Duke and Louis Farrakhan can be condemned and repudiated for spreading their toxic hate, their fan and propagator Zakkout can and must be as well
The problem with getting the news out about Karadima, as in most of these cases, was the bishop, in this case Cardinal Francisco Javier Errázuriz of Santiago, who after the Conclave of 2013 was appointed a member of Pope Francis’s C9 inner council It was certainly never a secret that Errázuriz was a close, like-minded friend and collaborator of then-Cardinal Bergoglio, the kingpin of South American Catholicism
Article posted with permission from Sons Of Liberty Media FBI Arrests 5 Muslims From New Mexico Jihad Compound Days After Multiple Charges Were Dropped
With these appointments the Nunciature in Washington was now out of the picture in the appointment of bishops…  By now the faithful have well understood Maradiaga’s strategy: insult the victims to save himself, lie to the bitter end to cover up a chasm of abuses of power, of mismanagement in the administration of Church property, and of financial disasters even against close friends, as in the case of the Ambassador of Honduras Alejandro Valladares, former Dean of the Diplomatic Corps to the Holy See…
54 Affiliation is a particular form of help that the Holy See establishes in particular situations in favor of the community of a monastery sui juris which has only an asserted autonomy, but in reality, very precarious or, in fact, non-existent 55 Affiliation is configured as a juridical support that must assess whether the inability to manage the life of the autonomous monastery in all its dimensions is only temporary or is irreversible, helping the community of the affiliated monastery to overcome difficulties or to put in place what is necessary to bring about the suppression of this monastery
Implement a Concrete “Countering-Jihad” Strategy After discarding the “Countering Violent Extremism” absurdity, a concrete Counter-Jihad strategy must become an official policy
We must be vigorous in our intolerance of his intolerance ” In response to the news, Peter Golds, the leader of the Conservatives group in the council, tweeted: “In 2015 one of the Tower Hamlets First election candidates tweeted ‘let us support Hitler the Great
But the appeal did not gain much traction until Trump took office "I have a sense that things are moving forward and I have faith in our president,” Susie Hammond, the wife and mother of the imprisoned ranchers, told The Oregonian last month
With President Trump’s nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court, it was clear that anyone Trump nominated was going to be attacked In fact, the demonstrators protesting the nomination had signs for all four of the finalists and were instantly ready to oppose the president regardless of his choice
 126) That sounds wonderful, and certainly pleasing to multicultural ears to learn that the Qur’an is more merciful than the New Testament
Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller Capitol Police “Accidentally” Gave Treasure Trove of Evidence To Muslim IT Spy's Defense Attorney
com/YDWifuIDWv — James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) November 1, 2018 OK, we know that, but if that is true, what sort of useful idiot is Smith?
Witnesses said Traore called Halimi a “demon” as he was pummeling her Halimi’s daughter said following the murder that Traore called her, the daughter, a “dirty Jewess” two years before the killing when they passed each other in the building
 Immigration and Nationality Act ICE deportation officers carry out targeted enforcement operations daily nationwide as part of the agency’s ongoing efforts to protect the nation, uphold public safety, and protect the integrity of our immigration laws and border controls
His warning against making the resistance to jihad a “battle between us and the entire religion” is odd No sane person is saying that the West should go to war with the entire Islamic world
” This is a disgrace
Just stop holding them There’s nothing in the Constitution that says the Senate’s power to give “advice and consent” to the president regarding his nominee must entail days of televised hearings replete with caterwauling protestors and grandstanding Senators who’ve already made-up their minds
It’s been a smear campaign from the beginning and it is this way by design Amber Guyger took an innocent person’s life, and because people are so blinded by the badge, she is being portrayed as the victim
Men have been butchered like cattle, women abducted, virgins ravished, and children snatched from the arms of their parents So much for the much-vaunted Islamic “tolerance” in Europe, the tales of which Islamic scholar Akbar Ahmed is using to fool gullible Westerners today, and soften their resistance to mass Muslim migration into Europe and North America
But he is still a human being and he has taken such a battering Probably the hardest thing for him to take is the utter hypocrisy of news organizations—like The New York Times, which published the WikiLeaks “War Logs” and “Cablegate,” The Washington Post and The Guardian, which has taken a vindictive delight in tormenting Julian
On the eve of a historic Supreme Court confirmation hearing, two more women have materialized out of thin air to accuse President Trump’s high court nominee Brett Kavanaugh of sexual improprieties – bringing the total number of accusers to four Even more eleventh-hour character-assassination attempts may be coming given the enraged Left’s determination to prevent the judge’s ascent to the Supreme Court at all costs
She may very well believe everything she’s saying, and that is one of the signs of lunacy, believing something that isn’t real ” And her lawyer is “even loonier
Adding insult to injury, the bill even authorizes local law enforcement to charge the gun owner a storage fee for confiscating and storing his guns After the Parkland school shooting, had Donald Trump simply used his bully pulpit to promote arming teachers and school employees as a deterrent and defense against these school shootings without calling for more gun control, it would have been a HUGE boost for the Second Amendment in general and school safety in particular
Sign the Petition to Stop the Synod Here Editor's Note: The Remnant has lunched its own #StopTheSynod petition, for those who would rather not go to Change
Unlike the Bourbons after the Revolution and the Terror, after Napoleon and the Empire, no restoration is in the cards It is over
Our orders have been cut Iran has dismissed as "lies" and "ridiculous" the charge that it sent the drone into Israeli airspace
Yeah, right! I'm sorry Jim, I can't hear you over the booming voice of your hypocrisy!
Tillerson meant Iran's Quds Force in Iraq should go home, and the Shiite militia in Iraq should be conscripted into the army But what if the Baghdad regime of Haider al-Abadi does not agree?
" Let's unpack this knapsack of entitled nonsense
” “He’s been vindicated by them,” Evan Pérez said of President Trump and the Mueller report
Throughout the day, Trump and Kim's body language was openly friendly, a striking warmth given Kim's iron grip on power and dismal record on human rights Trump's move to meet him attracted fierce criticism for normalizing a regime routinely called out for its human rights abuses, that over years has built an image of fearsome renegade regime, throwing around threats of nuclear war
5% per annum in December – Blue collar workers have beat this by a wide margin: “It is commonly said that wage stagnation contributed to an economic anxiety in middle America that carried Donald Trump into the White House…Yet Mr
Wills’ peaceful fantasy Qur’an raises one massive question that the author does not and cannot answer: if the Islamic holy book is really as peaceful and benign as Garry Wills makes it out to be, why do so very many Muslims worldwide misunderstand it? The Islamic State (ISIS), in its heyday, quoted the Qur’an frequently -- odd behavior if the group actually was ignorant of, indifferent to, or in violation of the book’s core tenets
The only way to treat a person who has contracted the plague is with antibiotics But experts now warn that because they are being used so much to treat the infection, antibiotics resistance is inevitable and making this disease much more terrifying
 Dockery, senior pastor at First Baptist Church of Princeton “Any time God’s word can be proclaimed is beneficial and is a good thing
What possible motive would the Ecuadorean government have for facilitating secret unrecorded visits by Paul Manafort? Furthermore it is impossible that the intelligence agency – who were in charge of the security – would not know the identity of these alleged “Russians”
He followed the advice of someone he knew well to be a pervert, thus multiplying exponentially with his supreme authority the evil done by McCarrick And how many other evil pastors is Francis still continuing to prop up in their active destruction of the Church!
Ridicule is a vicious and potent weapon There is a baffling and shameful silence in our culture’s sphere of comedy, especially in Hollywood and our media, with regard to the myriad ingredients of Sharia and Jihad that merit at least a million hilarious satirical sketches
It was not widely recognized as an anti-Jewish organization during its early years (its early literature, though, focused on “the white man” as “the white devil”) But in 1967, it became outspokenly and flagrantly anti-Zionist, in an expression of solidarity with Palestinians
“I have never been contacted by anyone connected to WikiLeaks, either directly or indirectly I have never reached out to Assange or WikiLeaks on any matter
He was just saying what most of them think The media is happy to talk about anti-Semitism
***** Finally, I wish to encourage you, dear faithful, my brothers and sisters in Christ: never be despondent!
Fisher is rightly incensed by Bergoglio’s cunning response, “I will not say a single word on this , ” concerning Archbishop Viganò’s damning indictment of Bergoglio’s rehabilitation of the monster once known as Cardinal McCarrick for some five years before adverse worldwide press coverage forced to him to punish that serial homosexual rapist of whose crimes Viganò had personally informed him back in 2013—information of which Bergoglio was clearly already aware at that time, as Viganò testifies I never thought I’d see the day when a preening, Internet-created neo-Catholic doyenne such as Simcha Fisher, as notorious as Mark Shea for her crude and often unprintable invective against traditionalists, would unload on Pope Bergoglio with the following headline: “Does Francis know he sounds like an abuser?”
'" "We are not a people that should be so fearful or vengeful that we think that torture is somehow acceptable," he added
The Sun reported: Officials at the hospital say the main reason why patients run away is that they are scared of needles and don’t have much experience of hospitals
It’s nothing but elite people, corporations and the financial elite that have become drenched with so much power that they have been able to direct human will and use it for their own selfish purposes With powerful revelations that have come to light, like elite pedophilia and ritual abuse, and extreme corruption, why do we still participate?
Acosta has disputed the accusation claiming he never put his hands on the young woman Watching the full exchange it is obvious that President Trump was making a sincere effort to answer Acosta’s questions, the president actually took the time to answer three of his questions before rightfully losing his patients when Acosta refused to hand the mic over
This along with poor sanitation and vector control on Madagascar meant that "when (the plague) comes again it starts from more stock, and the magnitude in the next transmission could be higher than the one that we saw," Tedros said "That means that Madagascar could be affected more, and not only that, it could even spill over into neighbouring countries and beyond," he warned
Nixon? A crook and an economic Leftist, who betrayed Taiwan for the People’s Republic; his record certainly isn’t good
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Abid’s attorney James Bacon mocked the elderly, burka-clad widow, who does not drive and speaks only Uurdu
7%, while the number of unemployed immigrants fell 129,000—down by 11% ADVANTAGE AMERICANS
Criminals put to death undergo a penalty no different from the one exacted from the most innocent amongst us As with everyone else the moment of death ushers them either into heaven, hell or purgatory
It's an ideological one that spans cultures, just like Don Lemon's and Chris Cuomo's statism Demonizing those intent on violating the law and have demonstrated that they are doing it along the way and declaring that we will not allow such persons across our border is simply common sense, but you won't get common sense on CNN
” Wasserman Schultz was defending someone investigators allegedly told her was suspected of cybersecurity violations, despite having resigned from her position as DNC head following a devastating hack during the 2016 election
“The Church is in its pastoral care bound to Holy Scripture and to its interpretation through the Church’s Magisterium,” wrote Cordes “Marx does not even mention that homosexuality always contradicts the Will of God,” citing church teaching through the centuries
A good chunk of work has been done A massive transformation of consciousness has taken place and it seems that a global mass is growing closer to a critical mass
Not only were Trump’s comments imbecilic, he is wholly in the pocket of Putin Republican Patriots: Where are you??
H/T Gateway Pundit Democrat’s Friend Louis Farrakhan In Iran: “Death to America!” – America Is The “Great Satan”
He sent this message to me: A student in the school threatened to get her adult friends to come to my home and kill me by stabbing me in the chest and ripping my organs out
Despite cops rallying behind the blue line to defend this killer cop, the rest of the country is not buying it In a damning tweet, writer Kashana Cauley summed up the nature of the smear campaign quite succinctly
” That’s been an important prayer for me in the time that I have been serving this archdiocese, well aware of our sins but equally aware of the strong and vibrant faith of this local Church I’ve been praying that prayer even more earnestly in these past weeks as the Church in the United States has once again come face-to-face with its sins, with reports that former cardinal Theodore McCarrick, one of the most prominent Churchmen in the United States in the last quarter century, has been accused of abusing two minors and sexually harassing or assaulting a number of seminarians and young priests
I don’t know what it will take to exorcise the “spirit of Vatican II” – the spirit of aggiornamento – from the Church But we will
The silence is Julian Assange As every false accusation has fallen away, every bogus smear shown to be the work of political enemies, Julian stands vindicated as one who has exposed a system that threatens humanity
Rep  Keith Ellison (D-MN) is the epitome of an effeminate man today in America
The report recalls that Facebook censored Glazov in April for posting screenshots of a Muslim’s threat to him Twitter also lashed out at him for quoting directly from Islamic religious texts, citing its anti-“hate” policies
If it makes it that long, NASA plans to use the spacecraft to study the outer heliosphere NASA releases images captured at a record-breaking 3.79 billion miles from Earth
Many people were tortured and were starved to death there […] “The Jews were banished, tortured, and annihilated because of their deeds
But it made the media ten times that more The fortunes that the Washington Post and the New York Times made on Mueller leaks and conspiracy theories are priceless
IN MAY 2013, the Washington Post’s Greg Miller reported that the head of the CIA’s clandestine service was being shifted out of that position as a result of “a management shake-up” by then-Director John Brennan As Miller documented, this official — whom the paper did not name because she was a covert agent at the time — was centrally involved in the worst abuses of the CIA’s Bush-era torture regime
What makes this recent purge from Facebook and Twitter so egregious is that the pages like the Free Thought Project, the Anti-Media, Press for Truth, and dozens of others, did not fit the hate speech narrative these same companies used to wipe out Alex Jones Instead, these pages were dedicated to spreading peace, bridging the divide, bringing humanity together and holding government accountable
From reports of multiple shooters to officials seemingly covering up the ISIS connection, many different theories have been put forth that counter the mainstream narrative Now, new information released by investigative reporter Laura Loomer proves that authorities have directly lied to the American people about the case at least once by claiming that supposed shooter Stephen Paddock checked into the Mandalay Bay Hotel on September 28th when valet records (with photos) prove he actually arrived three days earlier
” Theresa May’s relentlessly appeasement-minded government also admitted two jihad preachers who had praised the murderer of a foe of Pakistan’s blasphemy laws
Yes, Russia is a superpower Russian weapons are so superior to the junk produced by the waste-filled US military/security complex that lives high off the hog on the insouciant American taxpayer that it is questionable if the US is even a second class military power
Her original email was forwarded on to other Google executives by the aforementioned Gevelber, according to another email obtained by Breitbart News “Thought you all would want to read this,” Gevelber wrote in her own message endorsing Murillo’s email in a message to other Google bigwigs
"Senator Grassley must postpone the vote until, at a very minimum, these serious and credible allegations are thoroughly investigated,” Senator Schumer said If a thorough investigation was considered to be so important, why didn't Senator Feinstein set the ball rolling back in July when she first received word of the allegation?
Hitler embodies one type of modern Western annihilation When the Americans occupied the republics of the Indians, they annihilated millions of human beings
Trump's North Korean gamble ends with 'special bond' with Kim Nearly five hours of unprecedented and surreal talks between US President Donald Trump and North Korea's Kim Jong Un culminated on Tuesday with fulsome declarations of a new friendship but just vague pledges of nuclear disarmament
" This is a huge milestone in the history of our county, and as such, it should be celebrated as a victory
That “humanitarian intervention” cost the lives of many hundreds of thousands of Iraqis and created a vacuum that destabilised much of the Middle East, sucked in Islamic jihadists like al-Qaeda and ISIS, and contributed to the migrant crisis in Europe that has fuelled the resurgence of the far-right None of that is discussed in the Guardian or considered grounds for disqualifying Blair as an arbiter of what is good for Britain and the world’s future
They sacrificed themselves to establish the freedoms in which he enjoys today The author went on to write that this protestant should know what the Bible says about those in authority
Well played, Cardinal Wuerl! So, let me get this straight (I know, lots of luck with that one): These are the people that are going to "accompany us" and our children in the "synodal Church" with its new orientation, overseen by a "God of Surprises" who is uber-merciful and doesn't judge, and headed up by a pope who, according to Father Thomas Rosica, "breaks Catholic traditions whenever he wants, because he is 'free from disordered attachments'?''
If an average citizen walked into the wrong home and shot and killed an innocent homeowner, rest assured that they would be in jail—right now However, instead of immediately arresting the officer for trespassing and murder, she was simply placed on administrative leave—a glaring function of blue privilege indeed
Unfortunately no western main stream media can any longer be trusted to publish the truth The Guardian is only one of many which peddle smears and disinformation about the 'enemies' of the ruling 'western interests'
” Of course, this kind of bold proclamation is very much in keeping with the habit of this pontificate to simply claim there are no problems and become gravely offended and outraged when the contrary is pointed out
The time is long overdue that these groups maintain their credibility and remain true to their stated missions of protecting and safeguarding the American public Sofian Zakkout’s bigoted and radical agenda is antithetical to this and is a documented threat to national security
If an average citizen walked into the wrong home and shot and killed an innocent homeowner, rest assured that they would be in jail—right now However, instead of immediately arresting the officer for trespassing and murder, she was simply placed on administrative leave—a glaring function of blue privilege indeed
Jimmy Whitworth, professor of International Public Health at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, told The Sun: “It has been a long time since we have seen the plague in an urban environment Although health officials have said that internationally, the threat is still fairly low, they’ve also said no one in Madagascar is safe, including travelers, spiking concerns over a possible global pandemic
Clearly the government’s intent was to make sure that as few people as possible discovered the truth about its massive, years-long cover-up of those rape gangs, and refusal to prosecute the perpetrators Theresa May and company obvious hope that other Britons who are furious about the sacrifice of thousands of British girls to the idols of “diversity” and “multiculturalism” will see what happened to Tommy, and be frightened into silence
Of course, many parents choose homeschooling as a means of protecting their children from federal education “reforms” such as Common Core Other parents are motivated by a desire to protect their children from the cultural Marxism that has infiltrated many schools
” I wonder how far a white congressman would get saying, "I attended the Klavern, but I don't agree with the KKK's views about black people
" The president described Acosta as "unbelievably rude to [White House Press Secretary] Sarah Huckabee, who’s a wonderful woman," and said his administration is drawing up "rules and regulations" for White House reporters
” That it figured so prominently in Christian societies is due to the fact that, in the order of charity, atonement to God was sought above any atonement due to man, and the spiritual welfare of citizens above their physical well-being Modern secularized society assumes that physical extinction is the worst thing that can happen to a human being, whereas the faith teaches that eternal damnation is incalculably worse
" That source pointed out that the license "did not authorize Iran to conduct commercial transactions denominated in US dollars
In the process, however, he misidentified Hasan as Nidal Hussein and said the shooting happened at Fort Knox in Kentucky He also said Hasan had died a martyr, though in fact he remains alive on military death row
The time for hierarchical action is now, before the damage to the Church becomes irreparable The members of a hierarchy seemingly cowed by a papal tyranny the Church has never before seen must rise immediately and give a courageous answer to the challenge posed long ago by Monsignor Klaus Gamber, when an already monumental ecclesial crisis was still in what can now can be seen as merely a preliminary stage:
 Horowitz saw no reason to doubt the sincerity of Comey's explanations for giving Hillary a free pass The failure to at least empanel a grand jury to compel testimony from Hillary Clinton and key witnesses was itself a complete dereliction of duty, which could have only been motivated by a desire to treat Hillary Clinton with kid gloves for improper reasons
" You know that isn't going to stop someone like Acosta, who claimed to deal in facts and truth, but clearly demonstrated he was all about lies when it came to putting his hands on a White House aide
” The struggle, to the extent there even was one, obviously has been lost Sixteen years later, the homosexual predator McCarrick has finally been exposed to the world, stripped of his cardinal’s hat and deprived of any ministry, but only after international media coverage of the Vatican’s semi-secret finding that McCarrick had raped a teenage altar boy 47 years ago
In response, Clinton defamed Assange, an Australian citizen, as “very clearly a tool of Russian intelligence” and “a nihilistic opportunist who does the bidding of a dictator” She offered no evidence — nor was asked for any — to back her grave allegations
 government not treason? Other Presidents have been incompetent, corrupt, dishonest, but which has committed treason on a scale to rival the treason of Barack Obama?
Number Of Puerto Rico Residents Without Clean Water And Electricity Keeps Rising In the wake of Hurricane Maria’s wrath, Puerto Rico remains devastated
If it doesn’t horrify us, then we have surrendered something very valuable DB: Among those who should be especially horrified are those of us in the journalistic community
The reason this little incident shouldn't be let go of so soon is that it is one of the clearest demonstrations of the media's bias, which we all have, lies and propaganda It should be used over and over in article after article to remind people about the total dishonesty and complete disregard for reporting the facts by outlets such as CNN and to not blindly trust self-proclaimed fact-checkers who will not tell you the truth either
Whatever the Russians did, they did while Brennan was director of the CIA, Clapper was director of national intelligence, and James Comey was head of the Federal Bureau of Investigation These former officials attack Trump ferociously to hide their own failure and their own guilt
– JFK If you haven’t already heard, Facebook has completely shut down hundreds, if not thousands of Independent media pages over the last year
Take a look, and as always, PJW is hilarious in his presentation If they're prepared to lie this shamelessly, what else are they lying about?
[all emphasis in original] Before his long overdue fall McCarrick, as Bergoglio’s “trusted counselor,” had been instrumental in cementing into place the homosexual-friendly status quo of the American episcopate that oppresses and defrauds the faithful
In this case, an autonomous monastery is alive and vital 43 Autonomy of life, a constant prerequisite for maintaining juridical autonomy, must be constantly verified by the Federal President who, when in her judgment a monastery lacks autonomy of life, must inform the Holy See in view of the nomination of an ad hoc commission
New York Times, you're lying Every media outlet from the Associated Press to NBC, you're lying when you say the video was doctored and that Acosta didn't touch the woman
The Cardinal, muttering in a barely comprehensible way, admitted that he had perhaps made the mistake of sleeping in the same bed with some seminarians at his beach house, but he said this as if it had no importance Viganò testifies that on June 23, 2013, he obtained a private audience with Bergoglio after having encountered McCarrick at the Pope’s residence three days earlier, during which encounter McCarrick had told him with an air of triumph: “The Pope received me yesterday, tomorrow I am going to China” (evidently to assist in negotiating Bergoglio’s planned sellout of China’s underground Catholics to the Communist dictators of Beijing)
 Obama often chastised reporters, including Mr  Acosta on one occasion, for questions he deemed overly aggressive or grandstanding
HE ARGUED THAT IF THEY HAD BEEN CHRISTIAN AND WHITE, ‘WE MIGHT NOT BE HERE TODAY ’” Bu Jihad Watch, August 13, 2018: Seriously?
Later in the day, advisers joined the talks for a larger bilateral session and a working lunch Trump took keen interest in the pageantry of the day, insisting the pictures beamed around the world reflect a commanding leader making a decisive, world-altering move
 goal of crushing the ISIS caliphate is almost attained But if our victory in the war against ISIS leaves Iran in the catbird seat in Baghdad and Damascus, and its corridor from Tehran to Baghdad, Damascus and Beirut secure, is that really a victory?
But this ridiculous exercise in virtue-signaling, even though it has not (yet) been taken up by the Home Office, only highlights Britain’s hypocrisy and double standards regarding who can enter the country and who cannot Pamela Geller and I are banned from entering the country for the crime of telling the truth about Islam and jihad
Certainly not Corbyn or Assange, who threaten to disrupt the entrenched neoliberal order that is hurtling us towards climate breakdown and economic collapse Its pages, however, are readily available to the latest effort to prop up the status quo from Tony Blair, the man who led Britain, on false pretences, into the largest crime against humanity in living memory – the attack on Iraq
I ask, where does government get to determine who gets to do whatever at whatever age based on an ambiguous age number? Yet, if we do that, we won't have to worry about mass shooters, right?
Because, next Wednesday night, God’s wrath is on the Jews even more!” About the clip, on Facebook, Zakkout wrote above it, “Makes a lot of sense!” Of course, this is coming from someone [Zakkout] who regularly refers to Jews as “monkeys and pigs,” and in February 2016, circulated on social media a report claiming that “the Holocaust was faked
He has denied the allegation repeatedly, and Monahan has continued to press her case in frequent tweets about Ellison On Sunday, Monahan tweeted to Ellison: “This is not going away and you are making it worse for you, your family and district by lying, smearing, getting others to do your dirty work, victim shaming, etc
” Yes, Francis should resign if Viganò ’s allegations are true, Shea admits—a stunning concession coming from him Yet, making no attempt to refute Viganò’s account on the merits, he tries to wave it all aside with his usual mode of argument—puerile mockery: “But at present, the eagerness of the Greatest Catholics of All Time to believe and repeat everything their itching ears want to hear about this Pope whose living guts they have hated from the moment of his election only tells in his favor, not against it
“Countering Violent Extremism” is the pathetic and destructive focus of the Obama administration in allegedly fighting the terror war On the one hand, this “focus” is vague to the point of being meaningless and completely incapacitates us
Arroyo spoke with Cruz as well, who said he was “incredibly frustrated” when Barros was going to be appointed He’d testified about three bishops who had witnessed abuse, he said, but Barros had special significance for him because Barros’ part went beyond witnessing the abuse, to violating his seal of Confession with Karadima and psychological abuse through intimidation
I also oppose it because it's just another step for the federal government to say they need a database so states can check, thus identifying gun owners and possibly their weapons “People are dying of gun violence in our homes, churches, schools, on street corners and at public gatherings, and it’s important that lawmakers, policy leaders and advocates on all sides seek common ground to address this public health crisis,” said AMA Immediate Past President David O
But the real irony here is that the media labeled Paul Joseph Watson and Infowars as "conspiracy theorists" and yet, PJW has exposed their blatant conspiracy to smear President Trump, Sarah Sanders and the White House aide And Jim Acosta believes he and CNN deal with facts and Infowars doesn't
They wanted to hold off as long as possible on identifying this terrorist as another Muslim, and this as another jihad terror attack Protecting the image of Islam, not protecting the public, still seems to be the most important priority for all too many American officials
Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller Capitol Police “Accidentally” Gave Treasure Trove of Evidence To Muslim IT Spy's Defense Attorney
American juries are notoriously incompetent, which is why 97% of felony indictments are settled with a plea bargain Even the innocent had rather work out a plea arrangement and admit to something that they did not do than to face an insouciant American jury
Look to their feigned strength that they profess to possess It is gauged by simply looking to the prevailing immoralities and debauchers of society
Ladies, you demand to be believed, no matter what Well, when every time there's a man that you don't like running for public office or being nominated for a position, some woman crawls out from a line of protesters and makes an ambiguous-at-best claim about unwanted sexual advances, it becomes increasingly difficult to take you seriously
Adding insult to injury, the bill even authorizes local law enforcement to charge the gun owner a storage fee for confiscating and storing his guns After the Parkland school shooting, had Donald Trump simply used his bully pulpit to promote arming teachers and school employees as a deterrent and defense against these school shootings without calling for more gun control, it would have been a HUGE boost for the Second Amendment in general and school safety in particular
As the video begins, the man says, “… supporting the president You ain’t supporting shit nigga,” and then throws the drink in the face of a 16-year-old boy
This is what the Church of Accompaniment is all about! But, practically speaking--in the real world--this kind of "accompaniment" is only green-lighting vice and mortal sin, and as such constitutes a hideous violation of everything these bishops supposedly believe as Catholic priests
Wasserman Schultz did not respond to a request for comment Former Head of DNC Aided & Abetted Muslim IT Spy, Imran Awan
Cardinal Müller, former Prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, spoke at a conference on John Paul II's encyclical Veritatis Splendor at the Comenius University in Bratislava, organized by the Slovakian Bishops' Conference In remarks after his address, reported by the German Catholic newspaper Die Tagespost, the cardinal made it clear what he thinks about the recently presented German idea of blessing homosexual unions, even if only in individual cases: “If a priest blesses a homosexual couple, then this is an atrocity at a holy site, namely, to approve of something that God does not approve of
Bill Maher, for whatever unappealing drawbacks he has in conservatives’ eyes, has set a bold standard in this respect in his Burka Fashion Show skit American comedians need to start writing scripts that follow in Maher’s footsteps and Americans need to encourage and equip them to do so – and to also vigorously defend them from the attacks and slanders they will inevitably receive from totalitarian leftist and Islamic forces
Altered Election Documents Tied To Florida Democrats Reviewed By Federal Prosecutors It is high time that this begin
Let’s start with the Cardinal who will lead the upcoming Synod, none other than Cardinal Kevin Farrell, Prefect of the Dicastery for Laity, Family and Life As the DC roommate and protege of Ted McCarrick, Farrell so respected McCarrick, the Molester, that he fashioned his Coat of Arms as a tribute to Uncle Ted
“Well, they could be–lets face it, ISIS twice before the attack, ISIS warned the United States that they would attack Las Vegas in June and August after the attack claimed responsibility four times Meanwhile, the local law enforcement investigative services are telling us there is no terrorist connection–lone gunman, again, something is not adding up,” Perry replied
She said none of the commission’s recommendations had been implemented “The reluctance of some in the Vatican Curia to implement recommendations or cooperate with the work of a commission when the purpose is to improve the safety of children and vulnerable adults around the world is unacceptable,” Collins wrote
She noticed that Latino voters did record-breaking numbers, especially in states like Florida, Nevada and Arizona – the last of which she describes as “a key state for us ” She brags that the company used its power to ensure that millions of people saw certain hashtags and social media impressions, with the goal of influencing their behavior during the election
End The Korean War! “I have some pretty severe things we’re thinking about,” Trump said of North Korea at a news conference in Warsaw
” Are these really the values the US should be promoting?
Never surrender! This address also makes it absolutely clear that everything Archbishop Lefebvre did was part of an eleventh-hour defence of the Kingship of Christ (ignored completely by the Second Vatican Council) and a desperate last stand for Tradition, the infallible teachings of Mother Church and of course her ancient liturgy
The Cardinal, muttering in a barely comprehensible way, admitted that he had perhaps made the mistake of sleeping in the same bed with some seminarians at his beach house, but he said this as if it had no importance Viganò testifies that on June 23, 2013, he obtained a private audience with Bergoglio after having encountered McCarrick at the Pope’s residence three days earlier, during which encounter McCarrick had told him with an air of triumph: “The Pope received me yesterday, tomorrow I am going to China” (evidently to assist in negotiating Bergoglio’s planned sellout of China’s underground Catholics to the Communist dictators of Beijing)
And outside it While the 69-year-old Jewish man (wearing a kippah on his head) was coming out of the synagogue, heading for a bakery near 17 rue Pelleport in Paris 20 th, he was attacked by a 19-year-old man, of North African descent, who hit him on the body and on the head, knocked down, pulled by the hair and beaten while shouting "Allah Akbar"
Half of South Korea’s capitol, Seoul, is within range of North Korean heavy artillery and rocket batteries dug into the so-called Demilitarized Zone It would take only three nuclear weapons to shatter Japan and just two to cripple South Korea, not to mention polluting the globe with radioactive dust and contaminating North Asia’s water sources
Fisher is rightly incensed by Bergoglio’s cunning response, “I will not say a single word on this , ” concerning Archbishop Viganò’s damning indictment of Bergoglio’s rehabilitation of the monster once known as Cardinal McCarrick for some five years before adverse worldwide press coverage forced to him to punish that serial homosexual rapist of whose crimes Viganò had personally informed him back in 2013—information of which Bergoglio was clearly already aware at that time, as Viganò testifies I never thought I’d see the day when a preening, Internet-created neo-Catholic doyenne such as Simcha Fisher, as notorious as Mark Shea for her crude and often unprintable invective against traditionalists, would unload on Pope Bergoglio with the following headline: “Does Francis know he sounds like an abuser?”
We failed to recall that they know nothing at all about Catholicism What the papers never told us was that as a young priest and theologian Joseph Ratzinger was known as a “progressive,” as the term was understood in 1962
Then, the discourse of the Nuncio was the discourse of a Freemason: all of it was “progress,” “humanity,” “evolution,” and all the hubris of a Freemason And during the discourse of the Secretary of the Episcopal Conference, [the Secretary] said, “in the name of the Declaration of Religious Freedom [of Vatican II], we ask the President to remove this article in the Constitution
Hungary PM Viktor Orban Vows to “Fight Those Who Want to Change the Christian Identity of Europe” Hungary's Prime Minister Viktor Orban has been somewhat of a lone voice in Europe against the Muslim invasion, and on Wednesday he gave a "Hungary First" speech in which he declared that he would "fight those who want to change the Christian Identity of Europe
Oh, the irony! That the most prolific serial predator Cardinal would divulge the pre-Conclave Bergoglio plot to “reform the Church
The world remains vulnerable We do not know where and when the next global pandemic will occur, but we know it will take a terrible toll both on human life and on the economy,” said Dr
But decades later, she's still traumatized by the aftermath of being identifed globally as the your woman the President of the United States kept on the side and used for his own pleasure just a few feet from the Oval Office 'I’m sorry to say I don’t have a definitive answer yet on the meaning of all of the events that led to the 1998 investigation,' Lewinsky wrote of the public humiliation that played out in seeming slow motion
If you agree, I hope that you will support my campaign and the campaigns of other anti-establishment candidates that want to clean up the halls of Congress It is time to take our government back because at this point it has become an absolutely disgusting cesspool of filth and corruption
Previously only voluntary and consultative, federations will now have the power to supervise and guide the formation of candidates, nuns and of their formators, as well as possess broad powers over temporal goods of individual monasteries and powers of suppression The document makes it inarguable that the federation’s main role will be to establish and monitor for conformity to a particular programme – the “intense and fruitful path” of the Church since 1965 – both within the various orders and between them:
“Although I have enjoyed this work tremendously over these many election cycles, both large and small, I am ready to pass the torch,” she wrote She should be ready for prison bars after the fiasco she has created
It’s been a smear campaign from the beginning and it is this way by design Amber Guyger took an innocent person’s life, and because people are so blinded by the badge, she is being portrayed as the victim
No one did We saw headlines like this about early voter turn out and thought that this was finally the year that the ‘sleeping giant’ had awoken
So he was being left, not left of center… For the primary Now [in the general] he’s going back to left of center
 John Paul II left us as an inheritance:Do not be afraid! Do not be afraid!
“The President of the United States should not be in the business of arbitrarily picking the men and women who cover him ” However, several prominent media members – such as Pulitzer Prize-winning Watergate journalist Bob Woodward – have criticized CNN over the lawsuit
Cupich is the very model of a Novus Ordo bishop He is the very exemplar of the crisis we must still endure…
“That’s just one segment of what goes on in our world The world is so much bigger than Farrakhan and the Jewish question and his position on that and so forth
By defeating Hillary for the presidency, Trump inflamed the US media’s hatred, committed as the presstitutes are to Identity Politics and hatred of the “white male oppressors” who elected Trump Trump will never be forgiven for preventing the election of the first female president of the United States, an unpardonable crime by a misogynist white male who “grabs women by the pussy
It was also apparently evidence of the paper’s clickbait tendencies: “They [Guardian editors] knew that publishing this story would cause partisan warriors to excitedly spread the story, and that cable news outlets would hyperventilate over it, and that they’d reap the rewards regardless of whether the story turned out to be true or false
If we don’t carry on doing stuff here, at one point something will happen and it will get out of our control and cause huge devastation all around the world ” There is always a risk with travel that the disease will spread globally, Hunter added
Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban Calls For Global Anti-Migrant Alliance Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban who has been at the forefront in Europe in standing against illegal immigration and the invasion of Muslims into his country has called for a global alliance to stand against the migrant invasion
From time to time he resumed Koranic recitation Many neighbours, woken by the old woman’s screams or the assaulter’s religious chanting, called the police Some gave details about the exact location of the assault, the attacker’s identity, the fact he vilified his victim as a Jewish person and as “a Satan” while hitting her, or even — as far as the Muslim neighbours were concerned — the Koranic portions he chanted
Those which were purely contemplative – a single-minded devotion to the adoration of God – were closed It is not an insignificant quirk of modern history, and one that tells us much about the nature of the current pontificate, that houses of contemplatives are always attacked by secularist regimes, from Henry VIII to the Soviet Union
Let the thing die of its own excesses, for as the “little synod” [the 2002 “pedophile summit”] demonstrates, the men who control this establishment will never restore it to anything resembling the vibrant Church that a long line of militant, uncompromising Popes delivered into their hands at Vatican II For heaven’s sake, the men who govern the Church today require a Vatican summit meeting to agonize over whether serial child molesters should be defrocked
From Greenwald’s article: This is more of the same old, same old going on, and it looks like it’s about to get a lot worse
It just won't address left-wing anti-Semitism and racism Dem Congressman Praises Hitler-Loving Anti-Semite
Unbeknownst to him, the court reporter inadvertently kept a recording of the meeting that ultimately came to light This troubling issue arose again yesterday, November 2, in the Washington Post in an article entitled “Tantalizing Mystery of JFK Assassination Files Solved – 23 Years Ago
In 2008 Green Party presidential candidate Ralph Nader tapped Gonzalez for vice president “He has a great, steadfast commitment to justice,” Nader told reporters
Sign up here to get INSIDER's favorite stories straight to your inbox A student failed an assignment because her professor believed Australia 'is not a country'
 Ilhan Omar (D), who’s currently running for the state’s 5th Congressional District seat, sent out the following tweet: Israel has hypnotized the world, may Allah awaken the people and help them see the evil doings of Israel
“Remember our saying, modern-day fairy tales start with ‘once I am elected,'” Smith says NEW VERITAS: FL Gov Candidate Staffer Who Went to College with Gillum: "Not for voters to know" programs won't happen, “Modern day fairy tales start with once I am elected” Florida is a "F***ed up" "cracker state" FULL REPORT: https://t
And now this, finally, a bishop with the courage to look the beast in the eye and speak its name out loud Bishop Morlino does this in a moment when he is under heavy attack as a “hater” for defending the Church’s teaching on marriage—an attack, by the way, which prompted us here at The Remnant to join the fight to DEFEND BISHOP MORLINO last year
The Times added:The Lubbock-based organization has been swamped with inquiries for months from parents seeking safer options for their kids in the aftermath of this year’s deadly school massacres, first in Parkland and then in Santa Fe, Texas “When the Parkland shooting happened, our phone calls and emails exploded,” said coalition president Tim Lambert
Kritarch Patti Saris thinks she runs immigration policy, right down to how many times someone can have their case reviewed, though she seems confused as to who will do the reviewing of those cases At issue is a large group of Indonesian Chinese Christians who fled a pogrom in Indonesia directed against them in the 1990s
Pompeo did not report any progress following a day of meetings in Riyadh with Saudi King Salman and his powerful son, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, the country’s de facto ruler President Donald Trump on Monday ordered Pompeo to rush to the desert kingdom to try to determine the fate of the missing journalist, Jamal Khashoggi, and the diplomat quickly hopped a plane
“In treasuring this gift of priestly celibacy we need to recognize more clearly the intimate link between the Ministerial Priesthood and the reality of the Eucharist If the Mass were ever reduced in our minds to being merely a commemorative meal and the priest as only a community leader or functionary, then the celibacy of the Catholic Priesthood might seem extravagant
[1] And remember when Cardinal O’Malley told the pope off in public over the “pain” these accusations had caused the victims of sexual abuse? And then remember how the pope had apologised-except-not-really because the accusations are, after all, still lies, and that there’s still “no evidence” against Barros…?
Islamizing the Schools: The Case of West Virginia This is an outrage, but it is common nationwide: the Daily Caller News Foundation reports that Mountain Ridge Middle School in West Virginia is “instructing junior high students to write the Islamic profession of faith ostensibly to practice calligraphy
As Slavo noted, should the disease spread to the African mainland, one can assume that it will be all but impossible to control, thus increasing the likelihood of global pandemic Shock: Black Death Patients Are ESCAPING The Hospital Over Fear Of Needles As Officials Worry Plague Could Spread
8:11) To illustrate how shallow Catholic thinking on the death penalty has become and how far it has deviated from the age-old doctrine of the Church, a priest of a presumably traditional Catholic Fraternity writes in answer to a query addressed to him on the subject by saying:
It won’t take away Iran’s enriched uranium It won’t destroy Iran’s nuclear installations
Desperate Feinstein Pushes 30-Year-Old Claim About Sexual Misconduct Of Kavanaugh It's incredible the amount of hypocrisy Senator Dianne Feinstein puts on display for the American people to see, and yet, the people in her state continue to put her in office
This second memo of mine was also never returned to the Personnel Office, and I was greatly dismayed at my superiors for the inconceivable absence of any measure against the Cardinal, and for the continuing lack of any communication with me since my first memo in December 2006 But finally I learned with certainty, through Cardinal Giovanni Battista Re, then-Prefect of the Congregation for Bishops, that Richard Sipe’s courageous and meritorious Statement had had the desired result
Ridicule is a vicious and potent weapon There is a baffling and shameful silence in our culture’s sphere of comedy, especially in Hollywood and our media, with regard to the myriad ingredients of Shariah and jihad that merit at least a million hilarious satirical sketches
 Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 18, 2018 “I must, in the strongest of terms, ask Mexico to stop this onslaught – and if unable to do so I will call up the U
I went to a high school that had more than its share of drunken parties, and my classmates could do crazy and stupid things, but an act like this was beyond the pale This isn’t “boys will be boys
Former Head of DNC Aided & Abetted Muslim IT Spy, Imran Awan One of the biggest stories of 2017 and 2018 is being ignored by the mainstream media and we all know why that is
 6 elections Republicans have pointed to embattled Broward Elections chief Brenda Snipes’ record of past election gaffes in arguing that the largely Democratic country is tilted against them — perhaps fraudulently so
While the current Iranian regime is certainly no bastion of freedom, the idea that US intervention or a violent revolution would be beneficial for the people of Iran is outright insane To see what US intervention—through military support and the support of ‘protesters’—does to countries, one need only look at Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, and Libya to see the horrific death tolls and war-ravaged dystopias left in America’s wake
The White House also announced Monday that it would allow a 10-day waiver temporarily blocking the Jones Act to expire This is devastating news for those living in Puerto Rico, as foreign ships can no longer bring aid to the hurricane-ravaged island from U
We are doing just fine!” @Theresa_May, don’t focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom
Russian weapons are so superior to the junk produced by the waste-filled US military/security complex that lives high off the hog on the insouciant American taxpayer that it is questionable if the US is even a second class military power If the insane neoconservatives, such as Max Boot, William Kristol, and the rest of the neocon scum get their way, the US, the UK, and Europe will be a radioactive ruin for thousands of years
This began driving away heterosexuals, as well as homosexuals who upheld the Church’s teachings on chastity and celibacy Needless to say, not all gay priests are violent predators like McCarrick
Many people were tortured and were starved to death there […] “The Jews were banished, tortured, and annihilated because of their deeds
I don’t know But this is the milieu of machination around someone who has the right of natural justice concerning his freedom
They willfully ignored the evidence of extreme danger should Assange be extradited to the United States According to a document released by Edward Snowden, Assange is on a “Manhunt target list”
Well played, Cardinal Wuerl! So, let me get this straight (I know, lots of luck with that one): These are the people that are going to "accompany us" and our children in the "synodal Church" with its new orientation, overseen by a "God of Surprises" who is uber-merciful and doesn't judge, and headed up by a pope who, according to Father Thomas Rosica, "breaks Catholic traditions whenever he wants, because he is 'free from disordered attachments'?''
Rumble has, and always will be, a bar that is as inclusive as any establishment could possibly be THIS BAR IS A SAFE SPACE FOR EVERYONE!
However, in the same breath that she ended the challenges, she also declared she would be filing a federal lawsuit over what she called "gross mismanagement" of elections If you ask me, all she's looking for here will only hurt herself and her own party
While recent credible accusations of child sexual abuse by Archbishop McCarrick have brought a whole slew of issues to light, long-ignored was the issue of abuse of his power for the sake of homosexual gratification It is time to admit that there is a homosexual subculture within the hierarchy of the Catholic Church that is wreaking great devastation in the vineyard of the Lord
” His Twitter thread begins here: Somehow the openly racist and anti-Semitic Farrakhan and his hateful organization have managed for decades to avoid being harshly denounced as such by the news media, which instead has spent the last two years attempting to smear Donald Trump as the new Hitler
Trump not only defeated 16 Bush Republicans, he presented an agenda on immigration, border security, amnesty, intervention abroad, the Middle East, NAFTA, free trade, Putin and Russia that was a rejection of what the Bush-Boehner Party had stood for and what its presidential candidates in 2008 and 2012, John McCain and Mitt Romney, had run on If the Republican Party is "napping," let it slumber on, undisturbed, for its time has come and gone
” Lew added that the experience shows the inherent anti-Semitism in the BDS movement “If BDS is not anti-Semitic, why did a BDS-led campaign name and shame me for my affiliation with a Jewish organization, and call on students to remove me from student government for this reason?” wrote Lew
Mueller will remain as special counsel for a period of time as he and a small contingent of staff close the office, a Justice Department spokesperson reportedly said The handover of the report marks the end of an investigation that has for nearly two years transfixed the nation, yielded dozens of indictments and convictions, and brought down a handful of Trump’s closest advisers
No jury would send a young man to prison based on that testimony Without a shred of evidence, a highly qualified judge, with no other blemish on his record, is being smeared on the national stage by a political lynch mob out for blood
Jim Acosta and CNN continue to lie, just like they have for decades, and here's the proof Look how they doctored the video to not show what clearly took place and then lied about it, and I suppose Fox falls right in line with that behavior
He corrupted generations of seminarians and priests and Pope Benedict ordered him to withdraw to a life of prayer and penance ” The Pope did not make the slightest comment about those very grave words of mine and did not show any expression of surprise on his face, as if he had already known the matter for some time, and he immediately changed the subject
to keynote the Synod Farrell’s graciously offers notorious praise for Martin’s new book, Building a Bridge (to hell, ed
While the bubonic plague is spread through the bites of infected fleas, pneumonic plague is spread through the air, usually by coughing Airborne infections are difficult at best to control
Nigel Farage Warns “We’ll Lose” A Battle Between the West and Islam British politician Nigel Farage once helped convince Britons to vote for Brexit and separate from the European Union, but British establishment politicians have done everything they could to sabotage that vote since then
Nicholas Bernabe of The AntiMedia is another alternative journalist I consider a friend and support wholeheartedly He’s worked tirelessly to be a voice of truth in a world of lies
It is worth noting it should be vitally important for a serious publication like the Guardian to ensure its claims are unassailably true – both because Assange’s personal fate rests on their veracity, and because, even more importantly, a fundamental right, the freedom of the press, is at stake Given this, one would have expected the Guardian’s editors to have insisted on the most stringent checks imaginable before going to press with Harding’s story
 national-security establishment treats what it suspects are communists or traitors It skewers them
We never anticipated that 29% of Latinos would vote for Trump No one did
In a nation guided by fairness and law, a person is innocent until proven guilty Sadly, many of Judge Kavanaugh’s haters have thrown that rule aside
It’s about the Eucharist and to a lesser extent the priesthood The demonic forces we know are the driving force behind this supreme moment of heresy and destruction aren’t really looking at the undermining of marriage as their primary goal; they want to get at the Eucharist
To thank him for his service, Campbell was paid $51,000 by FBI officials at a 2016 celebration dinner in Chrystal City When it emerged that Campbell had evidence against the Clinton Foundation, a Yahoo News article by Michael Isikoff (of FISA warrant application fame) slammed Campbell as a "disaster" potential witness
[6] “justice and beneficence” are considered on behalf of the community, not the patient [7] Bioethicists take it as read that in order for a life to have sufficient “quality” it must demonstrate sufficient autonomy
He made it clear that he’s interested in the idea of appointing Powell to the position, they said, though he has also talked to other candidates Powell is not only a partner at Goldman Sachs, which has a sordid history of its own, but also worked in the George W
“If you see a Latino Googler in the office (California/New York), please give them a smile,” Murillo wrote “They are probably hurting right now
Even if it later turns out that Manafort did visit Assange, the Guardian clearly had no compelling evidence for its claims when it published them That is profoundly irresponsible journalism – fake news – that should be of the gravest concern to readers
Daniel 3:3-6 When they refused to submit to the tyrant, the furnace was heated up 7 times hotter so that the guards were consumed, only to have the fourth man, “like the Son of man,” show up to deliver them where the fire had no power over them, and not a hair of their heads was singed
The American Jewish Historical Society was founded to study and preserve Jewish history These days it’s instead partnering with Jewish Voice for Peace: an anti-Israel BDS hate group that defends anti-Semitism and which sponsored talks by an anti-Semite who accused Jews of drinking blood
Later as a member of a secret presidential committee, I saw how the CIA attempted to prevent President Reagan from ending the Cold War Today, right now, at this moment, we are faced with a massive effort of the military/security complex, the neoconservatives, the Democratic Party, and the presstitute media to discredit the elected President of the United States and to overthrow him in order that the utterly corrupt elite that rule American can continue to hold on to power and to protect the massive budget of the military/security complex that, along with the Israel Lobby, funds the elections of those who rule us
One would think that they would find Zakkout’s actions and bigotry unacceptable, as well, yet Zakkout continues to serve unchallenged If the board members of Crime Stoppers and Citizens’ Crime Watch do not wish to be associated with anti-Semitism or white supremacism or Hamas or Holocaust denial or Steve Anderson or David Duke or Louis Farrakhan, then they must cut ties with Sofian Zakkout
Sign the Petition to Stop the Synod Here Editor's Note: The Remnant has lunched its own #StopTheSynod petition, for those who would rather not go to Change
Furthermore, as I reported on Wednesday, both the Associated Press and the Atlanta Constitution-Journal reported on the training The documents claim Siraj Ibn Wahhaj and his co-defendants conducted weapons training at the camp where they were found Friday with 11 children in allegedly “third world” conditions
 Acosta, informing the correspondent that his badge was formally restored CNN in turn dropped its lawsuit on the matter, which had ballooned into a test of press freedoms in the Trump era
” The IG also found that the FBI moved slowly on new evidence that could have damned Hillary Clinton, and did so for reasons that make no sense
Read the Archbishop’s words for yourselves and note well the ring of truth that resonates in every sentence This is clearly the testimony of an honest man who has only the good of the Church in his heart—a modern-day Athanasius standing against something so much worse than Liberius
Guyger deployed her Taser before Perez was able to take it from her After Perez had the Taser, Guyger fired her gun once, striking him in the abdomen, the affidavit said
Upon them rests the curse of Allah, of the Angels and of man collectively We must not think that we are at war with the entire religion
He is the very exemplar of the crisis we must still endure… Let the thing die of its own excesses, for as the “little synod” [the 2002 “pedophile summit”] demonstrates, the men who control this establishment will never restore it to anything resembling the vibrant Church that a long line of militant, uncompromising Popes delivered into their hands at Vatican II
There, he met an FBI source and started talking about the Islamic State He explained he went to Jordan in part to find like-minded Muslims, and because he wanted to do something “bigger, better, and more purposeful” – like dying in the cause of Allah
That is a new liturgy That is very bad, because we have no sense of the hierarchical; whereas the sense of hierarchy is very important in our life
And of course we are talking about the priorities of a pope who has said that seeing a “restorationist” community enjoying a large number of vocations makes him “worry ” Apparently this worry was serious enough to move him to torpedo one of the most flourishing communities in the modern Church; the gaunt spectre of the Franciscan Friars and Sisters of the Immaculate haunts this document
He rode through the night on his horse He said, ‘The British are coming, the British are coming!’ Well, let you tell you something; we’re here today to say a similar thing: The British are coming back!”
The Cardinal, muttering in a barely comprehensible way, admitted that he had perhaps made the mistake of sleeping in the same bed with some seminarians at his beach house, but he said this as if it had no importance Viganò testifies that on June 23, 2013, he obtained a private audience with Bergoglio after having encountered McCarrick at the Pope’s residence three days earlier, during which encounter McCarrick had told him with an air of triumph: “The Pope received me yesterday, tomorrow I am going to China” (evidently to assist in negotiating Bergoglio’s planned sellout of China’s underground Catholics to the Communist dictators of Beijing)
Then Benedict allowed him to remain a cardinal And, as if to add a finishing touch to the poisoned cake that is Ratzinger’s involvement in the creation of the New Catholic Paradigm, Benedict is now being said to have deliberately timed his resignation in order to allow his old academic colleague to participate in the 2013 Conclave
Next plague outbreak in Madagascar could be 'stronger': WHO Geneva - The World Health Organisation chief on Wednesday said a deadly plague epidemic appeared to have been brought under control in Madagascar, but warned the next outbreak would likely be stronger
The Freedom Center emerged victorious, but it is clear that leftist hate groups such as the SPLC and Color of Change org are preparing new attacks against the Freedom Center and other conservative groups and individuals 24/7
This email leaked to Fox News and Breitbart News and is now likely to become a centerpiece in the case that Google is throwing its weight around to interfere in elections in the United States in a partisan manner against the duly elected President of the United States This email from Murillo was not just from some rogue staffer inside Google
Submit to what God condemns? Yet, this is what the perverse, modern-day, professing Christians are teaching the sheep in the American Church today
First They Came for Alex Jones — We Told You We Were Next — We Were October 11, 2018, will be remembered in history as the day the tech giants attempted to wipe out independent, liberty-minded, antiwar media from the airwaves
But what exactly is a neo-traditionalist? Quite simply: an orthodox Catholic who has had enough of the homosexual-infested regime of novelty imposed on the Church by the old men of the Council, Bergoglio merely being the latest, the highest placed, and one of the last
” [emphasis added] The US Is Blatantly Telling Lies
 Constitution as Seditious Once the truth is accepted that jihadis are inspired and sanctioned by their Islamic texts, it must logically become required that mosques, Islamic schools and groups have to immediately curtail any teaching that motivates sedition, violence, and hatred of unbelievers (i
In any event, the persecution was limited in time and duration as the local elite know they need the Chinese to run the economy and to avoid Red China intervening on behalf of their fellow ethnics In the United States, these Chinese went through the liberal asylum process, but did not manage to fool even the credulous "judges" at the Executive Office for Immigration Review (EOIR), the immigration courts
San Francisco's policy is to ignore such requests if they are not accompanied by judge-signed warrants, and the city has cited federal court cases concluding that such detentions violate inmates' Fourth Amendment rights Garcia Zarate's deportation and criminal history made him an effective target for immigration hardliners, who argued that Steinle would still be alive were it not for an insecure border and lenient treatment toward suspected undocumented immigrants in local jails
How can he contradict himself like that and not even bat an eyelid? In discussing the arrival of these migrants who obviously gotten incredible help along the way, busted through customs gates, and pushed at the Mexican border while committing all sorts of crimes against many they come in contact with along the way, Lemon said what is clearly not only racist but utterly insane
American comedians need to start writing scripts that follow in Maher’s footsteps and Americans need to encourage and equip them to do so – and to also vigorously defend them from the attacks and slanders they will inevitably receive from totalitarian leftist and Islamic forces We must never underestimate the crippling effect of comedy on the totalitarian Mullahs of the world
"Let’s not forget that it is a fact that helicopters were lurking behind the Mandalay Bay during the attack which were not shown on the radar," author Shepard Ambellas writes Ambellas claims helicopters provided an "air assault" during the massacre, a ludicrous theory he's expounded upon on InfoWars with the internet's conspiracy-theorist-in-chief Alex Jones
” The Vatican presents a choice: the world, or Christ
ICE Deputy Director Thomas Homan said in a statement Tuesday, The Oakland mayor’s decision to publicize her suspicions about ICE operations further increased that risk for my officers and alerted criminal aliens — making clear that this reckless decision was based on her political agenda
Time for the laity to demand a new Shepherd ” Even Michael Voris, in a highly amusing example of leading from behind, has finally abandoned his absurd refusal to criticize this pontificate and now declares with a screaming headline: “Pope Francis Must Resign
Now, from East Africa to Sri Lanka in the Indian Ocean, and from the South and East China Sea to Taiwan, Beijing’s expansionist ambitions have become clear And where are the Republicans responsible for building up this potentially malevolent power that thieves our technology?
” Maury County Director of Schools, Chris Marczak, defended the curriculum: “It is our job as a public school system to educate our students on world history in order to be ready to compete in a global society, not to endorse one religion over another or indoctrinate
Why did God judge Sodom and Gomorrah? It's the same reason that he is judging America today (Amos 4:12), He cannot find the righteous in order to spare her (Jeremiah 22:3)
How inconvenient that during a global prelate homosexual coverup scandal, the 2018 Synodal Bishop Conferences are exploring for ways during the Synod to discuss ways in which homosexual youths want to be “closer” to the Church! How inconvenient that since 2013 during Francis’ impromptu airplane presser when he cleverly sent a powerful message to homosexual clerics, “Who Am I to Judge,” now Francis must judge the criminal predatory conduct of homosexual clergy and prelates who preyed on youth and seminarians
Down in San Antonio, Texas the dangerous and violent predilections of the left reared its ugly head once again A “man” attacked a teenager who was wearing a #MAGA hat
Third, the well-intentioned but dimwitted Gregory VI, whose election was tainted by a seemingly simoniacal negotiation with Benedict, who had returned to Rome in 1045 and ousted Sylvester, according to which Benedict would receive a generous pension if he resigned the papacy, which Benedict did only to rescind his resignation The Synod was convoked by Henry III, the German king and soon-to-be-crowned Holy Roman Emperor, a pious and austere Christian and an exponent of the Cluniac spirit of reform
I encourage all parents looking at alternatives to government schools —alternatives that provide children with a well-rounded education that introduces them to the history and ideas of liberty — to go to RonPaulCurriculum com for more information about my homeschooling program
Let’s start with the Cardinal who will lead the upcoming Synod, none other than Cardinal Kevin Farrell, Prefect of the Dicastery for Laity, Family and Life As the DC roommate and protege of Ted McCarrick, Farrell so respected McCarrick, the Molester, that he fashioned his Coat of Arms as a tribute to Uncle Ted
“That’s just one segment of what goes on in our world The world is so much bigger than Farrakhan and the Jewish question and his position on that and so forth
S  Embassy officials in Moscow that he was going to deliver classified information to the Soviet Union, which was America’s sworn Cold War enemy (and former World War II partner and ally), U
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use The spread of cultural Marxism has contributed to the dumbing down of public education
There is a certain comfort level with sin that has come to pervade our teaching, our preaching, our decision making, and our very way of living If you’ll permit me, what the Church needs now is more hatred!
“ This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further
Defining the Wicked… Wicked men in the sight of God are those who have the knowledge of what to do when it comes to the right, but over and over again, they turn their shoulders and choose the wrong, through tolerance and apathy Americans are bringing upon themselves destruction (Deuteronomy 30:19) that will not be reversed, which leaves no alternative as to why God judges and is judging America today (Deuteronomy 28:63)
Gillum is a “crazy, crazy,” Democrat Smith also explains Gillum’s political worldview, saying that “Gillum is a progressive… He is a part of the crazy crazy crazies
org Director Robert Spencer, meanwhile, is not just a target at Facebook, where his referrals are down 90% from what they once were; he has been banned by Patreon at the behest of MasterCard -- and MasterCard has yet to respond to his lawyer’s letter GoFundMe has also banned Spencer because of a smear by the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) hate machine
And we know in France, in Germany, and in Europe generally, that all of the young bishops are worse [than the bishops in Spain] in that they are more or less Marxist That is a fact
The bubonic plague outbreak that is taking Madagascar to its knees will more than likely last another six months But the worst news is that the epidemic could explode anytime unleashing the sickness on the globe
Why? She knew it would be made public
“I was completely mystified, and I really didn’t understand where it came from last night It seemed like Chief Hall might not have been well informed on the law,” said Moore
For anyone who has a mindset of conformity and deference to authority, that story makes sense because nothing is questioned or challenged For anyone who has a critical, analytical, independent mindset, the official story is filled with holes
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use According to this Supreme Court nominee, he thinks it is just fine and dandy for police and government to track you, spy on you, and dig through your personal life — without a warrant
“The continued results of our deportation officers underscore ICE’s ongoing and steady commitment to public safety,” said Ricardo Wong, field office director for ERO Chicago “As part of this operation, we continue focus on the arrest of individuals who are criminal aliens and public safety threats
The ship has extensive space and equipment for trauma care and a large staff, but CNN reported that as of last Tuesday, only 33 of 250 beds were full The looming crisis seems to be getting worse, not better, and Puerto Rico is experiencing a medical crisis of epic proportions
Trump announced Tillerson’s ouster via Twitter Tuesday, saying: “Mike Pompeo, Director of the CIA, will become our new Secretary of State He will do a fantastic job!
 market, get a strong hold on our uranium, and without a doubt we knew they were using political levers to try to get their way here We are talking about control, like this document says, they are trying to gain control of our markets
“As if I could have taken a selfie or a photo while Karadima abused me and others and Juan Barros stood by watching it all,” tweeted Juan Carlos Cruz “These people are truly crazy, and the pontiff talks about atonement to the victims
Is President Trump a Traitor? The US Democratic Party is determined to take the world to thermo-nuclear war rather than to admit that Hillary Clinton lost the presidential election fair and square
” Cliff Eserman, who works for the Broward County Democratic Party adds that during the Democratic primary, Gillum had to campaign on values he does not really believe:
Again and again it turns out that Wills has ignored key passages in order to make his case He asks why the Qur’an is “so ferocious to ‘hypocrites’ and apostates” (p
S Ambassador Nikki Haley comes is devastating
It's the same reason that he is judging America today (Amos 4:12), He cannot find the righteous in order to spare her (Jeremiah 22:3) Defining the Wicked…
The Collateral Damage video, the war logs of Afghanistan and Iraq, the Cablegate revelations, the Venezuela revelations, the Podesta email revelations … these are just a few of the storms of raw truth that have blown through the capitals of rapacious power The fakery of Russia-gate, the collusion of a corrupt media and the shame of a legal system that pursues truth-tellers have not been able to hold back the raw truth of WikiLeaks revelations
 Monahan's claims and Keith Ellison's unwillingness to address the public with his side of the story that perhaps, he has not changed his ways at all In fact, he can more than likely justify his actions based upon the demonic teachings of Muhammad in the Koran
Given that this was three years or more from the abdication of Benedict and the installation of the New Paradigm of Francis/Kasper, one wonders what this “new dawn” was actually about Perhaps a useful question for one of the nuns present could have been, “A ‘new dawn’ of what, exactly?” This kind of coded language has been popular with the progressivist faction in the Church since the 1960s, when the expectation was for the installation of a totally new Church
That's what the "resistance" has always been about The Mueller Circus is Over, Long Live the Mueller Circus
” What are these people smoking?
Democratic Illinois Rep  Danny Davis thinks Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan, a notorious racist and anti-Semite, does “outstanding work” but doesn’t agree with Farrakhan’s positions that white people are “devils” and Jewish people are satanic
“Remember our saying, modern-day fairy tales start with ‘once I am elected,'” Smith says NEW VERITAS: FL Gov Candidate Staffer Who Went to College with Gillum: "Not for voters to know" programs won't happen, “Modern day fairy tales start with once I am elected” Florida is a "F***ed up" "cracker state" FULL REPORT: https://t
Let the Americans, who relish playing empire, pay for NATO Second, in a reflexive response to 9/11, we invaded Afghanistan and Iraq, dumped over the regime in Libya, armed rebels to overthrow Bashar Assad in Syria, and backed Saudi intervention in a Yemeni civil war, creating a humanitarian crisis in that poorest of Arab countries that is exceeded in horrors only by the Syrian civil war
Seemingly heedless of these hard facts, President Trump – who himself avoided national military service in the 1960’s – keeps beating the war drums over North Korea and needling its thin-skinned regime with naval exercises, over-flights, and intensifying bombast North Korea’s Kim Jong-un has played right along, clearly relishing his game of chicken with tough-talking Donald Trump
 advisers and sits on the Vatican’s bishop oversight committee Well played, Cardinal Wuerl!
So crazy he tried to contrive an alibi for his crime Kobili isn't crazy
I demand the highest standards, and where they are not met, I take action,” Sessions added “However, no nation has a more talented, more dedicated group of law enforcement investigators and prosecutors than the United States
] Frontpage editors are happy to announce our free speech victory: Facebook has lifted Frontpage editor Jamie Glazov's 30-day ban on Facebook, apologizing and saying that the block was a “mistake”
There already was a blackout on the worst mass murder in modern American history 58 dead, hundreds wounded, the savagery of the Vegas attack is unspeakable, and still the incompetent, clueless authorities know nothing
Alright? This is a f***ed up ass state
Unbelievable! Sharia New Mexico: Islamic compound jihadis RELEASED on bond after charges of “Islamophobia” and “racism” (Islam is not a race)
Implement a Concrete “Countering-Jihad” Strategy After discarding the “Countering Violent Extremism” absurdity, a concrete Counter-Jihad strategy must become an official policy
Iran is not an actual threat to the united States However, the US seems hell-bent on continuing to put its nose into other countries politics, including seeking to change its government while hypocritically pointing at other countries for trying to manipulate our own political system
What of that lone prophet, Elijah? The tyrant Ahab called him the troubler of Israel
Allahu Akbar usually means motive unknown The 28-year-old Muslim man confessed to the killing and was heard shouting “Allahu Akbar” and calling Halimi “Satan” shortly before throwing her out the window of her three-story apartment
In an affidavit filed in support of a criminal complaint, an FBI special agent wrote that Leveille’s 13-year-old son told investigators that his mother’s boyfriend, Siraj Ibn Wahhaj, 40, wanted to “get an army together” and train them for jihad The boy told agents that Ibn Wahhaj trained him and another of Leveille’s teenage sons in firearms and military techniques, including rapid reloads and hand-to-hand combat, and told them jihad meant killing non-believers on behalf of Allah, according to the affidavit filed in U
No, Bergoglio must go The successors of the Apostles, the only ones in a position to end his rampage, must demand his resignation and, should he refuse as expected, act in this unprecedented emergency to declare his removal from the office he has criminally abused and whose very credibility he threatens to destroy
Mueller is done Huge victory for the president,” he said
" Haters of Judge Kavanaugh are turning the process of Senate confirmation of a Supreme Court nominee into something worse than a travesty
S  Supreme Court reveals its malicious agenda to block the nominee from sitting on the high court when its new term begins Monday, October 1
The three-mile-wide asteroid is expected to miss the Earth, but it’s still labeled as “potentially hazardous,” and for good reasons With a diameter of about 3 miles, the asteroid named 3200 Phaethon (after the Greek demi-god who, according to legend, nearly set the Earth on fire) is classified as “potentially hazardous” by the Minor Planet Center
If Hillary Clinton were in office, we'd all be in danger The #KateSteinle verdict is an endorsement of murder
No one forced J Street to collaborate with anti-Semites And here's J Street trying to decide whether to stop endorsing a Democrat who pals around with Farrakhan and defended him by mentioning the "Jewish question
Nowhere was this more evident than in the manner in which Trump described Iran’s repressive regime and attempts by the Iranian people to overthrow it through peaceful protest When it comes to Iran’s governing authorities, the Trump administration is under no illusions about the nefarious nature of this fascist theocracy
88) and to Qur'anic Suras that mandate the Hijab for women (24:31; 33:59) and sanction sexual slavery (4:3; 33:50) One thing we know for sure is that, despite this lifting of Jamie’s ban, Facebook and the leftist totalitarians in other social media venues and in the culture at large will continue their unrelenting effort to suffocate dissent and conservative voices
The radical Shiite Iranian regime purported to come to the “rescue” of both countries from the Sunni terrorists, turning Iraq into a virtual vassal state of the largest state sponsor of terrorism in the process Obama's disastrous nuclear deal with Iran legitimized Iran's path to eventually becoming a nuclear-armed state, while immediately filling its coffers with billions of dollars to fund its aggression
In addition to securing the Gulf, the 5th Fleet serves as a constant reminder to the Iranians of their impotence But the deterrent effect of the Navy’s 5th Fleet, and for that matter America’s military might, is only as effective as the political leadership that commands it, and Barack Obama as Commander in Chief of the armed forces did little to instill fear or project deterrence
[More] Anyhow, they have now released a different photo (above)and it is the same guy, and he is black
S  Army stopped to interrogate every German soldier who crashed through the Ardennes Forest at the beginning of the Battle of the Bulge in 1944, to see if each one’s actions had anything to do with the German Army and Adolf Hitler’s war aims
"Any Jew who opposes the Occupation — or opposes Zionism itself — knows that feeling of being shunned from the places that are supposed to shelter and nurture you: families, synagogues, community centers, arts organizations," Fishback continues "I am terrified for the Jewish people
The June 2017 application was the last of four filed by the Justice Department in support of FISA court orders allowing the monitoring of Page for nearly a year In comments to reporters and on Twitter, President Trump has been blasting Strzok and Page for months over their inappropriate behavior
With the leftist media entirely focused on the push to ban AR-15s and repeal the Second Amendment, practically no one noticed Louis Farrakhan's Saviours’ Day 2018 Address in which he told an approving audience that "powerful Jews are my enemy," and "white folks are going down," according to The Washington Examiner Farrakhan, of course, is the raging anti-Semite and race-monger who leads the Nation of Islam, the loony, militant, black nationalist organization whose mission is to throw off the yoke of the inferior white devil
How inconvenient that during a global prelate homosexual coverup scandal, the 2018 Synodal Bishop Conferences are exploring for ways during the Synod to discuss ways in which homosexual youths want to be “closer” to the Church! How inconvenient that since 2013 during Francis’ impromptu airplane presser when he cleverly sent a powerful message to homosexual clerics, “Who Am I to Judge,” now Francis must judge the criminal predatory conduct of homosexual clergy and prelates who preyed on youth and seminarians
We are in the early stages of a cultural civil war in which the left sees itself losing This is what led me to write my new New York Times best-selling book, “Trump’s America: The Truth About Our Nation’s Great Comeback
Whataburger told Fox News that it is cooperating with the police investigation “We were shocked to see this video and certainly don’t condone this type of customer behavior in our restaurants," the company said
I have lost my diocese The headquarters of my archdiocese and my apostolate have been occupied by radical Islamists who want us to convert or die
And do the police have any interest in this? Or would that be “islamofauxbic”?
He simply wished that it was so Let’s give our neo-Catholic friends another “apocryphal” quotation to dismiss out of hand
The suspect, Traore Kobili, is scheduled to have a third evaluation to determine his ability to stand trial for the murder of Sarah Halimi in April 2017 He is alleged to have beaten her to death while calling her a demon and shouting about Allah before throwing her body from the window of her third-story apartment
Islamic institutions have to be made to buffer their lip-service against terror with actually doing something about it As Robert Spencer counsels, this has to involve introducing programs that teach against jihadists’ understanding of Islam — and these programs have to be regularly monitored by the government
Nothing done in Helsinki made life easier for the Putin regime in its continued economic decay and diplomatic isolation due to the sanctions regime Any intellectually honest review of the last decade of foreign policy would lead one to admit that President Trump has most assuredly been tougher on Putin and Russia than Obama ever was
Yes, social media platforms were great for spreading information across the internet and for having more people become aware of it It really showed what people were interested in, and what people wanted to see, but clearly, we do not live in a democracy and that doesn’t matter
﻿Vatican Theologian Sacked for Questioning “Merciful” Pope’s Pontificate By now the whole Catholic world has heard of the publication of a devastating letter to Pope Francis from Father Thomas G
You should learn to call them by their real name, ‘Satan ’ You’re coming face to face with Satan, the Arch Deceiver, the enemy of God, and the enemy of the righteous
S  plan to create a BSF inside Syria, Damascus declared , "represents a blatant attack on the sovereignty and territorial integrity and unity of Syria, and a flagrant violation of international law
A much ballyhooed flight to Singapore, backslapping a delighted Kim, and a love-fest between the two chunky leaders was sold to Americans as the dawn of peace America’s media was quick to retail the story and burnish Trump’s credentials among the seriously credulous
Our goals: Guarantee al-Qaida and ISIS do not return and set up sanctuary; cope with rising Iranian influence in Damascus; and pursue the removal of Bashar Assad's ruthless regime But who authorized this strategic commitment, of indefinite duration, in Syria, when near two decades in Afghanistan have failed to secure that nation against the return of al-Qaida and ISIS?
” It was at this early “no evidence” comment on the plane home from Rio that some of those paying attention started to understand that Bergoglio’s policy is in line with that of certain leaders of the past who recommended that if a politician was going to lie, he should lie big and lie brazenly
Investigators also speculated that a flawed spy device could be behind the victims' ailments in Cuba The US expelled 15 Cuban diplomats from the US after the alleged acoustic attacks
Gillard has recently been appearing in a gig with Hillary Clinton; they are billed as pioneering feminists If there is anything to remember Gillard by, it a warmongering, sycophantic, embarrassing speech she made to the US Congress soon after she demanded the illegal cancellation of Julian’s passport
In 1013, Berbers from North Africa entered Spain and took Córdoba in 1013, they began massacring Jews, and initiated a wholesale slaughter of Jews in Granada And again in 1066, rioting Muslims, enraged by the humiliation of a Jew who had been appointed to rule over Muslims, murdered four thousand Jews in Granada
Special counsel Mueller’s report should be made public without any delay The American people have a right to know its findings
When we confess our sins and we truly say, “I have sinned in this”, the Lord forgets, and so we have no right not to forget, because otherwise we would run the risk of the Lord not forgetting our sins That is a danger
Because these stipulations are found in the Qur’an, they cannot be questioned or set aside Throughout his book, Wills’ assurances that the Qur’an is not really as bad as “right-wing Islamophobes” say, or that the Bible contains material that is just as bad or worse, dissolve under close scrutiny
Doesn't make much sense? Are you people serious?
For more on Farrakhan, check out his profile here at Discover the Networks, the Horowitz Freedom Center's resource site of the left Farrakhan Speech: 'Jews Are My Enemy,' 'White Folks Are Going Down'
Growing US hysteria over North Korea, a nation of only 25 million, recalls the propaganda storm launched by Washington to justify its invasion of equally small Iraq The dim-witted US ambassador to the UN, Nikki Haley, has become point-woman for hurling warlike threats at North Korea even though this neocon poster-girl’s foreign affairs experience appears to have been limited to the International House of Pancakes in her native South Carolina
She said her son cannot walk and suffers seizures, and requires constant medical attention An arrest warrant states that Wahhaj "wanted to perform an exorcism" on the child because he believed he was possessed by the devil
In his recent document, ostensibly on holiness, “Gaudete et Exultate,” the pope attacked the religious desire for silence and solitude, to be alone with God in prayer, seeking unity with Him, saying in essence that the Christian life is inherently about social activism, about material, worldly ends To these foundations of the contemplative life – indeed of any form of religious life in the Church – Francis set up another of his false dichotomies, contemplation in opposition to serving others, giving a Jesuit maxim as an imperative for all Catholics: “We are called to be contemplatives even in the midst of action, and to grow in holiness by responsibly and generously carrying out our proper mission
I made it after long reflection and prayer, during months of profound suffering and anguish, during a crescendo of continual news of terrible events, with thousands of innocent victims destroyed and the vocations and lives of young priests and religious disturbed The silence of the pastors who could have provided a remedy and prevented new victims became increasingly indefensible, a devastating crime for the Church
The Washington establishment politicians act like children when they can’t have their way They kick and scream and lie and pout
Because Republicans fear the backlash from all those women voters who presumably agree with the fundamentalist feminists, and insist that every accusation of sexual assault, no matter how much it’s unsupported by corroborating evidence or even plausibility, must be believed This contention itself is an expression of the radical feminist narrative of innate male feral sexuality that makes them sexual predators
Neither Manafort nor these “Russians” are in the visitor logs … What possible motive would the Ecuadorean government have for facilitating secret unrecorded visits by Paul Manafort? Furthermore it is impossible that the intelligence agency – who were in charge of the security – would not know the identity of these alleged “Russians”
” “I personally know [Farrakhan], I’ve been to his home, done meetings, participated in events with him,” Davis told TheDC “I don’t regard Louis Farrakhan as an aberration or anything, I regard him as an outstanding human being who commands a following of individuals who are learned and articulate and he plays a big role in the lives of thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of people,” he emphasized later
[Editors' note: To best understand why Facebook would ban Jamie Glazov on 9/11 in the first place, pre-order Jamie's new book, Jihadist Psychopath: How He Is Charming, Seducing, and Devouring Us: HERE The book illustrates how the Jihadist Psychopath has, with the help of the Left, successfully built his totalitarian plantation in the West -- on which the political and cultural establishment is now enslaved and dutifully following his orders
I encourage all parents looking at alternatives to government schools —alternatives that provide children with a well-rounded education that introduces them to the history and ideas of liberty — to go to RonPaulCurriculum com for more information about my homeschooling program
(1) A journalist called upon to ask a question will ask a single question and then will yield the floor to other journalists; (2) At the discretion of the President or other White House official taking questions, a follow-up question or questions may be permitted; and where a follow up has been allowed and asked, the questioner will then yield the floor; (3) “Yielding the floor” includes, when applicable, physically surrendering the microphone to White House staff for use by the next questioner; (4) Failure to abide by any of rules (1)-(3) may result in suspension or revocation of the journalist’s hard pass I can see this going way downhill
We are simply asked to take the pope’s word for it, but given that it follows his astoundingly brazen lie that there was no evidence for Ricca’s homosexual activity in the first place, we can take the assurance for what it seems to be worth Next, after another little inside nudge-nudge-wink-wink joke about the “gay lobby” – implying (but of course never outright saying) that the whole thing is hysterical nonsense – we hear a direct contradiction to Catholic teaching from no less a source than his predecessor, Pope Benedict Ratzinger
When I am elected to Congress, I am going to make fighting this sort of predatory behavior a top priority We are supposed to serve as an example to the rest of the world, and instead, we have become a bad joke
That, of course is not her role The only claim they have before a Federal court is if they got the due process that Congress gave those illegal aliens
Article posted with permission from Daisy Luther Why the Coordinated Alternative Media Purge Should TERRIFY Everyone: Soon Those Who Hate Freedom Will Have Unquestioned Access to the Minds of 2 Billion People
I’m sure if there was any, Ganesh would, as a researcher at an elite institution, be able to find it But there is none offered – only surmise and Ganesh’s mindreading techniques
JStreetPAC, the arm of the NGO that funds and endorses candidates, currently lists Rep  Danny Davis, an Illinois Democrat from the virulently anti-Semitic Farrakhan’s home base of Chicago, as a candidate it supports
"This is evidently of no consequence to a President who cares about nothing about the country and everything about his narrow self-interest," Schiff added The president’s order is similar to his February move, when he cleared the way for the Republican-led House Intelligence Committee to release a partisan memo about the surveillance warrant on Carter Page
And Trump hasn’t learned it yet For one thing, the president has made this an extremely high-profile episode by stringing out the process as the accusations against Kavanaugh gained credibility and even multiplied
Of all people, we had assumed that Benedict XVI took the papacy seriously And since then, as all the poisons that had been lurking for fifty years in the NewChurch mud are busily hatching out, many Catholics want to know why we hear nothing from him?
Is it a violation of submission to God's principles to keep preaching, “Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins…”? Absolutely not!
In December it successfully carried out the most-distant course-correction manoeuvre ever, with the mission team guiding it towards a close-encounter with a KBO scheduled for 1 January 2019 "That New Year's flight past MU69 will be the farthest planetary encounter in history, happening one billion miles beyond the Pluto system - which New Horizons famously explored in July 2015," said NASA
Read the Archbishop’s words for yourselves and note well the ring of truth that resonates in every sentence This is clearly the testimony of an honest man who has only the good of the Church in his heart—a modern-day Athanasius standing against something so much worse than Liberius
Pope Francis defers to the exposition of Amoris laetitia by Cardinal Schoenborn given in April 2016 when the exhortation was made public I have read the Cardinal's exposition in both Italian and English, and I only find mention of the help of the sacraments in certain cases
The IAEA knows not to ask As to the JCPOA’s sunset provisions, the Obama administration lied about that too
” Exactly what this “special need” is that can constitute a Gestapo like police state surveilling its own citizens is a moving target that has already been proven to be abused over and over again
And I’ve never caught the plague,” she told the AFP The Plague Is AIRBORNE And It’s Spreading Because People Are Literally ‘Dancing With Corpses’
Since it’s airborne, anyone coming close to the corpse of a person who has died of the black death could themselves, catch the infection Health officials suspect it’s no coincidence that the outbreak coincides with the time of year when families customarily exhume the remains of dead relatives, wrap them in a sheet, and dance with them through the streets in a sacred ritual, AFP reports
Shop all books by Pat Buchanan With never-Trump conservatives bailing on the GOP and crying out for the Party of Pelosi to save us, some painful truths need to be restated
Marx, one of the pope’s nine main advisors, said in 2016 that same-sex relationships have “worth” which must be recognized by the Church German cardinal: liturgical ‘blessing’ for gay unions is ‘truly…sacrilegious’
He has denied the allegation repeatedly, and Monahan has continued to press her case in frequent tweets about Ellison On Sunday, Monahan tweeted to Ellison: “This is not going away and you are making it worse for you, your family and district by lying, smearing, getting others to do your dirty work, victim shaming, etc
” Sean Ragan might explain to us that authorities are also trying to determine whether the German invasion of Poland in September 1939 was motivated by Nazism, or by mental health issues among the German High Command This willful ignorance leads to a diversion and waste of resources that is astronomical and catastrophic
After the prayer was over, I had a minister come up to me and tell me that I could not be dropping the “J” (Jesus) word in the capital I said that the reason I dropped the “J” word was because you haven’t in 40 years (Romans 1:16)
“Anonymous letters with no name and no return address are now being treated as national news ” Taking a shot at Stormy Daniels attorney Michael Avenatti, Hatch said “porn star lawyers with facially implausible claims are driving the news cycle
His account was suspended for violating Twitter’s rules relating to “hateful conduct ” It is "hateful conduct", apparently, to reference what Islamic texts themselves say
Whoa!’ First of all, calligraphy was invented in China 3,000 years prior to Muhammad The fact that they were trying to get my daughter to write that disturbed me
“I will always practice the turning of the bones of my ancestors — plague or no plague The plague is a lie,” Helene Raveloharisoa told the wire service
So regardless of whether you, personally, participate, this will color popular sentiment to a massive degree It will grow the cognitive dissonance that assures people of things like “the government is your friend” and that “you don’t need to protect yourself, the police will take care of you
” It isn’t surprising that Ilhan Omar would think this way She is a hijab-wearing, devout Muslim, and Islamic Jew-hatred is in the Quran
S  regime-change operation was one of the most ingenious and cunning plots ever designed
Representatives are to magnify the law, not tear it down; and yet, this is what the biblically illiterate are teaching others to do, submit to the tyrants and resist God, His Church and His Word (Micah 3:5) I ask, are Christians to submit to those who have sanctioned the murder of the innocent in the womb (Exodus 20:13; Proverbs 6:17)?
His recent statements that he knew nothing about it, even though at first he cunningly referred to compensation for the two victims, are absolutely laughable The Cardinal lies shamelessly and prevails upon his Chancellor, Monsignor Antonicelli, to lie as well
It may even prove a political masterstroke of sorts for Trump How else does one fight back against the nameless, faceless bureaucrats of the Deep State who hide behind anonymity to undermine the duly elected 45th president of the United States?
YOUNG: “… I do think he’s not saying specifically like I’m going to ban bump stocks or I’m against ATs, only because he’s running a race right now I do think he would support anybody doing that stuff, Bill Nelson… But I don’t think he can say it just [be]cause he’s trying to get the moderates and the gun-toting people in North Florida…”
The Muslim Brotherhood's leaders praising Hitler, calling for another Holocaust and killing Jews is nothing like the Holocaust And only shameless Zionists would attempt to equate killing Jews with killing Jews
Congratulations to all!” This is yet another big shake-up for Trump’s still-young administration — and it may be the most important one to date
 Mark Warner (D-VA), the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, said Mueller’s findings “must be provided to Congress immediately, and the Attorney General should swiftly prepare a declassified version for the public Nothing short of that will suffice
An article, “What the Red Pill Means for Radicals,” published on June 7 in the ironically named publication Fair Observer might have passed unnoticed as yet another uninformed, biased and ideologically motivated attack on all who ever get labeled “extremists ” The piece is so riddled with non-sequiturs and wild generalizations that it seems almost cruel to rip it to shreds
 el-Sissi in Egypt — before he came down that escalator And so the elites who were in charge when the fire broke out, and who failed to respond and refused even to recognize it, and who now denounce Trump for how he is coping with it, are unlikely to be called upon again to lead this republic
S  citizen who has committed NO CRIME is denied his Natural right of self-defense for a whole year
Meaning, the obviously politically biased team that had just cleared the woman that they supported, was now tapped to investigate if the man that they hated was tied to Russian corruption This is INSANE
Defining the Wicked… Wicked men in the sight of God are those who have the knowledge of what to do when it comes to the right, but over and over again, they turn their shoulders and choose the wrong, through tolerance and apathy Americans are bringing upon themselves destruction (Deuteronomy 30:19) that will not be reversed, which leaves no alternative as to why God judges and is judging America today (Deuteronomy 28:63)
Sore Loser: Stacey Abrams Ends Challenges In Georgia Gubernatorial Race - Won't Concede - Set To File Lawsuit Defeated Georgia gubernatorial candidate Stacey Abrams finally ended her challenges on Friday and ended her challenges against Republican opponent Brian Kemp
Nicholas Bernabe of The AntiMedia is another alternative journalist I consider a friend and support wholeheartedly He’s worked tirelessly to be a voice of truth in a world of lies
South Florida Muslim Leader Sofian Zakkout’s David Duke Day David Duke, the white supremacist icon and former Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan, has been denounced by many as a hatemonger, and rightfully so
All are federal crimes Trump also continued to cast himself as a victim in the matter, saying when he attempts to “FIGHT BACK or say anything bad about the Rigged Witch Hunt,” his critics “scream Obstruction!”
On the left, as Orwell had it in Animal Farm, rats are comrades, and criminals are victims of capitalist society In the view of Gonzalez, society is progressing toward a social justice paradise ruled by a wise elite that knows what’s best for all
" Ellison then concluded, "He made it very clear in the early 90s that his views and mine were absolutely incompatible, and I’ve been saying that ever since
But she did not: She went on for another several paragraphs on the first page and an extra three pages to admit the openly partisan intent of Google’s actions, including a remarkable in-writing confirmation that at least one of Google’s actions amounted to a “silent donation”—something that could raise Federal Election Commission (FEC) red flags if authorities decide to launch an official investigation into this matter, now that these emails have been publicly revealed It is in the next paragraph that Murillo openly admits that Google made a “silent donation,” in her words, paying for rides to polls via leftist organization Voto Latino
Eleven children were found in terrible conditions in that compound That's hardly a "domestic situation
And 36 years can distort memories, one way or another What is happening in the Brett Kavanaugh nomination process should concern every American
Deadly serious It makes perfect sense when you have the same people who have absolutely no problem with mothers hiring hitmen to murder their babies in their wombs in the most brutal and barbaric fashion, and then sell off their body parts for profit, if they don't throw them in the trash or flush them down a toilet, calling for computer files to be kept by the government and not be allowed to be released to the public
” Maury County Director of Schools, Chris Marczak, defended the curriculum: “It is our job as a public school system to educate our students on world history in order to be ready to compete in a global society, not to endorse one religion over another or indoctrinate
That was Turnbull before he became prime minister Now the government is playing its usual role of being the fifty-first state of the United States
To be sure, the Left's attacks on the David Horowitz Freedom Center continue unabated: just recently a hit piece in the Washington Post smeared a stand-up noble gentleman like Florida Gubernatorial Candidate Republican Ron DeSantis, libeling David Horowitz in the process The article stated falsely and maliciously that Horowitz's Restoration Weekend, that DeSantis had attended, was somehow “a racially charged event” -- a vicious lie that Frontpage has exposed and for which the Washington Post is still to apologize and issue a retraction
This is a charge most serious, perhaps without precedent in modern times Bishops and priests, abusing their authority, have committed horrendous crimes to the detriment of their faithful, minors, innocent victims, and young men eager to offer their lives to the Church, or by their silence have not prevented that such crimes continue to be perpetrated
” “But it is extremely dangerous as the head of the Catholic Church — you know, the last appeal — that this is the kind of behavior that is going to be mimicked around the world by bishops, [who will say] ‘Well if the Pope is not going to intervene and impose zero tolerance, why should I?’”
According to an ex-Secret Service agent, Vice-President Joe Biden was regularly engaged in “Weinstein-level” predatory behavior… An ex-Secret Service agent is claiming that former Vice President Joe Biden engaged in “Weinstein-level” sexual assault and that he would walk around the VP residence late at night completely naked
” In a sense, what Bergoglio is doing is worse than explicit heresy, which could at least be readily identified and denounced as such
He can’t; he has just explained all Qur’anic violence and intolerance away, leaving the manifest fact that all too many Muslims worldwide think that the Qur’an says exactly what he claims it does not say an unanswered conundrum Wills’ naïve, inaccurate, misleadingly sunny view of the Qur’an, of course, accords with that of his fellow Leftist Catholic, Pope Francis
” To Kavanaugh, sweeping programs that collect information from innocent citizens’ phones are not in conflict with having the right to be free from unlawful search and seizure Seriously
” Of course, the reality is that bringing something like this up more than 30 years later is ridiculous, but this is the Democrats for you
South Florida Muslim Leader Sofian Zakkout’s David Duke Day David Duke, the white supremacist icon and former Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan, has been denounced by many as a hatemonger, and rightfully so
" She is seeking to slander a man's character for something she cannot prove that she claims happened over 36 years ago
For example, one year ago three cardinals sent me a letter (Cardinals Wright, Tabera [Arturo Carinal Tabera Araoz, one of the Council Fathers MJM], and Gabriel-Marie Garrone) telling me (in effect) that I must close the seminaries Well, I refused, because I refuse to contribute to the destruction of the Church
Though he had lifted the title of his August anti-Trump polemic, "Conscience of a Conservative," from Barry Goldwater, Jeff Flake is no Barry Goldwater Goldwater took on the GOP establishment in the primaries, voted against the Civil Rights Act of 1964, defiantly declared, "Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice," and then went down to defeat battling to the end after the assassination of JFK made LBJ invincible
It's difficult to see how "ghost guns" could ever be regulated by the government The Goal Of Eliminating Guns Is Ultimately A Fool’s Errand
S  church, named 301 priests from the state as credibly accused child sex abusers and accused church leaders of a systematic cover-up of their crimes
Guyger then called 911 from her cellphone and started performing first aid She turned on the lights, then went to the front door again and realized the apartment wasn't hers, the affidavit says
How content he is with his decision and how happy with his current life After three years of systematic dismantling of everything he had attempted to do in his pontificate, we got this from an apparently utterly insouciant Ratzinger, addressed to Francis: “Your goodness is my home and the place where I feel safe
Trump's threats to politely walk out of the meeting if his expectations were unmet did not materialize Instead he predicted he could "solve a big problem, a big dilemma" alongside his new partner
Moreover, the pope’s cover-up of McCarrick was clearly not an isolated mistake Many more instances have recently been documented in the press, showing that Pope Francis has defended homosexual clergy who committed serious sexual abuses against minors or adults
It is sad to see how Britain, the cradle of Western democracy and the rule of law, is fast descending into tyranny Tommy is a hero
In addition to covert transfers of materials and technology to Iran in violation of the nuclear deal, the JCPOA may provide a loophole for Iran to exploit in outsourcing some of the development work to North Korea for hard currency, which North Korea desperately needs They are a perfect match for each other
Their names were not among those presented by the Nunciature for Chicago and Newark Regarding Cupich, one cannot fail to note his ostentatious arrogance, and the insolence with which he denies the evidence that is now obvious to all: that 80% of the abuses found were committed against young adults by homosexuals who were in a relationship of authority over their victims
Christopher Chin, head of Homeschool Louisiana, told The Times that parents are fed up with “the violence, the bullying, the unsafe environments ” Many parents are also disturbed by the social engineering, which amounts to brainwashing and indoctrination that goes on in a public school
“Why is it so easy, Theresa May, to jail Tommy Robinson, but so difficult to do anything at all about the monstrous crimes committed in the name of Islam all over this country every day? Why?” Waters asked
As if that wasn’t enough, Ferguson’s executive producer, Sally Neighour, followed the interview with a vicious re-tweet: “Assange is Putin’s bitch We all know it!”
If this latest story about Manafort and Assange is false—that is, if, for example, the sources lied to Harding and Collyns (or if the sources themselves were lied to and thus thought they were being truthful in their statements to the journalists), or if the Ecuadorian intelligence document is a fake, the most logical explanation is that it is an attempt to make Harding look bad The is zero evidence in the Politico screed that supports its suggestions and claims
Removing one’s children from government schools seems a rational response to school shootings School shootings are not the only form of violence causing more parents to consider homeschooling
Agencies scramble to prep Russia probe files for release after sweeping Trump order Intelligence agencies were scrambling Tuesday to comply with a sweeping order by President Trump to declassify key documents that could shed light on the origins of the Russia collusion probe that has hamstrung the administration for more than 18 months
Agencies scramble to prep Russia probe files for release after sweeping Trump order Intelligence agencies were scrambling Tuesday to comply with a sweeping order by President Trump to declassify key documents that could shed light on the origins of the Russia collusion probe that has hamstrung the administration for more than 18 months
The source added that the Justice Department is working on a "compressed timeline" and they expect the first release of records in days or sooner The text messages are expected to take longer because of the sheer number involved and the fact that Trump ordered their release without redactions
In between proclaiming the glory of Allah, he also shouted that his victims were all “unbelievers” A woman heard him say, “Infidel, you must die”
And if the episcopal retort is going to be that this acceptance refers only to chaste homosexuals, then we call FOUL even louder since this crosses the line into willful deception We're all sinners, of course--- and the Church already accepts repentant homosexuals as they are, just as she accepts repentant practitioners of ANY sins of the flesh
By attempting to derail this process with such a pathetic attempt at a smear campaign, you have successfully made it much easier for a real sex offender to point back at this and say, “look, this is what they do"! Women everywhere should be furious
 embassy in Jerusalem Israel has some of the most wickedly experimental munitions in the world and they fired them at people who were protesting the occupation of their homeland and trying to remind people of the Nakba and the right of return
He’s also never criticized the incredibly repressive leaders of Saudi Arabia He’s never criticized the fascist president of the Philippines
At the very least, she should be fired for this But then again, as we’ve reported already this week, Amber Guyger is subject to a different set of rules than common citizens, which apparently includes keeping a paycheck after admitting to killing an unarmed, innocent, pillar of society, Botham Jean
8 Ramirez wasn’t even sure her memory was correct — until she spent six days going over it with her Democrat lawyer
Throughout the debate, Faggioli drew out the argument that allowing the remarried to receive communion would not represent a radical change in doctrine but a return to the teachings of the Gospel Eventually, Douthat drew his argument to its logical conclusion with this question: Were priests throughout history in fact misleading their divorced and remarried parishioners by telling them they could not receive communion?
 government not treason? Other Presidents have been incompetent, corrupt, dishonest, but which has committed treason on a scale to rival the treason of Barack Obama?
Kuttab has defended Islamic anti-Semitism by claiming that the “distrust Moslems feel towards Jews” is due to “two acts of betrayal by Jewish tribes against the Prophet ” And that Jews suffer from a “Holocaust Syndrome” of entitlement
 were an ‘Israeli’-Jewish job ” The website which published the report and which Zakkout linked to is Mouqawamah Music, a site that openly calls for “Death to Israel” and labels the Jewish religion “wicked and filth-ridden
New York Times, you're lying Every media outlet from the Associated Press to NBC, you're lying when you say the video was doctored and that Acosta didn't touch the woman
An email chain among senior Google executives from the day after the 2016 presidential election reveals the company tried to influence the 2016 United States presidential election on behalf of one candidate, Democrat Hillary Rodham Clinton In the emails, a Google executive describes efforts to pay for free rides for a certain sect of the population to the polls–a get-out-the-vote for Hispanic voters operation–and how these efforts were because she thought it would help Hillary Clinton win the general election in 2016
Trump fired Comey in May 2017 and Attorney General Jeff Sessions canned McCabe in March Page left the FBI in May and Strzok got the axe last month
Texas Mom: My Son Was Attacked For Wearing A MAGA Hat At Whataburger A Texas mother’s teenage son was allegedly attacked at a Whataburger for wearing a MAGA (Make America Great Again) hat
” Referring to a jihad attack that happened at that time, the message continued: “One of our groups aided by Allah managed to bomb a bus full of Jewish tourists, plunderers of holy lands, after careful tracking The holy war is not confined to a particular arena and we shall fight the Jews and the Americans until they leave the land of Islam
But this comes with a cost and his health is continuing to deteriorate Those close to him are extremely worried
Kavanaugh has already undergone six FBI background checks and the agency has ruled out investigating Ford’s allegation of drunken groping at a teenagers’ party 36 years ago Ford’s request for an FBI probe is “clearly a desire to delay proceedings,” diGenova said
The new resolution replaced clear prohibitions imposed on Iran’s ballistic missile program with a weak declaration in an annex that simply “calls upon” Iran not to undertake any activity such as development and test launches related to ballistic missiles designed to be capable of delivering nuclear weapons for eight years Iran has tested several ballistic missiles during the last two years, including two Qadr H missiles with the phrase “Israel must be wiped out” emblazoned on the sides
But when Arnold got her grade back on Feb  1, she was shocked to see her professor had failed her
I encourage all parents looking at alternatives to government schools —alternatives that provide children with a well-rounded education that introduces them to the history and ideas of liberty — to go to RonPaulCurriculum com for more information about my homeschooling program
We are women who have known Brett Kavanaugh for more than 35 years and knew him while he attended high school between 1979 and 1983 For the entire time we have known Brett Kavanaugh, he has behaved honorably and treated women with respect… Brett attended Georgetown Prep, an all-boys high school in Rockville, Maryland
But the deterrent effect of the Navy’s 5th Fleet, and for that matter America’s military might, is only as effective as the political leadership that commands it, and Barack Obama as Commander in Chief of the armed forces did little to instill fear or project deterrence On the contrary, the Iranians correctly viewed him as weak, indecisive and ineffectual
6 billion in funding beyond the Trump administration’s request last week for $29 billion from Congress for relief efforts “Puerto Rico has experienced a natural disaster of a magnitude not seen in over a century, and we are doing everything possible to address the needs of the American citizens of Puerto Rico during this time of crisis,” Rosselló wrote
They make sure that the Islamic instruction in these textbooks presents a picture of Islam that is so pristine and whitewashed that it sometimes crosses the boundary from mere pro-Muslim bias into outright Islamic proselytizing The taboo about teaching religion in the public schools, so zealously established and guarded against Christian prayer by the ACLU and the Supreme Court over the last few decades, is increasingly set aside in American public schools, as presentations on Islam frequently cross the line between teaching facts about the religion and teaching the religion as fact
Agents positively identified the subject as Jose Rodriguez-Lopez and noted a MS-503 Gang tattoo across his chest Rodriguez-Lopez claimed to have previously been a member of, MS-503, a branch of MS-13, a gang that originated in El Salvador and is notorious for extreme violence and bloodshed
” God’s inexhaustible mercy, indeed Wills’ peaceful fantasy Qur’an raises one massive question that the author does not and cannot answer: if the Islamic holy book is really as peaceful and benign as Garry Wills makes it out to be, why do so very many Muslims worldwide misunderstand it?
This is all you need to know about the hoax that was and is Trump-Russia collusion and the Robert Mueller special counsel investigation The Duran’s Alex Christoforou and Editor-in-Chief Alexander Mercouris discuss the insurrection taking place at the US Department of Justice, as Democrats, ex-Obama officials, and DOJ directors are doing everything in their power to make sure the truth, about how the FISA warrant to spy on Carter Page was obtained, remains hidden from the eyes of the American public
Do the FBI and law enforcement think people won’t talk about it or speculate as to what happened? Are they for real?
Just contact with a corpse who’s death was because they contracted the plague could sicken a person The country’s health chief Willy Randriamarotia said: “If a person dies of pneumonic plague and is then interred in a tomb that is subsequently opened for a Famadihana, the bacteria can still be transmitted and contaminate whoever handles the body
 President Donald Trump threatened to cut off regional aid in reprisal The caravan has been growing steadily since it left the violent Honduran city of San Pedro Sula on Saturday
In the next paragraph, Murillo wrote that this election result hurt her badly She also admits the election result was a “loss,” another indication that Google’s efforts were clearly attempting to use company resources to elect Democrat Clinton over Republican Trump and influence the results of the election
Who are these bishops that think they can play fast and loose not only with the moral theology of the Catholic Church, but also with the immortal souls of their flock? Is it any wonder that priests and laity alike are changing their attitude on the "gay lifestyle" and violations of the Sixth Commandment when so many bishops are working to remove the stigma attached to this sin that Scripture tells us cries to heaven for vengeance?
J  Adam Skaggs, the chief counsel for the Giffords Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence, said the administration “capitulated in a case it had won at every step of the way
He will then be extradited from London to the USA on charges of espionage Assange is not a whistleblower or a spy – he is the greatest publisher of his age, and has done more to bring the crimes of governments to light than the mainstream media will ever be motivated to achieve
But the system that keeps on protecting him is France Gives Muslim Killer of Elderly Jewish Woman a Pass
S  State Department has remained all but silent on the issue as well, other than to characterize their suspicion as unknown “sonic attacks” targeted U
Do the FBI and law enforcement think people won’t talk about it or speculate as to what happened? Are they for real?
They are doubling down and only after being called on it are they trying to backtrack Rich Penkoski is hardly the first to protest this egregious submission to the most vicious and brutal ideology on the face of the Earth
LAS VEGAS (INTELLIHUB) — The Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation have failed to catalogue at least one deceased victim of the 1 October massacre which reportedly only left 58 people dead The 59th victim, who is currently unnamed by the completely botched investigation and cover-up, was shot and killed in the parking lot of nearby business during the attack
Avenatti’s Freak Show On the eve of a historic Supreme Court confirmation hearing, two more women have materialized out of thin air to accuse President Trump’s high court nominee Brett Kavanaugh of sexual improprieties – bringing the total number of accusers to four
The Guardian’s coverage of Latin America, especially of populist leftwing governments that have rebelled against traditional and oppressive US hegemony in the region, has long grated with analysts and experts Its especial venom has been reserved for leftwing figures like Venezuela’s Hugo Chavez, democratically elected but official enemies of the US, rather than the region’s rightwing authoritarians beloved of Washington
He likes a racist hate group But doesn't believe white people are devils or Jews are satanic
“Of course we will fight, and use ever stronger legal tools The first is our ‘Stop Soros’ law
Last January, parents filed a federal complaint against Chatham Middle School in Chatham, New Jersey, for forcing students to watch videos that proselytized for Islam One video, according to the complaint, describes “Christians and Jews as ‘infidels’ and prais[es] Muhammad in gruesome detail for slaughtering them
With this story, it has done what it regularly does when supposedly vital western foreign policy interests are at stake – it simply regurgitates an elite-serving, western narrative Its job is to shore up a consensus on the left for attacks on leading threats to the existing, neoliberal order: whether they are a platform like Wikileaks promoting whistle-blowing against a corrupt western elite; or a politician like Jeremy Corbyn seeking to break apart the status quo on the rapacious financial industries or Israel-Palestine; or a radical leader like Hugo Chavez who threatened to overturn a damaging and exploitative US dominance of “America’s backyard”; or social media dissidents who have started to chip away at the elite-friendly narratives of corporate media, including the Guardian
Rep  King asked Horowitz about his first encounter with the switch of “extremely careless” for ‘gross negligence,” which violated a criminal statute
A full division can be moved through in only 60 minutes Ever since being soundly beaten in Vietnam and fought to a draw in Afghanistan, the US military has preferred to attack small countries like Panama, Grenada, Somalia, Yemen, Iraq and Syria
” Apparently lost on Francis, given the disordered mélange of bits and pieces of things he has read that constitutes his theology, is the distinction between sin, a culpable act, and temptation, which arises from concupiscence or what Saint Thomas called the fomes, or the fleshly inclination to sin, which grace enables us to control by the rule of reason over the passions But now we are witness to the single worst act of tyranny in the entire history of the papacy
Trump is hurting himself right now, and will have hurt himself more if Kavanaugh is not confirmed And yes, I call it the cut-of-his-jib test quite deliberately
The Dems are using Ford and Ramirez as part of the Democrats’ transparently dishonest delaying tactics because they know that most Republicans have accepted this duplicitous feminist narrative and fear challenging it Especially after the recent spate of sexual assault charges––many of them true, some false, others contested–– politicians consider bucking the narrative to be as politically suicidal as proposing to reform Social Security and Medicare
The Catholic Church's new-found "climate of tolerance" is exactly what McCarrick and company are counting on! It is truly homophobic for any bishop to lie to the gay community about this, and to risk the immortal souls of the sheep merely so that the shepherd might pride himself on occupying the politically correct high ground
“Even if 99 9 percent of the people in the community want it, they need to remember that liberty of conscience is not up for a vote,” he said
Where in our Church are the leaders who can show us the right path? Where are the bishops courageous enough to cut out the cancerous growth of modernist theology that has implanted itself and is festering within the celebration of even the most sacred mysteries, before the cancer spreads and causes even greater damage?
Jeff then describes a scene in which he and his wife were walking through the main lobby when screams and gunfire erupted Keep in mind, this is all information that the police and the FBI has hidden from the American people
In fact, Saris' actions appear to more akin to that of the Mexican kritarch Monica Herranz who aided an illegal alien to escape arrest by ICE when she let that illegal alien leave her courtroom through the exit to her judicial chambers Saris is clearly scheming to help Rombot escape deportation by disappearing into the almost 1 million illegal aliens absconding from Final Orders of Removal
Bishop Eleganti’s support of the profession comes just three days after Bishop Athanasius Schneider, auxiliary of Astana, Kazakstan, invited the world’s bishops to sign the document and join in raising a common voice in defense of the sanctity and the indissolubility of marriage “God decides the time, and the time will come when the Pope and the episcopacy again will proclaim, with all clarity, unambiguity and beauty, the sanctity of marriage, and of the family, and of the Eucharist,” Schneider told LifesiteNews in an exclusive Jan
The Takeaway Recognize what’s happening, the massive censorship of information, coupled with the ridicule or finger pointing, or even arrest of people who choose to voice an opinion in opposition to the rhetoric that’s constantly spewed by mainstream media, which in turn is usually believed by the masses
Common sense does come into play here I ask, did Moses violate God's principle of submission when he was commanded by God, “Go in unto Pharaoh, and tell him, Thus saith the LORD God of the Hebrews, Let my people go, that they may serve me” (Exodus 9:1)
” “I personally know [Farrakhan], I’ve been to his home, done meetings, participated in events with him,” Davis told TheDC “I don’t regard Louis Farrakhan as an aberration or anything, I regard him as an outstanding human being who commands a following of individuals who are learned and articulate and he plays a big role in the lives of thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of people,” he emphasized later
By Jamie Glazov While the Obama administration continues to allow the Muslim Brotherhood to direct American foreign policy and, therefore, to implement “strategies” that render America defenseless in the face of Jihad and stealth Jihad, there are some alternative strategies that have the potential to turn this catastrophic situation around completely in America’s favor
The Kavkaz Center, a website operated by Chechen jihadists, explained in a 2010 article that the idea of Ramadan as a time for warfare against infidels went back to Muhammad’s time: “The month of Ramadan in the life of the Prophet (pbuh) and the righteous ancestors was a month of forthcoming The greatest battles during the lifetime of the Prophet (pbuh) occurred in this blessed month, the month of jihad, zeal and enthusiasm
Rick said he had already contacted the Clark County Sheriff’s Office to relay all the information he knew Although the claims are intriguing, it is important to remember that after virtually every terror attack and mass shooting, friends and neighbors express shock that the culprit would be capable of carrying out such horrors, with some outright denying it to be possible
” What is actually offensive is that Hamid would try in this way to absolve the Muslim community of any responsibility to root out jihad terrorist from its midst
S  attorney Rudolph Giuliani, tweeting that campaign collusion with Russia would be a “phony crime
" Senator Lindsey Graham Unleashes Firestorm At Democrat Senators For "Most Unethical Sham" Since He's Been In Politics
Indeed, both of these are true There are plenty of these people who are simply happy to have a place to live after many were driven from their homes due to the US, Russia and other countries putting their noses where they didn't belong and funding, training and arming Islamic jihadis there
GOA Executive Director Erich Pratt writes: The anti-gun Left is hopping-mad, now that Judge Brett Kavanaugh has been confirmed to the Supreme Court
Such a reading is causing “rampant confusion,” will spread “a plague of divorce” in the Church, and is “alien” to the Church’s entire faith and Tradition, the three bishops said in the profession “This is contrary to Divine Revelation,” Schneider further told LifeSite, adding that the “beautiful explanations” that are being presented to clergy and faithful as “discernment” and “pastoral accompaniment,” or a “change of paradigm” and “discovery of the subjective part of the truth,” when translated into “common sense language,” are tantamount to an allowance to sin
Trump began his remarks by setting out Iran’s long rap sheet of aggression against America Starting with the US embassy seizure and hostage crisis, Trump described Iran’s crimes and acts of war against America in greater detail than any of his predecessors ever did
Whether or not justice involves the resignation of the most wayward Pope in Church history, the inevitable season of justice will culminate in the triumph of the Immaculate Heart of Mary and the Church’s restoration This will be a final victory over the enemies within and their apologists, such as Faggioli, who, in typical neo-Catholic style, imperiously scoffs at the notion of “a young clergy marked by personal sanctity but also by a fascination for a mythical Middle Ages” and busies himself defending an unsalvageable mass of corruption he dares to describe as “a Church-world relationship based on a principle of reality
I mean, after all, Barack Hussein Obama Soetoro Sobarkah is out of office so these things aren't really going on in America, right? Here's the thing, while this is making major news, you should be reminded that for decades, at least 22 verified Islamic jihadi camps have existed on American soil under the watchful, or maybe not so watchful, eye of the FBI, including one in the very country I reside in within eyeshot of a nuclear power plant
” And finally, in a bizarre tweet, Greenwald opined, “I hope the story [maligning Assange] turns out true” – apparently because maintenance of the Guardian’s reputation is more important than Assange’s fate and the right of journalists to dig up embarrassing secrets without fear of being imprisoned
” Given that Kavanaugh has already passed six incredibly intrusive FBI investigations, odds are Ford is lying or suffering from some kind of psychological disorder such as false memory syndrome
“The probability the current Iranian theocracy will stop its nuclear program willingly or even under significant pressure is low,” the plan states “Absent a change in government within Iran, America will face a choice between accepting a nuclear-armed Iran or acting to destroy as much of this capability as possible
This is the atmosphere that Jewish students and supporters of Israel must endure on a daily basis at McGill The toxic environment is due almost exclusively to an active and vocal presence of BDS agitators on campus
” Smith says that “the rules in Florida are f***ed up” and that Florida is a “cracker state,” explaining that the Florida legislature has to become racially black for Gillum’s agenda to advance
Featured in this report is a campaign staffer who works on Andrew Gillum’s gubernatorial campaign Omar Smith, who says he went to college with Gillum, reveals Gillum cannot fulfill his campaign promises even if he wanted to
The American Jewish Historical Society was founded to study and preserve Jewish history These days it’s instead partnering with Jewish Voice for Peace: an anti-Israel BDS hate group that defends anti-Semitism and which sponsored talks by an anti-Semite who accused Jews of drinking blood
00 Buy New $17 99 (as of 03:35 EDT - Details) He’d launched the site months earlier along with an anarchist video manifesto, declaring that gun control would never be the same in an era when anyone can download and print their own firearm with a few clicks
Does anyone really think Iran will be better off if Trump puts a bunch of “former” terrorists in charge of the country? How did that work in Libya?
We are doing just fine!” @Theresa_May, don’t focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom
“There are many potential nominees with a conservative record on abortion, guns, and regulations The only question is will the Senate confirm one who is really bad on the #4thAmendment, when so much is at stake in upcoming digital privacy battles
At the very least, she should be fired for this But then again, as we’ve reported already this week, Amber Guyger is subject to a different set of rules than common citizens, which apparently includes keeping a paycheck after admitting to killing an unarmed, innocent, pillar of society, Botham Jean
But he can’t be happy His minions and bootlickers are promoting Trump for the Nobel Prize – rather ahead of events
“It’s not necessary to agree with everything he says, it’s not necessary to approve of everything he does, but history will judge him as being on the right side of a struggle between good and evil,” Batten continued He then went on to blast the policies of the UK that are truly harming their own people, specifically “widespread, organized, paedophile rape of little girls by organized gangs” while those in authority “brush it under the carpet
How inconvenient that Farrell, Head of this Synod on Youth, roomed with the notorious Cardinal Theodore McCarrick for six years and never knew anything about McCarrick’s predatory behavior How inconvenient that a global homosexual clergy predation scandal is erupting at a time when Francis wants the Synod to minimize that nagging and unmerciful Catholic catechism doctrine of homosexuality as “intrinsically disordered” by exploiting the naive views of the youth at the Synod
This critical time in the history of the Catholic Church demands that the laity step forward to protect the Church, its children and seminarians from predators We must close ranks before another precious child is exploited, a holy seminarian is violated, or another homosexual orgy is covered up at the Vatican
Hadeed said three different signatures from Abid on financial documents did not match, and put a defiant Abid on the witness stand Hadeed: Why do your signatures look different?
That is very important But the change in the Mass destroys the Church
Mr  Horowitz relied in part on opinions from prosecutors that there was not enough evidence to charge Clinton with acting in a manner that rose to a level of criminal gross negligence with respect to sending or receiving e-mails determined to contain classified information
The Oakland mayor’s decision to publicize her suspicions about ICE operations further increased that risk for my officers and alerted criminal aliens — making clear that this reckless decision was based on her political agenda Unlike the politicians who attempt to undermine ICE’s critical mission, our officers will continue to fulfill their sworn duty to protect public safety
 Bush and John McCain celebrated for their denunciations of Trumpism Yet no two people are more responsible for the blunders of the post-Cold War era than McCain and Bush
The moment, it would seem, has come Cardinal Burke, please and in God's Holy Name, we beg you to act now -- before Pope Francis succeeds in tearing the Church in half completely
And the only people who could have promised that kind of insurance are the security and intelligence services – presumably of Britain, the United States and / or Ecuador It appears the Guardian has simply taken this story, provided by spooks, at face value
” Challenged about this tweet much more recently, she doubled down and attacked the man who called attention to the tweet: “Drawing attention to the apartheid Israeli regime is far from hating Jews You are a hateful sad man, I pray to Allah you get the help you need and find happiness
You should learn to call them by their real name, ‘Satan ’ You’re coming face to face with Satan, the Arch Deceiver, the enemy of God, and the enemy of the righteous
In West Virginia, it gets even worse Rich Penkoski has alerted me to the latest development in the forced Islamization of his children’s school curriculum: after the Daily Caller and Geller Report exposed what was happening, Mountain Ridge administrators and teachers began messaging parents who were sharing the story, asking them to remove their posts
“Judge Kavanaugh has denied this allegation and over 60 women – with a broad range of political views – who’ve known him since high school, have sent a letter to the Senate Judiciary Committee vouching for his integrity and respect for women over that time,” says Carrie Severino, chief counsel for the Judicial Crisis Network “This is nothing more than a last-minute attempt at character assassination, and there should no delay in confirming Judge Kavanaugh
But taking an 18-year-old seminarian to bed? Running that story would simply be outing a closeted gay man: an act the liberal press would no doubt consider “homophobic”, as Ross Douthat pointed out
In response, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) has placed razor wire along the fence Locals in Tijuana protested against the arrival of the caravan migrants, as Breitbart News reported, demanding they leave the city
Of course, this sort of behavior is not just limited to members of Congress According to an ex-Secret Service agent, Vice-President Joe Biden was regularly engaged in “Weinstein-level” predatory behavior…
"One day, one of the killer's sisters pushed my sister down the stairs, and the next time she called her a dirty Jew," he described Sarah’s brother said that the killer called Sarah and her daughter, “dirty Jews”
that others hearing may fear and may not dare to do such things Thou shalt not pity him, but shalt require life for life, eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot” (Deut
From God But today the principle, the democratic principle, is that the authority is in the people
Wouldn’t he have been less confrontational than Obama in Syria? Wouldn’t the President be making Putin’s attempts at expanding his influence easier?
Secret Service passes for working White House journalists should never be weaponized While we don’t condone the growing antagonistic tone by both the president and the press at recent media avails, we do support a free press, access and open exchanges for the American people
They’ve also seen an unexpected number of cases of pneumonic plague, which transmits more easily from person to person Historically dubbed the “black death” the bubonic plague has been responsible for several worldwide pandemics in the past
S  secretary of State in 2011, was one of the instigators of the invasion and destruction of Libya as a modern state, with the loss of 40,000 lives
” — CNN Communications (@CNNPR) November 16, 2018 More like a strong, lying, propagandizing press, right CNN?
Trump potentially has the ability to nominate 3 Supreme Court justices during his presidency, thus shaping the laws and morals of this country for about the next 30 years Personally, I trust very, very few politicians no matter the party that they claim
Well played, Cardinal Wuerl! So, let me get this straight (I know, lots of luck with that one): These are the people that are going to "accompany us" and our children in the "synodal Church" with its new orientation, overseen by a "God of Surprises" who is uber-merciful and doesn't judge, and headed up by a pope who, according to Father Thomas Rosica, "breaks Catholic traditions whenever he wants, because he is 'free from disordered attachments'?''
" In speaking of the influx of Muslim migrants into Europe, Orban sees it as destroying the culture of Europe and referred to it as an “immigrant zone, a mixed population world that heads in a direction different from ours
” Wills’ book accords well with the present-day Catholic Church’s head-in-the-sand posture toward Qur’an-based Islamic jihad violence and the Muslim persecution of the ancient Christian communities of the Middle East It isn’t remotely accurate, but it feels good, and for the Catholic and Leftist establishment today, that seems to be all that matters
[Emphasis added] “People don’t flee their country and go through the arduous trip on foot unless the situation is desperate,” said Gilbert Saucedo, a Los Angeles lawyer who helped organize the volunteers through the National Lawyers Guild
It's time for the #BDStears crowd to examine their entitlement and recognize that what's good for the goose is good for the gander Either that or they can go whine to the New York Times some more because the Jewish community won't let them burn crosses on their lawn
Do you want to stop this from happening? It isn’t going to stop until we boot out the corrupt career politicians that are engaging in this type of behavior
Article posted with permission from Sons Of Liberty Media Sodom and Gomorrah was Judged by God Because Men Refused to Keep His Commandments in Dealing with the Wicked!
The accuser doesn’t get to determine when and who investigates In no circumstance in the country does that happen
Proving a negative is nearly impossible Adding insult to injury, the bill even authorizes local law enforcement to charge the gun owner a storage fee for confiscating and storing his guns
In "Amoris Laetitia," your guidance at times seems intentionally ambiguous, thus inviting both a traditional interpretation of Catholic teaching on marriage and divorce as well as one that might imply a change in that teaching… To teach with such a seemingly intentional lack of clarity inevitably risks sinning against the Holy Spirit, the Spirit of truth
Murdering infidels thus doesn’t contradict the spirit of Ramadan; it embodies it The Kavkaz Center, a website operated by Chechen jihadists, explained in a 2010 article that the idea of Ramadan as a time for warfare against infidels went back to Muhammad’s time: “The month of Ramadan in the life of the Prophet (pbuh) and the righteous ancestors was a month of forthcoming
” Representatives work for us, we do not work for them
Authorities are also investigating whether or not Kazi was suffering from any mental health issues Here again, this is just more of the general refusal to acknowledge the 800-pound gorilla sitting in the living room and screaming “Allahu akbar
One of the most glaring instances showing her privilege was the fact that the Texas Rangers said in their report that Jean refused to obey Guyger’s “verbal commands ” Had anyone else but a cop walked into an apartment and killed an innocent man, do you believe that investigators would have said anything like this?
In fact, Saris' actions appear to more akin to that of the Mexican kritarch Monica Herranz who aided an illegal alien to escape arrest by ICE when she let that illegal alien leave her courtroom through the exit to her judicial chambers Saris is clearly scheming to help Rombot escape deportation by disappearing into the almost 1 million illegal aliens absconding from Final Orders of Removal
Linda Sarsour's Mentor, The WTC Bombing & A School Shooting Plot In New Mexico When the left made Linda Sarsour into its role model, it climbed into bed with the worst of the worst
You should learn to call them by their real name, ‘Satan ’ You’re coming face to face with Satan, the Arch Deceiver, the enemy of God, and the enemy of the righteous
I do not know I do not know
The Left’s Show Trial for Kavanaugh Two more women accusing Judge Brett Kavanaugh of dubious improprieties materialized out of thin air late Sunday, throwing Senate Republicans’ hope of finally confirming the Supreme Court nominee this week even more into doubt
54 Affiliation is a particular form of help that the Holy See establishes in particular situations in favor of the community of a monastery sui juris which has only an asserted autonomy, but in reality, very precarious or, in fact, non-existent 55 Affiliation is configured as a juridical support that must assess whether the inability to manage the life of the autonomous monastery in all its dimensions is only temporary or is irreversible, helping the community of the affiliated monastery to overcome difficulties or to put in place what is necessary to bring about the suppression of this monastery
The Pope lamented the fact that in recent years the Middle East has been “covered by dark clouds of war, violence and destruction, instances of occupation and varieties of fundamentalism, forced migration and neglect ” And he deplored the fact that “all this has taken place amid the complicit silence of many
4 grams of pot—less than half an ounce Police also said they found two fired cartridge casings, a police backpack and vest, and a metal marijuana grinder—the horror
I demand the highest standards, and where they are not met, I take action,” Sessions added “However, no nation has a more talented, more dedicated group of law enforcement investigators and prosecutors than the United States
To take one of innumerable examples, Sharaf ad-Din Ali Yazdi, a fifteenth-century Persian who wrote a biography of the Mongol Muslim warrior Tamerlane, observed that “the Qur’an says the highest dignity man can attain is that of making war in person against the enemies of his religion Muhammad advises the same thing, according to the tradition of the Muslim doctors: wherefore the great Temur always strove to exterminate the infidels, as much to acquire that glory, as to signalise himself by the greatness of his conquests
This is a fact This public servant walked into an innocent man’s home and shot him dead
The Dictator Pope must destroy his most potent critic thus far Everything depends on it!
” “From day one this case was used as a means to foment hate, to foment division and to foment a program of mass deportation,” added defense attorney Francisco Ugarte
Trump is wrong on Iran He is in Israel’s hands, hoping that the power of the Israel Lobby can shield him from the presstitutes and the military/security complex
 and Europe keep silent about Muslim persecution of Christians, and enforce that silence upon others Robert McManus, Roman Catholic Bishop of Worcester, Massachusetts, said it on February 8, 2013 as he was suppressing a planned talk at a Catholic conference on that persecution: “Talk about extreme, militant Islamists and the atrocities that they have perpetrated globally might undercut the positive achievements that we Catholics have attained in our inter-religious dialogue with devout Muslims
It goes without saying that this retraction and surrender by Facebook occurred only because of the wide publicity that Jamie's banning had received And we are immensely grateful for all the massive support that was given to us across the Internet, including especially from Breitbart, PJMedia, WorldNetDaily and Thomas Lifson at American Thinker
"Kuwaiti Cleric Sheikh Jihad Al-‘Ayesh Denies the Holocaust and the Existence of Gas Chambers: How Big a Bakery Would You Need to Make 50,000 Loaves of Bread?,” MEMRI, May 26, 2018: Kuwaiti cleric Sheikh Jihad Al-‘Ayesh delivered a speech in which he said that the figure of six million Jews killed in the Holocaust was a “historical lie,” but that Hitler “knew the truth about the Jews” and therefore began “tormenting and persecuting them
Islamic groups in the West issue pro-forma condemnations after every jihad terror attack, but are doing little or nothing to try to prevent the next one There is still no mosque or Islamic school in the United States that teaches young Muslims why they should reject the understanding of Islam taught by al-Qaeda, ISIS, and other jihad terror groups
Despite cops rallying behind the blue line to defend this killer cop, the rest of the country is not buying it In a damning tweet, writer Kashana Cauley summed up the nature of the smear campaign quite succinctly
Then he says it’s “ugly” to accuse others of sinning Then he suggests that healing and reconciliation will only come if we take a hard look at our own flaws…
 19 right at the cutoff for Georgia counties to certify election results, Abrams delivered a speech in which she said, “I acknowledge that former Secretary of State Brian Kemp will be certified as the victor in the 2018 gubernatorial election ” However, Abrams said Kemp had relied on “suppression of the people’s democratic right to vote” that was “deliberate and intentional
6 billion in funding beyond the Trump administration’s request last week for $29 billion from Congress for relief efforts “Puerto Rico has experienced a natural disaster of a magnitude not seen in over a century, and we are doing everything possible to address the needs of the American citizens of Puerto Rico during this time of crisis,” Rosselló wrote
Why would President Trump go back to there? Needless to say, the Never Trumpers are
Of course this would be of little interest to secular journalists, who have paid no mind to his habit of rewriting Catholicism, but the sex abuse crisis is something secular journalists are very interested in, a fact Bergoglio seems not to have understood It is now irrefutable that Pope Bergoglio is a habitual liar – that in fact truth, like reality, seems to mean nothing to him except as a tool
© AFP Cardinal O'Malley (centre) accompanied the Pope in Latin America "Our story is well known and there's no point reminding you of it, except to tell you of the horror of having experienced this abuse and how I wanted to kill myself
New Footage From Las Vegas Massacre Reveals Possible Muzzle Flashes From Helicopters That May Have Conducted “Air Assault” Does this new footage reveal muzzle flashes from helicopters, an air assault, on the night of the massacre?
And we have a strategic interest in not losing Turkey as an ally But this calls for active diplomacy, not military action
Only hours after Viganò’s sworn testimony appeared online, the professional Catholic dissident Sean Michael Winters, writing for National Catholic Reporter, smeared the former Apostolic Nuncio to the United States, who holds doctorates in both civil and canon law, as “a trafficker in conspiracy theories who mixes fact, fiction and venom,” “more than a little obsessed with homosexuality”—like Oliver Stone, who “was obsessed with the grassy knoll”—“a disgruntled former employee” and “always a crackpot ” Without addressing the merits, Winters dismissed Archbishop Viganò’s “wild claims” about bishops who are “subverting Catholic doctrine on homosexuality” and accused the Archbishop, along with unnamed other bishops and archbishops, of “speak[ing] about gay people with such hatred…”
Trump undid the Iran deal, which Russia favored, while Obama worked with Russia in order to do the Iran deal So this idea that Trump is some kind of a puppet of Putin, that he controls him with blackmail, is the kind of stuff that you believe if you read too many
I call them Vichy journalists — after the Vichy government that served and enabled the German occupation of wartime France Last October, the Australian Broadcasting Corporation journalist Sarah Ferguson interviewed Hillary Clinton, over whom she fawned as “the icon for your generation”
According to Breitbart, in the mother’s post on Facebook, which has since been taken down, Patricia Spittler asks for help in identifying the man she called “scum bag of the year ” The San Antonio CBS affiliate reported that Spittler wrote: “His friend was wearing a patriotic hat, and this happened!
In a policy one could call ‘eat sand and die,’ Trump demanded that Iran not only give up any and all nuclear capacity (Iran has no nukes), but also junk its non-nuclear armed medium range missiles, stop backing the Palestinians, Hezbollah in Lebanon and the Houthis in Yemen, roll over and be good, don’t do anything to upset Israel, and pull out of Syria In short, a total surrender policy leading to future regime change
Wills doesn’t mention the existence of such interpretations, even to dismiss them Likewise, when he claims that the Qur’an has “not a thing” to say about Sharia, he appears unaware that the Qur’an is one of the sources of Sharia
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use "This country is being ripped apart here, and we've got to make sure we do due diligence," Flake said
We will not be intimidated And we tell the governments, we are not afraid of you
[…] The Karadima scandal dominated Francis’ visit to Chile and the overall issue of sex abuse and church cover-up was likely to factor into his three-day trip to Peru that began late Thursday Karadima’s victims reported to church authorities as early as 2002 that he would kiss and fondle them in the swank Santiago parish he ran, but officials refused to believe them
Hogan was a Bush appointee who respected the law Aiken was a Dem fundraiser, her husband was the chair of the Oregon Dem party, appointed by Bill Clinton
Trump's threats to politely walk out of the meeting if his expectations were unmet did not materialize Instead he predicted he could "solve a big problem, a big dilemma" alongside his new partner
S “The heart-wrenching pain of these victims, which cries out to heaven, was long ignored, kept quiet or silenced,” Francis said in a Letter to the People of God, a rarely-issued address to the world’s 1
” Theresa May’s relentlessly appeasement-minded government also admitted two jihad preachers who had praised the murderer of a foe of Pakistan’s blasphemy laws
”) The length of the Mueller-McGahn sessions led Trump to the conclusion the special counsel is “looking for trouble” because they “they know there is no Russian Collusion
Why do the Russian Atlanticist Integrationists want to join an unfree Western world? Are they that brainwashed by Western Propaganda?
“This operation reflects ICE’s commitment to public safety through targeted enforcement efforts,” said Rebecca Adducci, field office director for ERO Detroit “I applaud the brave men and women of ICE who put themselves in harm’s way daily to keep our community safe
” The IG also found that the FBI moved slowly on new evidence that could have damned Hillary Clinton, and did so for reasons that make no sense
That is exactly what a growing number of Catholics are now doing, as even the secular press recognized less than three months before Bergoglio began his tyrannical reign In this respect, what the neo-Catholics are defending at bottom is themselves—that is, the reputations they have all staked on their defense of the indefensible against the traditionalists they have arrogantly mocked and marginalized for decades only to see, to their horror, that traditionalism is ever more vindicated as the scandals of the Novus Ordo mount under this reckless Pope to an unsustainable, indeed apocalyptic, level
Iran has dismissed as "lies" and "ridiculous" the charge that it sent the drone into Israeli airspace If Tehran did, it would be an act of monumental stupidity
Mike Pompeo, Director of the CIA, will become our new Secretary of State He will do a fantastic job!
” He’s right, there is no specific collusion statute But legal experts say anyone in Trump’s orbit would be charged with conspiracy, making false statements to federal investigators or obstructing justice
One might expect that after the Incarnation, when God became man and replaced the Old Testament’s law of talion based on strict justice with a new dispensation based on love and grace, the death penalty could be safely abolished as outmoded Converts to the prevailing conciliar religion and its “New Pentecost” would in fact argue in this wise, perhaps citing the Council’s famous declaration in Gaudium et Spes that, “Thanks to the experience of past ages 
Nope, that arrogant wanna-be first female governor of Georgia simply would not bow out gracefully “To watch an elected official who claims to represent the people in this state baldly pin his hopes for election on the suppression of the people’s democratic right to vote has been truly appalling,” Abrams said
Bush-Boehner Republicanism appears to be as dead today as was Harding-Coolidge Republicanism after 1933 And if Trumpism is not the future of the GOP, it is hard to see what a promising GOP agenda might look like
As Michel Martin pointed out in an article in Rome et d’Ailleurs for September-October 1983, “The truth is that the problem of the death penalty is insoluble except from a Christian point of view ” That it figured so prominently in Christian societies is due to the fact that, in the order of charity, atonement to God was sought above any atonement due to man, and the spiritual welfare of citizens above their physical well-being
Ford has finally agreed to testify, set for Thursday for now But it’s unclear whether Grassley has granted Ford any of her preposterous conditions for testifying: She will take questions from the Committee, but not from outside lawyers, who might not be as gentle as politicians with one eye on the polls
Kavanaugh then allegedly covered the woman’s mouth with his hand and attempted to force himself on her, but she says she managed to free herself and bolt out of the room Kavanaugh, 53, vehemently denied the woman’s allegations
Tlaib is a vociferous foe of Israel With the Democrats now regaining control of the House, Tlaib is likely to be an energetic proponent of the new majority’s vendetta against the Middle East’s only democracy
Orban has taken a tough stance in Hungary He has ordered all illegal Muslim invaders to get out of Hungary and never come back
” While there are numerous curious nuances in the plan, presented below in its entirety, the one section that caught our – and Wikileaks’ attention – is the following which implicitly suggests Google planned the creation of a voter tracking database, using smart phones: Guilty as Sin: Uncover
You cannot go to that Mass That is sacrilege
On June 14, 2016 Powell participated in a Summit known as the United State of Women(USW), which meshed nicely with her pet project USW was also rife with angry left-wing Democrats seeking to get Hillary Clinton elected in 2016
It was repulsive display leftist-fascist bigotry at its worst The bigoted BDS provocateurs applauded as Lew and the other two board members were removed from their posts
Even today, there is little value in insuring the survival of our nation if our traditions do not survive with it And there is very grave danger that an announced need for increased security will be seized upon by those anxious to expand its meaning to the very limits of official censorship and concealment
The Best of Chuck Baldwin Has Trump Opened the Door?
” ICE officials eventually caught 232 illegal immigrants, many of them criminals, in the four-day sweep but said that hundreds more escaped because of Schaaf’s warning
The White House demanded a final up and down vote on Tuesday; by Wednesday, he was saying that the nomination would die if Kavanaugh didn’t do well before the Judiciary Committee on Thursday The sum of all this has been, as in many other episodes, that Trump and his White House are a gang that can’t shoot straight and that he’s eager to blame his allies and lash out at his enemies in ugly ways when things go wrong
Ray said the top three reasons that parents choose homeschooling are a desire to provide religious instruction or different values than those offered in public schools; dissatisfaction with the academic curriculum, and worries about the school environment Since teachers are not allowed to arm themselves to defend their students against the violence often perpetrated at schools simply because they are gun free zones, homeschooling takes care of that problem
IN MAY 2013, the Washington Post’s Greg Miller reported that the head of the CIA’s clandestine service was being shifted out of that position as a result of “a management shake-up” by then-Director John Brennan As Miller documented, this official — whom the paper did not name because she was a covert agent at the time — was centrally involved in the worst abuses of the CIA’s Bush-era torture regime
According to the Tagespost report, Cardinal Müller said in his address that he regrets the separation of the Church's doctrinal and moral teaching and called Christianity a “theocentric humanism ” He said the “submissive change of the Church into a NGO for the embetterment of the this-worldly life conditions” is a “suicidal modernization” that denies mankind the Truth of God
Are these really the values the US should be promoting? The CIA might as well start issuing uniforms decorated with skulls and lightning bolts
To take one of innumerable examples, Sharaf ad-Din Ali Yazdi, a fifteenth-century Persian who wrote a biography of the Mongol Muslim warrior Tamerlane, observed that “the Qur’an says the highest dignity man can attain is that of making war in person against the enemies of his religion Muhammad advises the same thing, according to the tradition of the Muslim doctors: wherefore the great Temur always strove to exterminate the infidels, as much to acquire that glory, as to signalise himself by the greatness of his conquests
A Suppression of Conscience One might ask, is “unseemly sycophancy” at work among the media?
” Smith also stated that the campaign has “to appeal to white guilt
Whether or not justice involves the resignation of the most wayward Pope in Church history, the inevitable season of justice will culminate in the triumph of the Immaculate Heart of Mary and the Church’s restoration This will be a final victory over the enemies within and their apologists, such as Faggioli, who, in typical neo-Catholic style, imperiously scoffs at the notion of “a young clergy marked by personal sanctity but also by a fascination for a mythical Middle Ages” and busies himself defending an unsalvageable mass of corruption he dares to describe as “a Church-world relationship based on a principle of reality
At one point, Acosta refused to relinquish the microphone to a White House aide who tried to retrieve it from him It was the latest in a series of public confrontations between Acosta and Trump, who has repeatedly characterized CNN’s critical coverage of him as “fake news” since the 2016 presidential campaign
” In June 2016, Zakkout clicked ‘like’ under someone else’s Facebook posting (on Zakkout’s personal Facebook page) of a grotesque cartoon containing a worried-looking religious Jew hiding behind an animated tree with a bearded man brandishing a rifle coming towards them
There is no institution in America, government or private, that can be trusted Any government or person who trusts America or any Western country is stupid beyond belief
 banks to facilitate the conversion, the report said, but both refused, citing the reputational risk of doing business with or for Iran That's how bad Obama was on Iran
The McCarrick scandal created an earthquake in the Catholic Church with aftershocks that will last for years The timing is eerily propitious and providential based on the 5 year deadline
” May these difficult days be days of great grace for this local Church REMNANT COMMENT: While we certainly appreciate His Excellency's candid explanation of what he knew and did not know about this horrific scandal in the Church, we would also humbly beg him to take it one step further by publicly proclaiming his profession of belief in the Church's official teaching against the mortal sin of homosexual acts and the so-called "gay lifestyle," which includes her long-held teaching that homosexual activity between clerics is an ecclesiastical crime
She was not done there In the next paragraph, Murillo wrote that this election result hurt her badly
C , February 12, 2018 (LifeSiteNews) – Those familiar with Jorge Bergoglio in Argentina before he became Pope Francis say it is a “classic” move of his to provide “mercy” to clergy who are sexual predators while asking everybody else to simply “move on,” said attorney and child advocate Elizabeth Yore on an EWTN show last week
Like the invasion of Iraq, it was based on lies When the Libyan President was murdered publicly and gruesomely with a knife, Clinton was filmed whooping and cheering
It is notable that these remarks preceded Trump’s discussion of the nuclear deal – which was the ostensible subject of his speech Before Trump discussed Iran’s breaches of the nuclear deal, he first demonstrated that contrary to the expressed views of his top advisers, it is impossible to limit a realistic discussion of the threat Iran constitutes to US national security and interests to whether or not and it what manner it is breaching the nuclear accord
“And yet instead of opposing Islamisation, our government is submitting and surrendering to it They have betrayed the British people
The RCBs and crews manning them were returned some 16 hours later but not before the Iranians stole two satellite phone sim cards, likely containing classified information, as well as thousands of pages of information downloaded from laptops, GPS devices and maps used by the sailors Ironically, the seizure occurred on the very day that Obama was to give his State of the Union address but predictably, he didn’t think that the seizure of Americans was important enough to note
They can write all big and bad but when it comes to what someone else should do However, when it is time for them to put boots on the ground, they are simply missing in action (MIA)
” The president, who has repeatedly claimed that the Mueller investigation is “illegal” and a “WITCH HUNT” driven by angry liberals, made clear to reporters at the White House earlier this week that the coming report was, of course, weighing on him
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use And no call to restore the caliphate would be complete without a swipe at the Jews, whom the Qur’an designates (5:82) the worst enemies of the Muslims
But the real irony here is that the media labeled Paul Joseph Watson and Infowars as "conspiracy theorists" and yet, PJW has exposed their blatant conspiracy to smear President Trump, Sarah Sanders and the White House aide And Jim Acosta believes he and CNN deal with facts and Infowars doesn't
I was in London recently and I couldn’t see him, although I spoke to people who had seen him Rafael Correa, the former president of Ecuador, said recently that he regarded what they are doing to Julian now as torture
3% reduction ADVANTAGE IMMIGRANTS
The Mueller circus cost the taxpayers millions But it made the media ten times that more
Keeping quiet has allowed the great atrocities of histories to take place If Julian is allowed to be spirited away to some super-max hellhole, it will be a great atrocity
Not only were Trump’s comments imbecilic, he is wholly in the pocket of Putin Republican Patriots: Where are you??
For example, he quotes 5:51 -- “You who believe, do not take the Jews and Christians as allies” (p  114) -- but he nonetheless concludes, after ten pages of tu quoque arguments and other legerdemain, that “the Qur’an is fraternal in its treatment of other faiths” (p
The agency’s acting director, Thomas Homan, told “Fox & Friends” Wednesday morning that the DOJ is “reviewing” whether Schaaf broke any laws by telling her constituents ICE would be raiding the area in order to arrest people violating federal immigration laws Schaaf, a Democrat, posted the warning to Twitter Saturday, writing that “multiple credible sources” told her the immigration agency was “preparing to conduct an operation in the Bay Area, including Oakland, starting as soon as” Sunday
” Lew and other board members passionately advocated in favor of ratification and their arguments ultimately prevailed over the naysayers The malevolent BDS campaign at McGill had belatedly come to an ignominious end; or so we thought
Defeated Georgia gubernatorial candidate Stacey Abrams finally ended her challenges on Friday and ended her challenges against Republican opponent Brian Kemp However, in the same breath that she ended the challenges, she also declared she would be filing a federal lawsuit over what she called "gross mismanagement" of elections
Well, I refused, because I refuse to contribute to the destruction of the Church Because now they are destroying the Church
Our New Muslim Representatives As expected, two Muslim women, Rashida Tlaib in Michigan and Ilhan Omar in Minnesota, have been overwhelmingly elected to Congress
And the matter didn’t end in 2010 Emails published in Chile in 2015 showed that Cardinal Errázuriz also blocked the appointment of Juan Carlos Cruz from the new child protection commission – a group plagued by such scandals and eventually ignored to death by Francis
Based on deception of the FISA Court, warrants were illegally obtained that became the basis for appointing Mueller as a special prosecutor to construct by whatever means possible a case against President Trump After two years the only evidence we have of Russiagate is that it is a conspiracy against President Trump and the American people
 Comey for his actions during the Hillary Clinton email investigation and found that other senior bureau officials showed a “willingness to take official action” to prevent Donald Trump from becoming president… Some senior bureau officials, the report found, exhibited a disturbing “willingness to take official action” to hurt Trump’s chances to become president Perhaps the most damaging new revelation in the report is a previously-unreported text message in which Peter Strzok, a key investigator on both the Clinton email case and the investigation of Russia and the Trump campaign, assured an FBI lawyer in August 2016 that “we’ll stop” Trump from making it to the White House
" Senator Lindsey Graham Unleashes Firestorm At Democrat Senators For "Most Unethical Sham" Since He's Been In Politics
” “Pope Francis fully recognizes the egregious failures of the Church and its clergy who abused children and the devastating impact those crimes have had on survivors and their loved ones,” O’Malley said
” Indoctrination means to teach a person to accept a belief uncritically
And we know in France, in Germany, and in Europe generally, that all of the young bishops are worse [than the bishops in Spain] in that they are more or less Marxist That is a fact
“This is also sexual exploitation of children in a grooming gang, a predator priest This is why it is so heinous
Cruz described how the abuse was witnessed and covered up by Juan Barros, a priest whose appointment as a bishop in 2015 prompted huge protests in Chile The pope has stuck by Barros, dismissing the protesters as “lefties” and hugging Barros publicly during his visit to Chile last month
How are they to maintain themselves? These are the priests who did make it through this institutional gauntlet, who remain faithful now but are still under the control of these often grossly corrupt and evil men
The Pope couldn’t resist an anti-Semitic shot at Israeli “occupation,” but he also seemed to denounce Islamic jihad activity, saying: “So many conflicts have been stoked too by forms of fundamentalism and fanaticism that, under the guise of religion, have profaned God’s name – which is peace – and persecuted age-old neighbors ” He decried the “thirst for profit that surreptitiously exploits oil and gas fields without regard for our common home, with no scruples about the fact that the energy market now dictates the law of coexistence among peoples!”
Appearing on Fox News Tucker Carlson Tonight, Perry described evidence he had personally seen that suggested that some sort of terrorist infiltration aided the Las Vegas Massacre One can imagine that said terrorists either helped Paddock or were actually some of the many other shooters reported that night
Remind me again: What exactly has Vatican II and the last fifty years of aggiornamento given us? Because I can't seem to think of a darn thing, apart from heretical homilies, sodomitical clergy and an increasingly lavender liturgy
If the Ramadan imperative is to become more devout, the Muslim who applies himself diligently to the Ramadan observance will simultaneously become more both merciful to his fellow Muslims and more severe against the unbelievers Murdering infidels thus doesn’t contradict the spirit of Ramadan; it embodies it
" They are being exposed for who they are and they do not like it
Early symptoms include fever, chills, headache, and myalgia (muscle pain) Several hundred people have been exposed to the virus as officials worry this outbreak could spread rapidly into regions already devastated by the ongoing black death outbreak
Another excuse used by the Obama government was to bring them here to find their families already in the US Thus, the idea that separating children from their parents as being something new, done only by the Trump Administration is absurd, since we really have no idea whether the children brought here during the Obama reign were intentionally separated from their parents by the US government at that time, or not
The president slammed Avenatti “Avenatti is a third rate lawyer who is good at making false accusations, like he did on me and like he is now doing on Judge Brett Kavanaugh[,]” Trump wrote on Twitter
But in the instant case, McGill’s BDS campaigners dispensed with their traditional charade and overtly launched their attack against Jews The vitriolic BDS campaign immediately sparked outrage among watchdog groups and politicians prompting McGill principal, Suzanne Fortier, to announce that the school would be conducting an investigation into the matter
” “I personally know [Farrakhan], I’ve been to his home, done meetings, participated in events with him,” Davis told TheDC “I don’t regard Louis Farrakhan as an aberration or anything, I regard him as an outstanding human being who commands a following of individuals who are learned and articulate and he plays a big role in the lives of thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of people,” he emphasized later
S  Military and CLOSE OUR SOUTHERN BORDER!” Trump wrote of the caravan in a series of tweets on Twitter
Then they will claim that the newly elected senators should be involved in the confirmation decision In the meantime, Judge Kavanaugh’s adversaries in the Senate, the mainstream media and progressive circles continue to bludgeon Judge Kavanaugh in the court of public opinion
” Although they did become so bad that The New York Times in a later edition changed its front page headline to say that Israel was actually killing people A rare moment, indeed, when the immunity, the collusion was interrupted
” – Einstein All of these media sources were operating normally until Donald Trump became president, and until Hillary Clinton, Obama, Bush, etc were outed as global elite puppets
Neither Manafort nor these “Russians” are in the visitor logs … What possible motive would the Ecuadorean government have for facilitating secret unrecorded visits by Paul Manafort? Furthermore it is impossible that the intelligence agency – who were in charge of the security – would not know the identity of these alleged “Russians”
Nothing! And what of the training of little jihadis?
The NHS in the UK has actually gone to court, and won, declaring that they must retain the right to kill patients who fail the Bioethics test The result has been a quiet reign of terror in which elderly and disabled people have started carrying cards stating in legalese that they do not want to be killed by their doctors
Farrell, yet another promoter of Martin’s homosexual activism, arranged for Martin to “welcome ‘gay’ families” at the “World Meeting of Families” in Dublin from which Bergoglio has just returned Finally, there is the appointment of the “pro-gay” Robert McElroy as Bishop of San Diego, concerning which Viganò reveals: “The appointment of McElroy in San Diego was also orchestrated from above, with an encrypted peremptory order to me as Nuncio, by Cardinal Parolin: ‘Reserve the See of San Diego for McElroy
Trump, by declaring normalization of relations as one of his two principal goals for his presidency, earned the emnity of the powerful military/security complex By defeating Hillary for the presidency, Trump inflamed the US media’s hatred, committed as the presstitutes are to Identity Politics and hatred of the “white male oppressors” who elected Trump
Now that President Trump is trying to clean up the mess Obama and Kerry left him, Kerry has the gall to label President Trump’s decision a "reckless abandonment of facts in favor of ego and ideology" and to accuse the Trump administration of “lying to the American people ” It was the Obama administration that recklessly abandoned the facts in pressing ahead with the deal
What we have here are historical errors First of all, the figure of six million is a historical lie
“Marx does not even mention that homosexuality always contradicts the Will of God,” citing church teaching through the centuries Rather than being about receiving “God’s assistance for themselves,” those engaging in sodomy and wishing to have it “blessed” by the Church “aim with their request at the recognition and acceptance of their homosexual way of life and its ecclesial valorization
year-over-year, in March and April, respectively It’s hard to believe with the evaporation of the Trump Effect, but less than six months ago we were seeing to year-over-year declines in the immigrant workforce population
In a series of tweets on Thursday, President Trump said the right things I am watching the Democrat Party led (because they want Open Borders and existing weak laws) assault on our country by Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador, whose leaders are doing little to stop this large flow of people, INCLUDING MANY CRIMINALS, from entering Mexico to U
With What the Qur’an Meant: And Why It Matters, religion author Garry Wills is here to reassure us: What did the scripture of Islam tell me about the duty to kill infidels?
[…] To bless always means that something shall flourish, because only then when there is a blessing upon a cause or a project, will something good come out of it
However, Dr Toby Heys told the New Scientist in 2017 that an infrasound attack wouldn't be "very covert" as a "large array of subwoofers" would be needed Image: The US recalled non-essential embassy staff from Havana, Cuba, after potential sonic attacks in 2017
S  officials permitted him to return home with a Red wife, without even one grand-jury summons or even an iota of harassment
We have no doubt, of course, that no “mistake” had actually occurred in this matter and that the ban has only been lifted because of the publicity that we engaged in -- and received While it is a positive development that Facebook has lifted the ban on Jamie (for now), this story is crucial to amplify now more than ever, seeing that Facebook, and all of leftist-run social media, is, at this moment, clearly accelerating its totalitarian attack on the free speech of conservatives
Precious few But we can certainly think of many, many who spent their lives and vocations blatantly denying and undermining the Catholic Faith – academic theologians, religious, priests, bishops and cardinals around the world – with never a peep of protest from Rome
They lost many lower court rulings Gun-control advocates believe that the government "capitulated" too soon
He has now been flown back to the US for assessment, according to reports The state department has issued a health alert to its staff in China, which states: "While in China, if you experience any unusual acute auditory or sensory phenomena accompanied by unusual sounds or piercing noises, do not attempt to locate their source
‘Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now,’ the president tweeted ‘Bob Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 Angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to USA!’
“This shared employee continued ” It’s unclear why that request was not granted or why it was a request rather than an order
More than 100 Russian individuals and companies have been sanctioned for a variety of reasons Despite the hysteria of the left, it is impossible to see the Trump administration as anything but firm in its dealing with Russia
Before it was the high IQ Dutch, now it's the Chinese Remember, an 87 IQ is just about retarded
The upcoming Synod and its embrace of the “LGBT” lifestyle makes a mockery of the suffering of the clergy victims and justifies the decades-old scandal Be forewarned that inviting young people from ages 16-29 to the Synod to discuss vocations with Bishops poses serious moral and physical dangers to these unsuspecting youth, many of whom think homosexuality is cool
The Guardian’s coverage of Latin America, especially of populist leftwing governments that have rebelled against traditional and oppressive US hegemony in the region, has long grated with analysts and experts Its especial venom has been reserved for leftwing figures like Venezuela’s Hugo Chavez, democratically elected but official enemies of the US, rather than the region’s rightwing authoritarians beloved of Washington
” The third page of the email begins with another headline and image of a Latina woman in a red Make America Great Again hat and “Latinos for Trump” sign
Not only does it destroy the autonomy of the Monasteries, something Our Holy Mother St  Teresa was extremely insistent about, but it also removes the Superior, dissolves her authority and power, removes the financial independence of each Monastery, and destroys the specificity of each charism
That should be big news It’s essentially an admission of guilt, given that it is absolutely ludicrous to think that “national security” would be threatened by the release of the CIA’s long-secret JFK-assassination-related records
” Before her arrest, Winner called Trump an “orange fascist” on Twitter
Paul contends that the Trump nominations directly contradict promises the president made on the campaign trail “I’m perplexed by the nomination of people who love the Iraq War so much that they would advocate for a war with Iran next
Dennis Bernstein spoke with John Pilger, a close friend and supporter of Assange on May 29 The interview began with the statement Bernstein delivered for Pilger at the Left Forum last weekend in New York on a panel devoted to Assange entitled, “Russia-gate and WikiLeaks”
S  government [and] the mockery it made out of the Constitution and all of the wrongdoing that was done by various officials within the Department of Justice, the FBI and the DNC [Democratic National Committee]
has been the mantra of the neo-Catholic establishment for nearly half a century of ecclesial auto-demolition But wait, there’s more!
Republicans still don’t get that no amount of appeasement will stop the left from demonizing them anyway Just ask Boy Scout Mitt Romney, who was savaged for his innocuous “binders full of women
USA Today reported on the ruling: WASHINGTON – A federal judge on Friday ordered the White House to restore CNN reporter Jim Acosta’s press badge, which had been revoked earlier this month after a contentious exchange at a news conference with President Donald Trump
Assange does not ask for special treatment The government has clear diplomatic and moral obligations to protect Australian citizens abroad from gross injustice: in Julian’s case, from a gross miscarriage of justice and the extreme danger that await him should he walk out of the Ecuadorean embassy in London unprotected
Ford has finally agreed to testify, set for Thursday for now But it’s unclear whether Grassley has granted Ford any of her preposterous conditions for testifying: She will take questions from the Committee, but not from outside lawyers, who might not be as gentle as politicians with one eye on the polls
Grant? Blind to corruption and out of his depth, but there have been worse than he as well
The allegations in that trial, which began Tuesday, are related to Manafort’s financial dealings long before he was involved in the 2016 election cycle But firing Mueller would likely send a signal to Democrats that the White House is worried about potential blowback from a Manafort conviction just three months before the congressional midterm elections
The Trump administration is taking real actions designed to weaken Russia and force Putin to change his aggressive behavior The Trump administration has levied tough sanctions on Russia
The report also faulted the bureau for assigning essentially the same personnel to the Russia and Clinton teams, and singled out Strzok, suggesting his anti-Trump views might have played a role in his not acting more expeditiously on the new lead “Under these circumstances, we did not have confidence that Strzok’s decision to prioritize the Russia investigation over following up on the Midyear-related investigative lead discovered on the Weiner laptop was free from bias,” the report said
No sane person is saying that the West should go to war with the entire Islamic world The likeliest interpretation of his statement is that he is saying that we must not speak about how jihadis find justification for their actions in the Qur’an and Sunnah, as that will alienate the “moderates
The result? A litany of lives of total moral, physical, emotional devastation suffered by victims of homosexual clerics
Tellingly, these asylum applicants were the elite of Indonesian society, because their higher average IQ, than the rather dull Indonesians 87 is the average Indonesian IQ , and note that average includes the higher average Chinese, so the locals really are a dull lot
As to matters of purely ecclesiastical law such as this one the Church has always allowed for departures from traditional practice in cases of emergency or grave necessity And just as a synod was employed to address three rival claimants to the papal throne in 1046, declaring at least two of them deposed, so today might it be possible for reform-minded cardinals and bishops, comprising an imperfect council, to undo the incalculable damage caused by the cabal that lobbied for Bergoglio’s election before the last conclave—a cabal that included none other than McCarrick, whom Bergoglio rewarded by rehabilitating that monster despite the massive evidence of his unspeakable crimes
It is the tool in which the ummah enforces sharia blasphemy laws in the West Waco – the Feds killed ’em all
“We elected you to make reforms, not to smash everything!” Thus is Cardinal Leonardi Sandri, a fellow Argentinian and a supporter of Pope Francis at the conclave of 2013, reliably reported literally to have screamed at Pope Francis behind closed doors in the Vatican Sandri would be one of a number of Bergoglian partisans at the conclave who are now said to be experiencing “buyer’s remorse,” as documented most recently in the explosive best-seller The Dictator Pope 
It's time for the #BDStears crowd to examine their entitlement and recognize that what's good for the goose is good for the gander Either that or they can go whine to the New York Times some more because the Jewish community won't let them burn crosses on their lawn
Keeping Cardinal Ottaviani’s Intervention directly before our thoughts, we read with a strange kind of helpless dread… …it is not allowable to emphasize what is called the “communal” Mass to the disparagement of Masses celebrated in private, or to exaggerate the element of sacramental sign as if the symbolism, which all certainly admit in the Eucharist, expresses fully and exhausts completely the mode of Christ’s presence in this sacrament
Then when administrators are confronted, they claim it was all just an educational exercise, not proselytizing But we never, ever see Judaism or Christianity or Hinduism or Buddhism taught as fact in public schools, or schoolchildren being forced to make professions of faith in those religions
They interpret the current abuse crisis as fruit of the mistakes of the Council itself and not only of the post-Council…” Just as Faggioli fears, many in the up-and-coming generation of Catholic clergy and laity recognize the obvious: that the conciliar texts, for all their prolix repetition of traditional teaching, opened the way to ecclesial disaster
The CIA’s cunning cover-up in the JFK assassination worked brilliantly Thanks to President Trump and the CIA’s decision to continue keeping 98 percent of the CIA’s decades-long secret records secret from the American people, the CIA’s cunning cover-up of the JFK assassination continues to work brilliantly today
Notice the late pope does not say, “Let the practicing homosexuals have a spiritual home among your faithful,” as Father James Martin and his episcopal fans are at least implying on a regular basis in the media Does Archbishop Hebda believe it is time for the Church to stop humiliating herself by stooping to accommodate a special interest group that obviously doesn't care about her or the moral code by which she governs?
Obama took the field Different rules for the lawless party
” This is the time of year when the dead are wrapped in sheets and paraded through the streets while others dance around the bodies The local tradition is said to be one of the major causes of the spread of this disease
Hannity asks, "Why are people willing to throw out due process, equal justice under the law and the presumption of innocence?" Gregg Jarrett says it's "because they're zealous to the point where they've lost their common sense
“We have urban Ebola, which is a very different animal from rural Ebola The potential for an explosive increase in cases is now there
And it is precisely this “intense and fruitful path” taken by nearly all the Catholic world’s monastics since 1965 that Cor orans is attempting to force on the very, very few holdouts A Sister Speaks: ‘Cor Orans is the Death-Knell of Carmel’
On the one hand, this “focus” is vague to the point of being meaningless and completely incapacitates us On the other hand, this focus allows the administration to perpetuate the destructive fantasy that there are other types of “extremists” — who just happen to be the Left’s political opponents — that pose a great threat to the country
They reported the sightings to state and local law enforcement, but it was months before police moved in, the couple said "We are just beyond frustrated that they took so long," Tanya Badger said
Many people were tortured and were starved to death there […] “The Jews were banished, tortured, and annihilated because of their deeds
Accidentally? Color me skeptical
Turkey is moving armor and troops south to Syria's border enclave of Afrin, occupied by Kurds, to drive them out, and then drive the Syrian Kurds out of Manbij further south as well Says President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, " We will destroy all terror nests, one by one, in Syria, starting from Afrin and Manbij
Instead, she invited Clinton to describe the “damage” Julian Assange did “personally to you” In response, Clinton defamed Assange, an Australian citizen, as “very clearly a tool of Russian intelligence” and “a nihilistic opportunist who does the bidding of a dictator”
The Guardian has become a main outlet for British government disinformation operations aimed at defaming Russia It smeared Assange and Snowden as Russian collaborators
 Jacob Hornberger Check Amazon for Pricing that constituted a grave threat to “national security,” i
I am tired of sin And, as one who has tried — despite my many imperfections — to lay down my life for Christ and His Church, I am tired of the regular violation of sacred duties by those entrusted with immense responsibility from the Lord for the care of His people
"With respect to some of these materials, I have been previously informed by the FBI and Justice Department that they would consider their release a red line that must not be crossed as they may compromise sources and methods "This is evidently of no consequence to a President who cares about nothing about the country and everything about his narrow self-interest," Schiff added
They are the appointed guardians of the online hoi polloi But who guards the guardians?
But this time, they may have gone too far Even by BDS standards, their manifestly anti-Semitic campaign antics were beyond the pale
“No investigative journalism in my lifetime can equal the importance of what WikiLeaks has done in calling rapacious power to account It is as if a one-way moral screen has been pushed back to expose the imperialism of liberal democracies: the commitment to endless warfare … When Harold Pinter accepted the Nobel Prize for Literature in 2005, he referred to ‘a vast tapestry of lies up on which we feed
The media gave scant coverage to Obama’s close relationship with radical Reverend Jeremiah “God damn America) Wright who blamed the US for 9/11 I detailed Obama’s nefarious connections and resulting worldview in my book, The Post-American Presidency: The Obama Administration’s War on America , which was ignored by the mainstream media
The only way to treat a person who has contracted the plague is with antibiotics But experts now warn that because they are being used so much to treat the infection, antibiotics resistance is inevitable and making this disease much more terrifying
No matter how good a frame-up was, the CIA knew that it could be detected with an aggressive investigation That’s where ingenuity and cunning come into play
Laws are for conservatives Obama’s Treason: Even Worse Than We Thought
No investigative journalism in my lifetime can equal the importance of what WikiLeaks has done in calling rapacious power to account It is as if a one-way moral screen has been pushed back to expose the imperialism of liberal democracies: the commitment to endless warfare and the division and degradation of “unworthy” lives: from Grenfell Tower to Gaza
This position which is really simple and easily to be understood has been clearly and convincingly presented – since the statement of the two bishops [Marx and Bode] – by several Christians: by Archbishops Ludwig Schick (Germany) and Charles Chaput (USA); by the German-speaking theologians Hubert Windisch and Markus Büning I am sure there are many many others, too, who think alike, but whom I do not know
Clearly the government’s intent was to make sure that as few people as possible discovered the truth about its massive, years-long cover-up of those rape gangs, and refusal to prosecute the perpetrators Theresa May and company obvious hope that other Britons who are furious about the sacrifice of thousands of British girls to the idols of “diversity” and “multiculturalism” will see what happened to Tommy, and be frightened into silence
He found a narrative from British counter-jihad groups closely aligned with the alt-right, such as Britain First and the founder of the English Defence League Tommy Robinson ” The British counter-jihad movement is thus swept into the same group of violent extremists as Osborne, because Ganesh “knows” they encouraged him
Sadly, many of Judge Kavanaugh’s haters have thrown that rule aside If Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination is pulled as a result of the smears and character assassination, President Trump should immediately nominate someone on his short list such as Amy Coney Barrett and the Senate Republican majority should then push through the new nominee’s confirmation as soon as possible
”… Siraj Ibn Wahhaj’s lawyer in the state case, suggested that those charges were motivated by a degree of racial and religious prejudice against his Muslim client If the suspects were white Christians shooting guns on their property and practicing their religion, “No one would bat an eye,” Thomas Clark argued in court
CNN added that “the suit is specific to CNN and Acosta,” but said it could happen to anyone “If left unchallenged, the actions of the White house would create a dangerous chilling effect for any journalist who covers our elected officials,” CNN said
President Trump hired him knowing all of that The administration will now start aggressively moving to deal with the root cause of chaos and violence in the region in a clear-eyed way
The aid announced on Friday provides just a fraction of the $94 4 billion Rossello has said the island needs to recover from cataclysmic damage to its infrastructure and housing stock, although Puerto Rico is eligible to participate in other programs that could increase the aid to $45 billion, according to Friday's statement
When the left made Linda Sarsour into its role model, it climbed into bed with the worst of the worst The father of a missing 4-year-old Georgia boy was training children at a filthy New Mexico compound to commit school shootings, prosecutors alleged in court documents Wednesday
I had said for over 10 years since coming to these events, that the declared policy of the United States of America should be the overthrow of the mullahs’ regime in Tehran The behavior and the objectives of the regime are not going to change, and therefore the only solution is to change the regime itself
” Cardinal Müller: Blessing homosexual couples would be an ‘atrocity’
Growing US hysteria over North Korea, a nation of only 25 million, recalls the propaganda storm launched by Washington to justify its invasion of equally small Iraq The dim-witted US ambassador to the UN, Nikki Haley, has become point-woman for hurling warlike threats at North Korea even though this neocon poster-girl’s foreign affairs experience appears to have been limited to the International House of Pancakes in her native South Carolina
That’s right, photographic evidence from inside the hotel parking garage has confirmed that the FBI, along with state and local police, specifically lied about key details of the shooting This throws their entire narrative into question and makes one wonder what else is being hidden from the public?
How inconvenient that Farrell, Head of this Synod on Youth, roomed with the notorious Cardinal Theodore McCarrick for six years and never knew anything about McCarrick’s predatory behavior How inconvenient that a global homosexual clergy predation scandal is erupting at a time when Francis wants the Synod to minimize that nagging and unmerciful Catholic catechism doctrine of homosexuality as “intrinsically disordered” by exploiting the naive views of the youth at the Synod
Muslim Leader Calls for Conquest of “America, Britain, Russia, France, and Italy” Recently a Muslim spokesman in Tunisia named Said Khecharem, who is affiliated with the international pro-Sharia, pro-caliphate organization Hizb ut-Tahrir, declared (to delighted screams of “Allahu akbar” from his audience), that the “establishment of an Islamic state…requires the conquest of America, Britain, Russia, France, and Italy – Rome and other infidel lands will be conquered, Allah willing
You ain’t supporting shit nigga,” and then throws the drink in the face of a 16-year-old boy With MAGA hat in hand, the man walks away saying “Bitch ass motherf**ker
Less than a week later, Wilson received a letter from the US State Department demanding that he take down his printable-gun blueprints or face prosecution for violating federal export controls Under an obscure set of US regulations known as the International Trade in Arms Regulations (ITAR), Wilson was accused of exporting weapons without a license, just as if he’d shipped his plastic gun to Mexico rather than put a digital version of it on the internet
Now, President Trump has gone along with it My guess is that one of two things will occur with the FBI investigation: (1) Absolutely nothing will be found, and this will have been a huge waste of time or (2) look for this thing to expand and the need will arise to make this more of a circus than it already is, which will dwarf anything Clarence Thomas had to face from the slanderous accusations of Anita Hill
There is no mention of this artillery threat in the final communiqué issued by Trump and Kim in Singapore But it was agreed to temporarily stop the highly provocative US/South Korean war games simulating an invasion of the North, a key demand by Kim
[5] Probably a reference to the Inzoli case in which Francis overturned a previous sentence of a Vatican tribunal after the priest – now laicised – approached some of the pope’s close advisors for help, including Cardinal Coccopalmerio [6] Not that anyone in Rome was trying very hard
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo was pressed about the issue Wednesday during his appearance before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee “Why on earth would the Trump administration make it easier for terrorists and gunmen to produce undetectable plastic guns?” asked Sen
This persistence of Mary about the dangers which menace the Church is a divine warning against the suicide that would be represented by the alteration of the faith, in her liturgy, her theology and her soul… I hear all around me innovators who wish to dismantle the Sacred Chapel, destroy the universal flame of the Church, reject her ornaments and make her feel remorse for her historical past
If Manafort had really visited Assange, it would have long been known: In sum, the Guardian published a story today that it knew would explode into all sorts of viral benefits for the paper and its reporters even though there are gaping holes and highly sketchy aspects to the story
” The fourth video was a news report featuring a clip of Duke being interviewed at a white nationalist rally held in Charlottesville, Virginia this past August At this same rally, a white nationalist plowed his car into a group of people who were protesting the rally, killing one
His first appointment, no more than three weeks after the Conclave was Jose Rodrigues Carballo, the Religious Congregation’s Secretary and – given the scandal that erupted on his leaving them – the financial wrecking ball of the Franciscan Friars Minor The first task Francis gave Carballo was the demolition of the Franciscan Friars of the Immaculate
With St  John Paul II’s 1995 visit, he was remembered for “bringing a saint to Newark,” not as an abuser of seminarians, minors or priests
It did not allow Iran to send funds to the US or receive funds from the US And it did not allow Iran access to US investments or markets
Trump's North Korean gamble ends with 'special bond' with Kim Nearly five hours of unprecedented and surreal talks between US President Donald Trump and North Korea's Kim Jong Un culminated on Tuesday with fulsome declarations of a new friendship but just vague pledges of nuclear disarmament
So interesting! Now, it’s theoretically possible that the CIA presented Trump with some earthshattering new information on the Thursday deadline that showed that the United States would fall into the ocean if Americans were finally permitted to see the CIA’s long-secret JFK records
The dhimmi’s payment of his dues by a bill drawn on a Muslim, or by delegating a real believer to pay it in his name will not be tolerated It must be exacted from him directly in order to vilify and humiliate him, so that Islam and its people may be exalted and the race of infidels brought low
” Hungarian Prime Minister: ‘Christianity is Europe’s last hope’
These lessons of history should suffice to dispel the pious fable, never a teaching of the Magisterium, that every Pope is chosen by the Holy Ghost to lead the Church This theological error, which Bergoglio has exploited to the hilt, is a key element in the related error of papalotry, which elevates the person of the Pope above the office he occupies and makes of him the leader of a personality cult everyone is commanded to “love” (in the superficially emotional sense) and obey no matter what he says or does, rather than a custodian and defender of the Deposit of Faith whose lovability, personality and opinions are utterly irrelevant to the exercise and scope of his office
The latest incident at the Canadian university comes with a rather blatant agenda A Jewish student at McGill University has been kicked off the student government board for having “conflicts of interest” due to his pro-Israel activism
Wills never mentions Qur’an 9:29, which commands Muslims to wage war against Jews and Christians and subjugate them as inferiors under the rule of Sharia Wills is no more trustworthy when he deals with the question of violence in the Qur’an
Even today, there is little value in insuring the survival of our nation if our traditions do not survive with it And there is very grave danger that an announced need for increased security will be seized upon by those anxious to expand its meaning to the very limits of official censorship and concealment
Many in the hierarchy were active homosexuals who intentionally relaxed and ignored the Church’s teaching and moral stance on homosexuality The personal wreckage brutally portrayed in the Pennsylvania Grand Jury Report is the direct result of a clerical culture which embraced homosexuality and groomed, recruited, and assaulted young people into this sordid lifestyle
Needless to say, many were completely unsatisfied with Franken’s very weak statement In fact, some members of his own party said that his apology was entirely insufficient and are calling for Franken to be held accountable for his actions…
Despite cops rallying behind the blue line to defend this killer cop, the rest of the country is not buying it In a damning tweet, writer Kashana Cauley summed up the nature of the smear campaign quite succinctly
What did he do to stop the explosion of neo-modernism – that burned like an unchecked wildfire throughout the Catholic world through the reign of John Paul II? What did “silencing” by Ratzinger’s CDF do to stop Hans Kung becoming a celebrity “priest-theologian,” courted by the media for his loathing of Catholicism?
Yet, from the very beginning, the mainstream media has never given any serious consideration to the possibility that Oswald was framed for the crime Instead, they have steadfastly stuck with the official story, one that has all the characteristics of a pat frame-up: That Oswald acted alone or possibly acted in concert with others, both of which lead to nothing but dead ends, contradictions, and anomalies
” Exposing it could be one of the “crowning achievements” of his presidency, he said “What we’ve done is a great service to the country, really,” he said
Though he’s “sticking with Francis” for now, Winters wrote, “I wish I knew what it was about Pope Francis that makes him fail to grasp the situation with Bishop Barros, the pain caused to the victims and the damage done to the church I am gobsmacked that the pope twice declined to accept the bishop’s resignation
“Governments in this country and across Europe are now the enemies of their own people, [and] they promote policies that are against the interests of their own people,” he railed — citing efforts to sabotage Brexit, uncontrolled mass migration, and what he described as “Islamisation” in particular," he said “A literalist interpretation of the Mohammedan cult is completely alien to everything our country stands for and our traditional way of life," Batten continued
It was only downhill from there In a misguided effort to secure Iran’s willingness to sign the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, Obama sold everything including the kitchen sink
Needless to say, many were completely unsatisfied with Franken’s very weak statement In fact, some members of his own party said that his apology was entirely insufficient and are calling for Franken to be held accountable for his actions…
” While admitting numerous jihad preachers, Britain is keeping out the voices of sanity that would call that nation back to a path that would secure freedom for her children and her children’s children instead of a path to national suicide
Ed Pentin has a long file of interviews and articles about Muller that clearly show his complete inability to make up his mind whose side he’s on A quick examination of Muller’s interviews and statements reveal an irresolute and ultimately calculating mind of a man who is – so I am told by sources close to him – motivated mainly by a puerile desire to be approved of by the “cool kids” in the Vatican, on the one hand, and an unshakeable conviction of his own theological brilliance on the other
I believe that Archbishop Viganò’s precious testimony is a sign that Heaven itself is now responding to the “need for justice” in the Church Whether or not justice involves the resignation of the most wayward Pope in Church history, the inevitable season of justice will culminate in the triumph of the Immaculate Heart of Mary and the Church’s restoration
Furthermore, the motto of the American Revolution was “No King but King Jesus ” America’s original national seal was “REBELLION TO TYRANTS IS OBEDIENCE TO GOD” with a picture on the inside of the seal showing the Pharaoh being overthrown by the sea with Moses and the children of Israel safe on the shore
You should learn to call them by their real name, ‘Satan ’ You’re coming face to face with Satan, the Arch Deceiver, the enemy of God, and the enemy of the righteous
Authorities said it was forwarded to them but did not provide details on its origin Compound wasn't searched thoroughly, couple say
 Barack Obama took a photo at a 2005 Congressional Black Caucus meeting, a photo that was subsequently suppressed in order to protect Obama's political future “Jews were responsible for all of this filth and degenerate behavior that Hollywood is putting out, turning men into women and women into men,” Farrakhan said in his keynote speech
While the debate rages anew over familiar topics following such tragedies — tougher, more restrictive gun control laws and bolstering security at public schools — the revolution in homeschooling has been taking place quietly, behind the scenes and off the radar screens of most political organizations But again, it’s not just the shootings, which admittedly have increased in the past couple of years
The media gave scant coverage to Obama’s close relationship with radical Reverend Jeremiah “God damn America) Wright who blamed the US for 9/11 I detailed Obama’s nefarious connections and resulting worldview in my book, The Post-American Presidency: The Obama Administration’s War on America , which was ignored by the mainstream media
Today, our ridiculous suggestion is the stuff of mainstream news From the neo-Catholic perspective, the events of recent days present a terrifying prospect: the final collapse of the Novus Ordo establishment, an end to the conciliar aggiornamento and a revival of integral Tradition, which growing numbers of young people are seeking
On the one hand, this “focus” is vague to the point of being meaningless and completely incapacitates us On the other hand, this focus allows the administration to perpetuate the destructive fantasy that there are other types of “extremists” — who just happen to be the Left’s political opponents — that pose a great threat to the country
” McCarrick had lobbied for Bergoglio’s election, along with Maradiaga and the infamous Cardinal Danneels, who covered up homosexual rape committed by a priest against his own nephew,has supported “same-sex marriage,” and advised the King of Belgium to sign a law legalizing abortion in 1990 As Edward Pentin notes: “all 3 prelates have since been special advisors of Francis or rehabilitated by him
The irony is of Ellison's campaign calling on the police to protect him from a woman, armed with a mic and camera phone, who is simply asking him to respond to the accusations and police report, as well as how he plans on being attorney general without a license, when he has shown his support for those that murder police officers in cold blood Scott Johnson reports on Ellison's sordid history supporting such criminals
North Korea can’t today seriously threaten North America with missile strikes, but it probably will by 2019 Meanwhile, North Korean nuclear and conventionally-armed missiles (and this could include poison gas and biological warheads) today threaten the 80,000 plus US military personnel based in Japan, South Korea and Guam
I’ve been praying that prayer even more earnestly in these past weeks as the Church in the United States has once again come face-to-face with its sins, with reports that former cardinal Theodore McCarrick, one of the most prominent Churchmen in the United States in the last quarter century, has been accused of abusing two minors and sexually harassing or assaulting a number of seminarians and young priests To make matters worse (if that is even possible), evidence has surfaced that indicates that a bishop, as well as some priests and laity, had brought the allegations about misconduct with seminarians to the attention of Church authorities but to no avail: Archbishop McCarrick was nonetheless “promoted” to become the archbishop in our nation’s capital, and elevated to the College of Cardinals
But why is Fisher still “working hard not to assume the worst” when there is no longer anything to assume as the ever-mounting evidence of malintent has been in plain view for years? Indeed, why else did Archbishop Viganò risk everything in order to expose this Pope, even to the extent of revealing matters supposedly within the scope of “the Pontifical secret”?
There is much, much worse about Omar David Steinberg of PJ Media has done extraordinary work in shedding light on aspects of Omar’s record that the establishment media has steadfastly ignored
Thousands of Troops and Razor Wire: US Border Reinforced Against Migrant ‘Invasion’ (Videos) President Trump has initiated the military to protect our border from the invading migrants
" How Many Child Rapists Did a Sanctuary City Mayor Tip Off?
The laity will learn over the course of the next few years that the underlying cause of the criminal scandal lies in the homosexual network of priests, bishops and cardinals who preyed on the youth, assaulted seminarians, promoted their own ilk, and punished any whistleblowers or noncompliant priests Here is the dirty secret that is now emerging
Unlike CJH, the American Jewish Historical Society is an organization that dates back to the 19th century Its perversion by the radical anti-Jewish and anti-Israel left to serve anti-Semitic narratives is tragic
For people like Faggioli, indeed for the tradition-hating Pope they blindly defend, the one thing to be feared is that more and more faithful will recognize the neo-Catholic polemic for what it is—a fraud—and begin demanding a return of everything the regime of novelty has stolen from the life of the Church That is exactly what a growing number of Catholics are now doing, as even the secular press recognized less than three months before Bergoglio began his tyrannical reign
Article posted with permission from John Vibes Blue Privilege: Amber Guyger Free on Bail as Activists Who Peacefully Protested Her Rot in Jail
’ #understatement Another said, ‘I’ve never cried after an election until last night
com/HZf3LBeAgk — Mike Tokes (@MikeTokes) October 29, 2017 Slowly but surely we are beginning to see the truth about the horrific attack come to light despite authorities desperately trying to prevent it from reaching the American people
Orban has taken a tough stance in Hungary He has ordered all illegal Muslim invaders to get out of Hungary and never come back
Certainly not Corbyn or Assange, who threaten to disrupt the entrenched neoliberal order that is hurtling us towards climate breakdown and economic collapse Its pages, however, are readily available to the latest effort to prop up the status quo from Tony Blair, the man who led Britain, on false pretences, into the largest crime against humanity in living memory – the attack on Iraq
… The assault on our country at our Southern Border, including the Criminal elements and DRUGS pouring in, is far more important to me, as President, than Trade or the USMCA
Here’s what happened: Is this the America Maxine Waters wanted?
Acosta’s press credential was revoked by the White House on Nov  7 after a testy exchange with President Donald Trump at a White House news conference
Article posted with permission from The Daily Caller News Foundation Muslim Dem IT Aides' Family Member Paid $45,000 After Hiring Attorney Specializing In Money Laundering Cases
In analyzing the highly anticipated OIG report’s conclusions, it is clear that either Mr  Horowitz himself decided to pull his punches or that the final version, which had been reviewed by upper echelons in both the FBI and Justice Department before its public release, emerged in a disappointingly watered-down form
Algemeiner reported: Nation of Islam leader and prominent antisemite Louis Farrakhan chanted “Death to America” and claimed that “America has never been a democracy” on Sunday during a solidarity trip to Iran, ahead of the re-implementation of US sanctions on the country this week
HANNITY: Explain CFIUS, 13 agencies, I am sorry 9 agencies approving the deal that gave control of uranium one to the bad actor, hostile regime, Putin Russia TOENSING: They said, the CFIUS board said that the bad Russians could buy uranium one, which contains access to 20 percent of the U
Wired has the story Instead, Wilson has spent the last years on an unlikely project for an anarchist: Not simply defying or skirting the law but taking it to court and changing it
86 (as of 09:30 EDT - Details) And this right after Trump and his neocon minions reneged on the sensible nuclear treaty with Iran In a policy one could call ‘eat sand and die,’ Trump demanded that Iran not only give up any and all nuclear capacity (Iran has no nukes), but also junk its non-nuclear armed medium range missiles, stop backing the Palestinians, Hezbollah in Lebanon and the Houthis in Yemen, roll over and be good, don’t do anything to upset Israel, and pull out of Syria
He recently signed an immigration decree requiring asylum seekers to apply at their point of entry to the country and barring illegal immigrants from requesting asylum “We need people in our country but they have to come in legally and they have to have merit,” Trump told reporters before he departed for Paris
McFarland from her role as Deputy National Security Advisor and inserted Dina Habib-Powell, former Bush gatekeeper whose pals included Huma Abedin and Valerie Jarrett Again, and I have asked this before, how do you fight the Deep State by putting Deep State operatives in these positions?
 A representative of a New York mosque says the raid of a ramshackle compound in New Mexico is being used as propaganda against Muslims Ali Abdul-Karim Judan, a spokesman for the mosque, said in a video posted Thursday on Facebook that the incident was a domestic situation that has nothing to do with extremism
It is truly homophobic for any bishop to lie to the gay community about this, and to risk the immortal souls of the sheep merely so that the shepherd might pride himself on occupying the politically correct high ground This is gross dereliction of duty, and we hope and pray that all the good U
“I think this is a misplaced mercy It is mercy for the predator priests,” she told EWTN’s Raymond Arroyo on the February 8 episode of World Over
“Mayors are on the frontlines of America’s gun violence crisis, so it’s no surprise they’re also leading the charge to pass common-sense, life-saving laws,” said Everytown president John Feinblatt “It’s time for our leaders in Washington to follow the lead of America’s mayors and put public safety over NRA priorities
” The government also compensated $40,000 of Wilson’s legal costs While this settlement is a victory for First Amendment rights, it will be difficult, if not impossible, for the government to regulate either the printers or the guns that are made with them
Kavanaugh, 53, vehemently denied the woman’s allegations “I categorically and unequivocally deny this allegation,” he said in a statement
As part of the confirmation process, Kavanaugh endured his sixth background investigation since 1993 “Nowhere in any of these six FBI reports, which committee investigators have reviewed on a bipartisan basis, was there a whiff of any issue – any issue at all related in any way to inappropriate sexual behavior,” Grassley said
In a statement following that accusation, Franken's office said he has not "intentionally engage in" the "kind of conduct" described A woman described as a "former elected official in New England" told the Jezebel website that Franken tried to give her a "wet, open-mouthed kiss" during an event in 2006
However, in less than a minute she would insult both Booker and Holder, and every person with dark skin on the planet Swisher asked her, "What do you think of Cory Booker… saying ‘kick them in the shins,’ essentially?"
So Trump’s solution was more show-biz A much ballyhooed flight to Singapore, backslapping a delighted Kim, and a love-fest between the two chunky leaders was sold to Americans as the dawn of peace
Saucier says that that action was “unfair” and “unequal” compared to the corruption and criminal activity of Hillary Clinton Saucier told Fox News he was scapegoated by Obama officials who found themselves under fire for not aggressively responding to Clinton’s handling of classified information through her private email servers
They are all related The Russian nuclear energy is controlled from the top, from Putin
Many people were tortured and were starved to death there […] “The Jews were banished, tortured, and annihilated because of their deeds
As The American Mirror’s Kyle Olsen concludes so eloquently, Hillary Clinton appears to benefit from her progressive privilege – it is the only thing that protects her from getting the ‘Roseanne treatment’, and not being dismissed in disgrace “They All Look The Same” – Hillary Cracks Racist Joke After Booker/Holder Mix-Up
Another wrote: “Lynne White You are not a Christian, a Christian is a person who strives to be more Christ like with everything they do and I do not believe Christ would be working to shut this program down or alter it to include your worldly views
But it’s a simple truth: he’s a heretic Everyone knows he’s a heretic because we have heard him trumpeting in his blatant heresies from every rooftop he could find for decades
Meanwhile, North Korean nuclear and conventionally-armed missiles (and this could include poison gas and biological warheads) today threaten the 80,000 plus US military personnel based in Japan, South Korea and Guam They would be immediate targets should the US and South Korea attack the north
The length of their prison terms, in part, fueled outrage at their convictions Federal Judge Michael Robert Hogan originally gave the Hammonds reduced s in 2012, arguing that the mandatory minimums were unjust
In other words, there have been absolutely no problems whatever with the direction taken either by the Church or by the religious life since Vatican II Everything that has happened has been in complete and perfect continuity between the Before Church and the After Church; there has been no rupture or break with the past
What does all this mean? Well, it's pretty simple, and I highly recommend the Wired article, which is quite lengthy and has lots of information, but what this does is demonstrates that the genie is out of the bottle and there is just no way for gun grabbing Communists the world over to be able to truly enforce their unlawful acts of fun gun confiscation
 2014 under mysterious circumstances), and Muslim Brotherhood-linked individuals like Huma Abedin serving as the right-hand woman of Hillary Clinton, we need to bring in people who actually love America and want to protect it We all know who these noble and courageous individuals are – and some of them are referenced in this article
“Glazov’s advice also involves the promotion of supporting moderate Muslims – a move that is, clearly, horrifying to Facebook’s masters and therefore also violates their ‘community standards,'” the report said No doubt, Glazov’s consistent campaigning on behalf of Muslim women and girls in his efforts to protect them from FGM, honor killings and other Shariah barbarities, has gained him the anger and hatred of Facebook’s guardians — who are clearly on the side of the Shariah enforcers and oppressors of Muslim women and girls
It absolutely would have made a difference ” Reached by TPM on Thursday, Muhammad said a “staff member” for the CBC contacted him “sort of in a panic” after he took the photo at a caucus meeting in 2005
” Wasserman Schultz was defending someone investigators allegedly told her was suspected of cybersecurity violations, despite having resigned from her position as DNC head following a devastating hack during the 2016 election
In their eyes this means total extinction, a penalty certainly in excess of any transgression of which he may be guilty Not even God completely obliterates a human existence, not even for the most odious sins, for He made the human soul immortal and hell eternal
Why is it so much easier to jail Tommy Robinson? “Why is it so easy to jail a man for leaving bacon at a mosque, but so difficult to jail jihadis who preach murder and death to the British people?"
I fear for this nation when this is now the standard You believe any woman who goes against a Republican and you don't believe any woman who goes against a Democrat
Thank you! We finally have the official numbers, and they aren’t pretty
Excuse me Maike, but I don’t think this is a parenthetical issue Is it any wonder that so many Catholics have become disaffected?
This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further Bon Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to [sic] USA!” Trump wrote
It would seem the Latin version has graver implications than the English because it suggests that falling short of what the moral law requires is an oblation pleasing to God if one’s “limits” make obedience to the moral law difficult And that is exactly the nonsense Fastiggi and Goldstein expect us to swallow: “Pope Francis is not talking about an offering of an objectively sinful action but a gift of self that moves toward God and the objective moral norm
Instead of fighting for their posterity and shutting down the illegalities of sodomy in all 50 states, they teach them to just do their best to understand that they cannot help themselves while God say’s the opposite (Leviticus 20:18) Instead of fighting on their behalf against the federal government that is illegally indoctrinating them, they simply give their kids over to them to be dumbed down
WaPo reports: Las Vegas police said Friday that the gunman who opened fire on a country music festival far below his hotel suite did not shoot a security guard six minutes before that rampage, contradicting a timeline they had offered earlier this week…
Ford “really doesn’t want to testify,” he said “Because when she does, she is going to look like the loon she is
“The witness may not only be “singing,” he may also be “composing” — that is, making up or embellishing a story because he knows that the better his story, the better the deal “Under federal law, the testimony of such a “flipped witness” need not be corroborated in order to secure a conviction
Ford obviously has mental issues and that was on display on Thursday during her testimony She clearly tried to present herself as a victim while she accused Kavanaugh of sexual assault with absolutely no evidence
Christopher Chin, head of Homeschool Louisiana, told The Times that parents are fed up with “the violence, the bullying, the unsafe environments ” Many parents are also disturbed by the social engineering, which amounts to brainwashing and indoctrination that goes on in a public school
As the outbreak worsens, some doctors are even warning that “no one is safe” from the disease The outbreak of the black plague in Madagascar has so far killed 97 people, and doctors are warning that it will be continuing to spread and worsen, meaning no one is safe
A religious fundamentalist whose group has been condemned by the Southern Poverty Law Center, Mr  Farrakhan is fervently opposed to the legitimacy of the state of Israel, and his political positions regarding the country frequently spill over into bigoted remarks about Jews, which is why many public officials have avoided association with him
Aiken was unqualified for her role, except in the ways that mattered to the Clintons and their Dem allies These pardons cleanse another stain from our nation's history in the dark years of Obama
If Kavanaugh Is Not Confirmed By Senate, Then We Are All Just One Accusation Away From Ruin If Christine Ford were to make her accusation in any courtroom in America, even a mediocre defense attorney could shatter her credibility within minutes under cross-examination
Will they support a clash with NATO ally Turkey, to keep armed Kurds on Turkey's border, when the Turks regard them as terrorists? Are we prepared for a shooting war with a Syrian army, backed by Russia, Iran, Hezbollah and Shiite militias from Iraq, Afghanistan and Pakistan, to hold onto a fourth of Syria's territory in alliance with Kurds?
It is as if a one-way moral screen has been pushed back to expose the imperialism of liberal democracies: the commitment to endless warfare … When Harold Pinter accepted the Nobel Prize for Literature in 2005, he referred to ‘a vast tapestry of lies up on which we feed ’ He asked why ‘the systematic brutality, the widespread atrocities, the ruthless suppression of independent thought’ of the Soviet Union were well known in the West while America’s imperial crimes “never happened … even while [they] were happening, they never happened
Several hundred people have been exposed to the virus as officials worry this outbreak could spread rapidly into regions already devastated by the ongoing black death outbreak New Virus With NO CURE Spreading: This Is WORSE Than The ‘Black Death’
That wasn’t entirely a Trump mistake His decision during the campaign to release a list of potential justices drafted by Leo reflected the reality-TV star’s weakness as a presidential candidate
Both nominations may face tough confirmation hearings, but it seems that many Americans are just fine with these types of people being in these types of offices The only thing I can think for that kind of reasoning is that people do not know their Constitution and understand exactly what Senator Paul is trying to warn America about
S , following the lead of the late Cardinal Bernardin of Chicago and like minded prelates won to the new man-centered conciliar religion, the faithful are beginning to equate abortion, nuclear war and capital punishment as common “threats to the sacredness of human life” without any reference whatever to the innocence or guilt involved
Except whenever he pleases, as we have seen again and again with the conservative bishops and even Cardinals (Burke and Müller) he has sacked because their conservatism offended him or one of his friends, prompting even Crux to ask: “Does Pope Francis have an enemies list?” Then again, Francis even obtained the removal of his own “trusted counselor” McCarrick from the College of Cardinals, albeit only when forced to act due to worldwide condemnation in the media So, according to Faggioli, the same Pope who sacks conservative bishops and cardinals according to his pleasure and has just removed a cardinal from the College of Cardinals in an unprecedented disciplinary act under fire from the media, is somehow powerless to dismiss Modernist bishops who have created an obscene “gay culture” in the Church and replace them with orthodox, normal heterosexual males
This happened in “heavily Republican Bay County,” and Democrat gubernatorial candidate Andrew Gillum is outraged Meanwhile, Democrat election officials are marking ballots themselves and “finding” boxes of them everywhere to try to get him to victory, and when confronted about that, Gillum says, “Every vote must be counted
But now concerning the question of Cardinal Marx, and not a few of the priests, the answer is simple: one may ask for God's blessing for sinners, but not for the sin That is to say, one could not consecrate a brothel, one could not bless a concentration camp or weapons which are not explicitly ordained for hunting or for legitimate self-defense
What’s most difficult for us is we can’t even email the HOLA list to reach our community and discuss what this means for us because we know that apparently some may actually be Trump supporters There is a thread right now among the core HOLA group where people are sharing how much they hurt, how much they need support right now, and that they are coordinating in different offices to meet up to just hold each other
AL 303 teaches that conscience will come to recognize that God is asking for a step in the right direction away from sin Pope Francis explains this again in AL 305 when he says “a small step, in the midst of great human limitations, can be more pleasing to God than a life which appears outwardly in order, but moves through the day without confronting great difficulties
As of now, the Senate Judiciary Committee Republican majority plans to move forward with Judge Kavanaugh's nomination as scheduled It is time for the Democrat obstructionists to slink back into their shadowy corner
That firing, however, led to Mueller’s appointment as special counsel Wednesday’s tweet was a reminder of Trump’s unabated anger at Sessions, who recused himself from overseeing the Russia investigation on March 2, 2017 — as members of both parties and legal experts have contended that he should
With the Fourth Estate now on life support, there is a high premium on the fledgling Fifth Estate, which uses the ether and is not susceptible of government or corporation control Small wonder that governments with lots to hide feel very threatened
” The statement says MGM believes Paddock began firing out the window of his room within 40 seconds of Campos reporting his shooting, and Lombardo said Friday, “I agree with the statement ” These discrepancies on basic facts are feeding conspiracy theories
"None of the charges had anything to do with anybody teaching anybody shooting to commit acts of terrorism or to go in and shoot up any school," he said "Because it's a Muslim and the circumstances that are surrounding their situation, they want to change the narrative
If it does, acknowledgment of what this shift in position means for users and for Google is essential Shifting blindly or silently in one direction or another rightly incites users’ fury… The Google “internal research” even quotes outside experts like George Soros who express justification of censorship in non-U
But after watching a week of post Singapore summit between Great White Father Trump and delinquent Kim Jong-un I must totally agree with the Economist What was billed as a second-coming extravaganza between the two leaders – who have been trading insults of ‘little rocket man’ and ‘dotard’ (someone who is senile) turned out to be a very expensive photo op for both publicity seekers that made much noise but produced very little – at least so far
But if you are a freedom-loving American who values your liberties and the God-given right to defend them, happy is NOT what you should be feeling right now You should be OUTRAGED at Donald Trump, and you should be absolutely determined to be ever vigilant against ANY attempt from Democrats or Republicans from federal, State, or municipal government to enact further restrictions against your right to keep and bear arms—because Trump has opened the door not only for more gun control but also for gun confiscation
Dating from its institution by God in Eden to its delegation after the Flood to men who would wield it in God’s name, it has threaded its way without interruption through the fabric of human civilizations until these latter days One might expect that after the Incarnation, when God became man and replaced the Old Testament’s law of talion based on strict justice with a new dispensation based on love and grace, the death penalty could be safely abolished as outmoded
The more Trump is investigated, the less he can investigate, reform or implement changes to the swamp But plenty of it is about malice and spite
Molester McCarrick: I hope I am Influential Roman: Talk him up
70 (as of 06:30 EDT - Details) In its revelations of fraudulent wars (Afghanistan, Iraq) and the bald-faced lies of governments (the Chagos Islands), WikiLeaks has allowed us to glimpse how the imperial game is played in the 21st century
Whether nuclear disarmament is indeed the final outcome of Tuesday's summit won't be known for years, if not decades But the dramatic act of extending his hand to one of America's longtime adversaries will forever illustrate Trump's gut-driven, norm-shattering tenure
” Orbán warned that as Western Europe becomes saturated with Muslim occupants, Islamists would soon seek to stream in to his country from both Western Europe as well as from Islamic nations
That’s right, Pope Francis ended his trip by publicly defending a bishop who victims have accused of covering up widespread pedophilia in the country According to a report by the Associated Press, Francis made the shocking comments in a discussion about Rev
’” Bu Jihad Watch, August 13, 2018: Seriously? If they had been Christian and white, stockpiling weapons and plotting school shootings, with the ringleader being the son of one of the most respected Christian preachers in the country, there wouldn’t have been news coverage of anything else for weeks
Number Of Puerto Rico Residents Without Clean Water And Electricity Keeps Rising In the wake of Hurricane Maria’s wrath, Puerto Rico remains devastated
Instead, it amended the text, without acknowledging it had done so, to attribute the claims to unnamed, and uncheckable, “sources” The propaganda function of the piece is patent
What does our propaganda war entail? Zilch
‘Bob Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 Angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to USA!’ The White House ignored a Wednesday Wednesday about whether Trump will push the envelope further and order Sessions to fire Mueller
One might ask, is “unseemly sycophancy” at work among the media? The silence of what used to be the noble profession of journalism is deafening
The North’s weapons are obsolescent; its small air forces and navy will be vaporized by US power but its troops are deeply dug into the mountainous terrain and would be fighting from prepared positions War against North Korea would be a slow and bloody slog– even a repeat of the bloody, stalemated 1950-52 Korean War in which 39,000 Americans and at least 2
Some of these norms, Schneider told LifeSiteNews, give “implicit approval” of divorce and of sexual activity outside a valid marriage Such a reading is causing “rampant confusion,” will spread “a plague of divorce” in the Church, and is “alien” to the Church’s entire faith and Tradition, the three bishops said in the profession
 financial system by sidestepping sanctions kept in place after the 2015 nuclear deal, despite repeatedly telling Congress and the public it had no plans to do so Yet another Obama dirty deal with Iran that we're just learning about now
It is hard to see why or how Republicans are ever again going to be the Bush-Boehner party that preceded the rise of Trump What would be the argument for returning to a repudiated platform?
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use “I absolutely, unqualifiedly denounce and reject the views of Louis Farrakhan," said Ellison
There appears to be an ongoing pattern of behavior, and Fox News has documented some of the other incidents that have come up in the past… Franken, then a comedian, was quoted in a 1995 New York Magazine article discussing a skit for “Saturday Night Live” that involved drugging and raping CBS reporter Lesley Stahl
Put to the test the Dems’ claims that a critical mass of women, many of them with sons they don’t want falsely accused, believes the fundamentalist feminist narrative and will vote accordingly To borrow Churchill’s definition of appeasement, stop feeding the alligator in the hopes that you will be eaten last
Apparently, They Think We are Fools As Pope Francis continues his five-year-long tirade against the imaginary Catholic Pharisees who defend the Church’s teaching on the indissolubility of marriage and the integrally related Eucharistic discipline—he is still at it as of yesterday (January 9)—he and his collaborators are busily engineering neo-Pharisaical escape hatches from the negative precepts of the divine and natural law emanating from the Sixth Commandment
But, he said, he was afraid of making his parents sad In the course of their conversations, Patel discussed his desire to see a holy war between Muslims and non-Muslims
Take a look for yourself and understand how pathological liar and accused woman abuser Keith Ellison seeks to deceive you In case you missed it, here's a still frame of Ellison just a few feet away from a man who has called on 10,000 blacks to stalk and murder white people
Central actors have suggested instead that the emails were leaked from within the Democratic party Nonetheless, this unverified allegation has been aggressively exploited by the Democratic leadership because it shifts attention away both from its failure to mount an effective electoral challenge to Trump and from the damaging contents of the emails
Desperate Feinstein Pushes 30-Year-Old Claim About Sexual Misconduct Of Kavanaugh It's incredible the amount of hypocrisy Senator Dianne Feinstein puts on display for the American people to see, and yet, the people in her state continue to put her in office
Nope, you can't, and you can't expect it when some of those writers write for other publications that don't measure up to NewsGuard's standards either The reason this little incident shouldn't be let go of so soon is that it is one of the clearest demonstrations of the media's bias, which we all have, lies and propaganda
The status quo is not acceptable in Washington, and once people truly understand how deep the corruaption runs I believe that they will get motivated to finally drain the swamp once and for all So yes, I am going to share some things in this article that are truly disgusting, but the goal is to show you that it is time to take our government back from the corrupt career politicians that are completely and utterly out of control
Americans, and indeed the Russians themselves, are incapable of realizing it, but there is a chance that Trump will be overthrown and a Western assault will be launched against the handful of countries that insist on sovereignty I doubt that few of the Americans who elected Trump will be taken in by the anti-Trump propagana, but they are not organized and have no armed power
That was then With the Fourth Estate now on life support, there is a high premium on the fledgling Fifth Estate, which uses the ether and is not susceptible of government or corporation control
Another ground for deposition—as determined by the imperfect council, not any of us—would be that Bergoglio has deposed himself by promulgating heresy, fracturing the Church’s universal discipline respecting marriage and the Eucharist, and undermining the teaching of even his own immediate predecessors on matters of fundamental morality upheld by the Magisterium for two millennia Surely the Church cannot be without any remedy for a Pope who relentlessly attacks her very foundations!
” (August 9, 2014) “ This is a matter of life and death, and any complacency towards Islam is treasonous
That delay is facing scrutiny in the wake of Monday's discovery of a young boy's remains at the compound "They were dragging their feet
What of the New Testament? John the Baptist points out all of the evils of King Herod (Luke 3:19)
In this last regard, special mention should be made of the most notorious and highest in ranking case, that being the allegations of former-Cardinal Theodore McCarrick’s (oft-rumored, now very public) sexual sins, predation, and abuse of power The well-documented details of this case are disgraceful and seriously scandalous, as is any covering up of such appalling actions by other Church leaders who knew about it based on solid evidence
The spread of clerical sodomy has not respected national boundaries but rather extends throughout the Church under the eyes of a Vatican apparatus that is itself thoroughly infested with homosexuals This is thanks in large measure to Bergoglio, who made a flagrantly active homosexual, Monsignor Battista Ricca, “prelate of the gay lobby,” no less than head of his papal household
 Kirk discovered Ms  Powell’s unusual order in January 2004 and, over the past year, launched a series of behind-the-scenes moves that culminated in a blunt conversation with President Bush aboard Air Force One, the removal of the ambassador, and congressional approval for reinvigorating the hunt for Mr
They could and very likely will be extended indefinitely How many defenseless (unarmed) people are robbed, assaulted, accosted, beaten up, raped, wounded, paralyzed, or killed in a year’s time?
) But we are not fools
Nor must we join the neo-Catholics in their mindless applause when one of these incompetents attempts to repoint a brick or two in the crumbling façade they have erected to obscure the Church of old As for William (“nighty-night baby!”) Tobin, after McCarrick had arranged for him to become Archbishop of Newark, Tobin, another episcopal booster of Martin’s pro-homosexual propaganda, promptly sponsored a “gay pilgrimage” to his cathedral in Newark
Another student told my daughter that she and the first student and her adult friends are going to kill me and carve a satanic star in my chest and rip out my organs They then threatened to hang my 3-year-old and 1-year-old and kidnap my 14-year-old
Again, God bless Archbishop Hebda for this welcome statement, and may God grant him the courage now to finish the task by publicly reassuring the scandalized faithful that it’s not just abuse of minors or sexual harassment that’s going on here Our bishops must make it absolutely clear that the Church's moral theology on homosexuality will not and can not be trumped by the dictates of political correctness
The Democrat leadership collusion with Muslim spies is the biggest story of treason and espionage in the recent memory, and yet for month after month the media has refused to cover it Instead, they’re so hellbent on destroying President Trump that they have directed all their energy to retailing Soviet fictions and titillating porn stories
” “Perhaps it doesn’t bother the Belgian Prime Minister that there are no-go zones in many Western European cities, or that people with immigrant backgrounds have committed 27 major terrorist attacks in Europe recently, but this bothers the V4 because they do not want to live on a continent were the threat of terrorism becomes an everyday regularity," he continued
However, it is now absolutely clear that immigration, and immigrant displacement of American workers, cannot be jawboned away The only answer is legislation— border wall to stop the illegal alien flow; a second Operation Wetback, including E-Verify, to get the illegal alien self-deporting; a moratorium on legal immigration
And Dan Fishback is flooding the media with #BDStears There's an outbreak of them at anti-Israel hate sites like the New York Times and the Forward
She left, and then she quit her job She left, she found another job
Conspiracy: Muslim Photographer & Nation Of Islam Hid Photos Of Obama With Farrakhan Since 2008 The left-wing enemedia worked as furiously to cover up, censor and sanction Barack Hussein Obama’s jihad and violent left-wing connections as they do to manufacture and make up lies to destroy President Trump
I am going to share some things with you in this article that are deeply disturbing, but it is for a purpose The status quo is not acceptable in Washington, and once people truly understand how deep the corruaption runs I believe that they will get motivated to finally drain the swamp once and for all
00 (as of 05:50 EDT - Details) The former editor of the Guardian, Alan Rusbridger, called the WikiLeaks disclosures, which his newspaper published in 2010, “one of the greatest journalistic scoops of the last 30 years”
S  Embassy officials in Moscow that he was going to deliver classified information to the Soviet Union, which was America’s sworn Cold War enemy (and former World War II partner and ally), U
Does he believe that all Catholics must follow the rules of the Church pertaining to the Sixth Commandment or just the straight Catholics?
According to Breitbart, she illegally destroyed ballots Three statewide races in Florida are headed to a recount and all depend on results from a county whose supervisor of elections has a history of losing ballots and breaking laws by allowing illegal immigrants and felons to vote, as well as illegally destroying ballots
We don’t know to what extent Kavanaugh was Trump’s choice and to what extent he was manipulated into choosing him We have plenty of evidence that Trump is easily manipulated by those around him, and that Kavanaugh is a good fit for Trump’s biases: The judge has Ivy League credentials and he passes Trump’s cut-of-his-jib test by looking the part
We’ll see soon enough if Goldstein’s prediction comes true The Left’s Show Trial for Kavanaugh
McCarrick, 88, faces a trial at the Vatican and has been barred from saying public Mass Catholic bishop purges the names of his predecessors from church buildings for failing to protect children
Nonetheless, Mitchell’s questioning came across at times as perfunctory, leading many observers to conclude that Republicans threw away a valuable opportunity by using her as a stand-in She failed to lay a glove on a witness whose implausible, internally contradictory story cried out for vigorous cross-examination
!” My acceptance from the reading of this document of the Church’s orthodox eucharistic doctrine was based in part on Pope Paul’s gracious and beautiful exposition, and in part on the sheer radical, mad unlikeliness of it
” By contrast, Barack Obama and his obsequious acolytes were besotted by the prospect of forging détente with the despotic mullahs of the Islamic Republic
With this story, it has done what it regularly does when supposedly vital western foreign policy interests are at stake – it simply regurgitates an elite-serving, western narrative Its job is to shore up a consensus on the left for attacks on leading threats to the existing, neoliberal order: whether they are a platform like Wikileaks promoting whistle-blowing against a corrupt western elite; or a politician like Jeremy Corbyn seeking to break apart the status quo on the rapacious financial industries or Israel-Palestine; or a radical leader like Hugo Chavez who threatened to overturn a damaging and exploitative US dominance of “America’s backyard”; or social media dissidents who have started to chip away at the elite-friendly narratives of corporate media, including the Guardian
To make matters worse (if that is even possible), evidence has surfaced that indicates that a bishop, as well as some priests and laity, had brought the allegations about misconduct with seminarians to the attention of Church authorities but to no avail: Archbishop McCarrick was nonetheless “promoted” to become the archbishop in our nation’s capital, and elevated to the College of Cardinals While I realize that it is not always easy to evaluate the credibility of those bringing allegations, and that there’s often a tendency to believe those we know over those we don’t, I don’t think that the Church in the United States will rest — and confidence will be restored — until the matter is independently investigated and explained, and assurances are given that there are safeguards in place to make sure that something like this couldn’t happen again
I don’t know of another book like it With all that is happening today, it is CRUCIAL that people (especially Christians) become familiar with the truths contained in this book
The Mueller probe saw several within Trump's orbit indicted, but not Trump’s family or Trump himself Some notable figures who have pleaded guilty in charges stemming from Mueller’s investigation are Trump’s former personal attorney Michael Cohen, Trump’s former campaign chairman Paul Manafort, and former White House National Security Adviser Michael Flynn
Trump is Not The Solution, We Are Things are getting pretty ridiculous, but they’re too late
” The letter then demands that the agencies brief the Gang of Eight before releasing the materials “to anyone at the White House
How inconvenient that during a global prelate homosexual coverup scandal, the 2018 Synodal Bishop Conferences are exploring for ways during the Synod to discuss ways in which homosexual youths want to be “closer” to the Church! How inconvenient that since 2013 during Francis’ impromptu airplane presser when he cleverly sent a powerful message to homosexual clerics, “Who Am I to Judge,” now Francis must judge the criminal predatory conduct of homosexual clergy and prelates who preyed on youth and seminarians
13:2-4) Sufficient of itself to expiate every sin which the children of Adam could ever commit, the execution of the Man-God nevertheless did not abolish the penalty of death
Sandro Magister recently published a piece on his website that listed in dizzying detail the many times, in only the last few months, that pope Francis has falsified with obvious intention, the words of Christ in Scripture and the teaching of the Church Of course this would be of little interest to secular journalists, who have paid no mind to his habit of rewriting Catholicism, but the sex abuse crisis is something secular journalists are very interested in, a fact Bergoglio seems not to have understood
Ma’am, you lied to me, didn’t you? You lied to me, didn’t you?
As to matters of purely ecclesiastical law such as this one the Church has always allowed for departures from traditional practice in cases of emergency or grave necessity And just as a synod was employed to address three rival claimants to the papal throne in 1046, declaring at least two of them deposed, so today might it be possible for reform-minded cardinals and bishops, comprising an imperfect council, to undo the incalculable damage caused by the cabal that lobbied for Bergoglio’s election before the last conclave—a cabal that included none other than McCarrick, whom Bergoglio rewarded by rehabilitating that monster despite the massive evidence of his unspeakable crimes
” (CFP) Is it any wonder Habib Powell was a major White House source of the negative leaks to the enemedia?
According to Carlson: In her email, Mario touts Google’s multi-faceted efforts to boost Hispanic turnout in the election
The military/security complex acting through the politicians and presstitutes that it owns and controls has turned the normal everyday responsibility of the President—one acknowledged and acted upon by every previous president—to defuse tensions that could lead to nuclear war into a high crime President Trump is accused of treason for trying to make peace!
” There is much, much worse about Omar
“When the Trump Administration inexplicably gave the green light to distribute on the internet blueprints of 3D-printed, untraceable ghost guns, it needlessly endangered our children, our loved ones and our men and women in law enforcement,” Becerra said in a statement “The Trump Administration’s actions were dangerous and incompetent
~~~ Given this incredible picture of a Carmelite Order in the last rattle of its death throes, the rest of the summaries of speeches given at the meeting in Avila read as outright surreal, leaving us to wonder if any of these people are attached in any way to reality
They would have posed real genuine questions of Sheriff Lombardo and forced him to stumble all over himself in answering them The words “conspiracy theorists” are being bandied about
Inspector General Horowitz again emphasized form and process over substance in finding a “troubling lack of any direct, substantive communication” between Comey and Attorney General Lynch ahead of Comey’s July 5 press conference on Clinton and his October 28 letter to Congress Attorney General Lynch’s infamous tarmac meeting with Bill Clinton was discussed in the report, but mostly in the context of how it affected Comey’s decision to go rogue, so to speak, in making his July 5th announcement without prior approval from the Justice Department
Following an interview with the FBI in 2012, he destroyed all evidence of the pictures, meaning the Naval Criminal Investigative Service could not confirm his claims that he did not share the photos with unauthorized people “It was a foolish mistake by a very young man,” Saucier’s lawyer, Greg Rinckey, said
Whether or not justice involves the resignation of the most wayward Pope in Church history, the inevitable season of justice will culminate in the triumph of the Immaculate Heart of Mary and the Church’s restoration This will be a final victory over the enemies within and their apologists, such as Faggioli, who, in typical neo-Catholic style, imperiously scoffs at the notion of “a young clergy marked by personal sanctity but also by a fascination for a mythical Middle Ages” and busies himself defending an unsalvageable mass of corruption he dares to describe as “a Church-world relationship based on a principle of reality
Unbelievable! Sharia New Mexico: Islamic compound jihadis RELEASED on bond after charges of “Islamophobia” and “racism” (Islam is not a race)
The committee also voted against Senator Richard Blumenthal (D-CT) and his motion to subpoena Mark Judge before the committee While Democrats appeared stunned, specifically self-professed sexual assaulter Cory Booker and Kamila Harris, that they were in the minority and couldn't control things despite eight years under the Obama regime where Republicans were subjected to far worse, the vote carried and Kavanaugh will be voted on in the US Senate
The settlement was approved by a federal judge Becerra’s statement, “it needlessly endangered our children, our loved ones and our men and women in law enforcement,” is preposterous left-wing political argle-bargle
A Virginia court later ruled that Jamal’s statement about his marital status on the certificate was wrong “Why is that even relevant?” Bacon said of Jamal’s misstatement at the March 7 court date
“Those cases are going to be haunting this papacy and really causing a rift in the major protection of children that Pope Benedict had worked very hard to really build up,” she said “Trust within the faithful and to put in a system that was going to root out the predators
But a judge requested a second series of tests, which determined that the Malian immigrant was not able to stand trial, 20 Minutes reported Wednesday “We do not understand the determination and procrastination that consistently seeks to turn this killer into a demented person, when he is a murderer whose presumed detention doesn’t even hide his hateful anti-Semitism,” CRIF’s Francis Kalifat wrote
Article posted with permission from The Free Thought Project Dallas Police Attempt to ‘Smear’ Botham Jean Over Tiny Bit of Weed and they Failed, Miserably
Straight reporting? You must be kidding me?
“Most parents homeschool for more than one reason,” Ray told the paper “But when we ask families why do they homeschool, near the top nowadays is concern about the environment of schools, and that includes safety, pressure to get into drugs, pressure to get into sexual activity
” “I have done what I believe God wanted me to do,[1]” he said
“Neither attorney has made their clients available for interview The committee can't do an investigation if attorneys are stonewalling
Ron Paul, former senator and the libertarian voice of reason, said when Jones was purged: “You get accused of treasonous activity and treasonous speech because in an empire of lies the truth is treason,” Paul told the Russia-based news outlet
Philippians 2:7-9 These are those that sit behind the status of some sort of church or political leader of the pack
" State Democratic Party legislators who backed the bill said it was necessary despite the "poison pill" of allowing more guns in schools under the guardian programme
For 1800 sum odd years And by the way, everywhere they were scattered, they were persecuted, hated, treated badly
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reports on documents they obtained which claims that the adults were training these children to carry out mass shootings in schools The documents claim Siraj Ibn Wahhaj and his co-defendants conducted weapons training at the camp where they were found Friday with 11 children in allegedly “third world” conditions
Sofian Zakkout’s bigoted and radical agenda is antithetical to this and is a documented threat to national security His presence on the boards of both organizations constitutes an obscene travesty
 Harris’s emails detailed several of her actions as a member of the Judiciary Committee, including her questioning of the president’s pick for the high court, and asking for contributions The Senate's own rules prohibit this kind of behavior, but will the Senate hold these women to the standard they've set?
At one point, one organizer told Patel he was being disrespectful When asked for closing remarks, Patel responded: “I’m a generation older than all of you I know comedy,” and called the organizers incorrect in ending his set
For five decades we played the Anglican game; as long as we don’t talk about it, there isn’t a problem Ottaviani’s Holy Office and schema were the last gasp of the old Church – and as de Lubac said above, it was killed by Joseph Ratzinger
And if we complain about it, they call us racists and Islamophobes But I say, no more!
This is virtually the same road map that the US has followed in Iraq, Libya, Syria, and so on The results have been unmitigated disaster after disaster
34 (as of 10:15 EDT - Details) From here relations between the two nuclear powers deteriorated rapidly As I and Stephen Cohen have emphasized, the danger of nuclear war is today far higher than ever during the long Cold War as there is today no trust whatsoever between the two governments
Many people were tortured and were starved to death there […] “The Jews were banished, tortured, and annihilated because of their deeds
No, this change in the Church began one century before [the Council] Pope Pius VI said during the French Revolution that if the Church continues to remain under the influence of the prince of the revolution, then, in the future a crisis will come upon the Church
” Nor do the notes mention Kavanaugh’s name, even though her husband says Ford named Kavanaugh in the sessions Those are important discrepancies, and if six years ago she told the therapist four men and says two men now, that suggests that her memory of the event may be suspect
While the debate rages anew over familiar topics following such tragedies — tougher, more restrictive gun control laws and bolstering security at public schools — the revolution in homeschooling has been taking place quietly, behind the scenes and off the radar screens of most political organizations But again, it’s not just the shootings, which admittedly have increased in the past couple of years
Canon212 has linked to an interesting and timely piece on the role of the Synod of Sutri, near Rome, in 1046, which dealt with the problem of three rival claimants to the papacy, each installed by a Roman faction: First, the execrable Benedict IX, mentioned above Second, the interloper Sylvester III, installed in the Chair of Peter after Benedict had been driven from Rome
Article posted with permission from The Washington Standard CNN's Don Lemon Contradicts Himself In Just One Sentence: "We Have to Stop Demonizing People ... White Men, Most Of Them Radicalized"
Trump expresses sympathy for Reality Winner, whose mom asks for pardon ATLANTA — The record-setting prison  given to Reality Winner has caught the attention of President Donald Trump, who used it to take another dig at Attorney General Jeff Sessions
In my new book The History of Jihad From Muhammad to ISIS , I detail many instances in which Muslims did exactly that In 1013, Berbers from North Africa entered Spain and took Córdoba in 1013, they began massacring Jews, and initiated a wholesale slaughter of Jews in Granada
Hillary is still walking free Two guys on my ship did the same thing and weren’t treated as criminals
He stood up to challenge the fact that the CIA was about to hand over leadership to a person who had been in charge of torture It is both shocking and surreal, which of course the Julian Assange case is as well
A Georgia arrest warrant accused the boy's father, Siraj Ibn Wahhaj, the imam's son, of kidnapping the child Authorities said the father at some point told his wife he wanted to perform an exorcism on the boy, who cannot walk, suffers seizures and requires constant attention because of a lack of oxygen and blood flow at birth
But it’s a simple truth: he’s a heretic Everyone knows he’s a heretic because we have heard him trumpeting in his blatant heresies from every rooftop he could find for decades
I have been unable to determine the race of Quentin’s wife--the domestic violence victim The fact that there was a wedding makes me think she’s white
Muslim Crime Stopper Sofian Zakkout's New Crush: Anti-Semite Pastor Steve Anderson For nearly two millennia, Jews have suffered persecution after persecution at the hands of those who used religion as a vehicle for hate and even mass murder
Orban has taken a tough stance in Hungary He has ordered all illegal Muslim invaders to get out of Hungary and never come back
When an apostolic visitation, compelled by mounting public pressure, confirmed the charges against Pineda, he was forced to resign, even as Maradiaga dismissed the incontestable proofs against him as “slander ” Viganò notes that “the only thing that has been made public is that his resignation has simply been accepted, thus making any possible responsibility of his and Maradiaga vanish into nowhere
Take notice: the future is ours and not yours We will defeat you politically, because we, my friends, we are the people
When I am elected to Congress, I am going to make fighting this sort of predatory behavior a top priority We are supposed to serve as an example to the rest of the world, and instead, we have become a bad joke
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use At the Hammonds’ original sentencing, the judge noted that they are respected in the community and that imposing the mandatory minimum, 5-year prison  would “shock the conscience” and be “grossly disproportionate to the severity” of their conduct
Rabbi Reuben Poupko, the co-chair for Quebec of the Centre for Israel and Jewish Affairs, said it should be noted McGill in general is a safe space for Jewish students However, he said any Jewish students thinking of being involved in student politics or activism “will have encounters that are profoundly disturbing and unpleasant
Much of this is about self-defense The more Trump is investigated, the less he can investigate, reform or implement changes to the swamp
“This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further Bob Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 Angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to USA!” Trump wrote
Her daughter was told to sit in the computer lab for that half-hour and read a book Bypassing the class left her vulnerable to bullying
If you remember, it was those same people who called for the crucifixion of Christ while crying out “We have no King but Caesar” (John 19:15) Do these that teach such heresy not realize that every apostle, except John, was killed by hostile corrupt civil authorities opposed to their endeavors?
When, at his very first Angelus address in 2013, Pope Francis told the crowd how much he loved the writing of Walter Kasper, quite a lot of us who had spent many years watching the Vatican started understanding where we were all headed with the new pope Jorge Bergoglio might have been unknown to the larger Catholic world, but Walter Kasper was a celebrity heretic, the media-savvy frontman for the “ultra-liberal” “wing” of the post-Vatican II Church
Like Luke Harding, Higgins invariably seems ready to echo whatever the British and American security services need verifying “independently” Higgins and his well-staffed website Bellingcat have taken on for themselves the role of arbiters of truth on many foreign affairs issues, taking a prominent role in advocating for narratives that promote US and NATO hegemony while demonising Russia, especially in highly contested arenas such as Syria
And despite her realization that she has no authority over immigration policy, or that she will just be overruled, Saris again reaches, basing her assumption of authority over immigration based on the past Obama Regime Administrative Amnesty , when illegal aliens weren't deported Kritarch Saris is in the wrong on both counts; she has neither authority over the detention of illegal aliens nor any authority to continue the Obama Regime Administrative Amnesty
com/HZf3LBeAgk — Mike Tokes (@MikeTokes) October 29, 2017 Slowly but surely we are beginning to see the truth about the horrific attack come to light despite authorities desperately trying to prevent it from reaching the American people
Most recently, on October 30th, Crux quoted him under the headline, “Cardinal Muller backs Pope Francis against critics of ‘Amoris Laetitia’” in which the former head of the CDF has at last climbed on board the Kasperian train on reception of Communion for unrepentant adulterers Signaling furiously with the trendy FrancisChurch buzzwords and even trendier blithering incoherence, Muller writes that “mitigating factors in guilt,” can lead, couples in “an uncertain marital situation” through a “path of repentance” – always “accompanied” by an exquisitely sensitive confessor – to a point where the reception of Communion is no longer sinful
 politics have indeed been coarsened, with Trump playing a lead role Yet, beneath the savagery of the uncivil war in the party lies more than personal insults and personality clashes
AL 303 teaches that conscience will come to recognize that God is asking for a step in the right direction away from sin Pope Francis explains this again in AL 305 when he says “a small step, in the midst of great human limitations, can be more pleasing to God than a life which appears outwardly in order, but moves through the day without confronting great difficulties
“The Mueller report delivery suggests no more indictments are coming from the Special Counsel If that’s true, it would mean we just completed 2 years of investigating ‘Russian collusion’ without ONE collusion related indictment
 Mueller III The tweet early Wednesday was the president’s most explicit post or statement to date seemingly aimed at getting his attorney general, the nation’s top law enforcement officer, to end the probe
Scores of doctors and nurses have been struck down with the disease, which is predicted to gather momentum in the coming weeks and there are growing fears hospitals will be unable to meet the illness’ burden Official figures reveal at least 2,034 people have been infected with the “medieval disease” so far in what has been described as the “worst outbreak in 50 years
Graham warned fellow GOPers about voting against the nomination “To my Republican colleagues, if you vote no, you're legitimizing the most despicable thing I have seen in my time in politics
We can only hope that no one dies because of her folly “Breaking: Judge makes stunning decision in Muslim compound case after charges of racism,” by Carlos Garcia, The Blaze, August 13, 2018 (thanks to Robert): In a hearing Monday, a New Mexico judge found that suspects in a bizarre child abuse case were not a danger to the public, and released them on bond
In response to cops claiming to find a tiny bit of weed, she pointed out that there was also a homicidal cop inside too His apartment also contained an off duty homicidal cop
GoFundMe has also banned Spencer because of a smear by the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) hate machine Speaking of Mastercard, the David Horowitz Freedom Center just recently won a major battle with the credit card, defeating well-financed leftwing groups that are trying to run the Center out of business and suffocate free speech in America
Depending on an alien’s criminality, an alien who re-enters the United States after having been previously deported commits a felony punishable by up to 20 years in federal prison, if convicted “Our dedicated officers strive to make our communities safer by arresting convicted criminal aliens and removing them from the United States despite the reckless sanctuary policies that are currently in place in Cook County that put our communities at risk,” said Ricardo Wong, field office director of ERO Chicago
” “The Jews don’t like Farrakhan, so they call me Hitler
Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller Horrifying Details Released: 2 Jihadi Muslims At Deadly NM Islamic Compound Hit With New Charges
I am tired of sin And, as one who has tried — despite my many imperfections — to lay down my life for Christ and His Church, I am tired of the regular violation of sacred duties by those entrusted with immense responsibility from the Lord for the care of His people
That’s because he failed to conclude his article with one great big important point about former CIA Director Richard Helms What is that great big important point that Shapira, who, according to his tagline on his article, “enjoys writing about people who have served in the military and intelligence communities,” left out of his article?
” The Catholic Church appears to have adopted that statement as its policy regarding Muslim persecution of Christians “Leave them; they are blind guides
She thought she was decider-in-chief on who gets deported And all on the flimsy excuse that the aliens need another bite at the apple, despite the clear fact that the Indonesian government had long ago quashed the ethnic riots directed against the market dominant minority of Chinese and the religious motivated violence against Christians
On Nov  16, 2016, the brothers made a video of his bedridden father signing over ownership — but not changing the beneficiary — of his life insurance policy to Abid
There were remains of a 4-year-old boy found there, who allegedly died while they were performing some sort of Islamic ritual over him The Bundys and their supporters got nearly two years in jail and no one hurt a single person!
Authorities are also investigating whether or not Kazi was suffering from any mental health issues Here again, this is just more of the general refusal to acknowledge the 800-pound gorilla sitting in the living room and screaming “Allahu akbar
Health officials suspect it’s no coincidence that the outbreak coincides with the time of year when families customarily exhume the remains of dead relatives, wrap them in a sheet, and dance with them through the streets in a sacred ritual, AFP reports “If a person dies of pneumonic plague and is then interred in a tomb that is subsequently opened for [the ritual], the bacteria can still be transmitted and contaminate whoever handles the body,” said Willy Randriamarotia, Madagascar’s health ministry chief of staff
Every time Mass is celebrated, the priest prays that Jesus will “look not on our sins but on the faith of [his] Church…  ” That’s been an important prayer for me in the time that I have been serving this archdiocese, well aware of our sins but equally aware of the strong and vibrant faith of this local Church
Of course, as with the number of illegal immigrants entering our county, the Feds downplay the actual number which always ends up to be more than quadruple their stated number What we seem to have here with the illegal immigration situation today is some very good actors on the Left accusing the Trump Administration of being cruel and insensitive with separating children from their families once they cross the Mexican border into the US
Appearing on CNN’s “Reliable Sources” this Sunday, ABC’s former White House correspondent Sam Donaldson made the claim that Jim Acosta and CNN had already filed a lawsuit against the Trump administration over the White House’s decision to revoke the reporter’s press pass It appears that CNN is setting the wheels in motion for a lawsuit against the White House for removing the press credentials of Jim Acosta following a tense incident Wednesday during a news conference at the White House
This report was originally published by Tyler Durden at Zero Hedge While the mainstream media has largely ignored it, the scandal surrounding Russian efforts to acquire 20% of America’s uranium reserves, a deal which was ultimately approved by the Obama administration, and more specifically the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) which included Hillary Clinton and Eric Holder, is becoming more problematic for Democrats by the hour
Read the Archbishop’s words for yourselves and note well the ring of truth that resonates in every sentence This is clearly the testimony of an honest man who has only the good of the Church in his heart—a modern-day Athanasius standing against something so much worse than Liberius
Growing US hysteria over North Korea, a nation of only 25 million, recalls the propaganda storm launched by Washington to justify its invasion of equally small Iraq The dim-witted US ambassador to the UN, Nikki Haley, has become point-woman for hurling warlike threats at North Korea even though this neocon poster-girl’s foreign affairs experience appears to have been limited to the International House of Pancakes in her native South Carolina
Orban has conflated the issue of immigration with the image of Soros, 87, whose name was used in a tough anti-migrant bill sent to Parliament on Wednesday Soros, for his part, compared Orban unfavourably to both the Nazis and the Communists, saying his rule evoked dark tones from the 1930's -- when Hungary was allied with Nazi Germany -- and was more oppressive than Cold War Soviet occupation
After the Parkland school shooting, had Donald Trump simply used his bully pulpit to promote arming teachers and school employees as a deterrent and defense against these school shootings without calling for more gun control, it would have been a HUGE boost for the Second Amendment in general and school safety in particular Instead, Trump fell in with anti-Second Amendment liberals and started calling for more gun control, adding “mental health” restrictions to gun purchases and making his stupid Stalinist statements about taking guns first and worrying about due process later
First, he suggested it was simply evidence of the Guardian’s long-standing (and well-documented) hostility towards Assange “The Guardian, an otherwise solid and reliable paper, has such a pervasive and unprofessionally personal hatred for Julian Assange that it has frequently dispensed with all journalistic standards in order to malign him
Other than that, they have liberals and neo-cons running rampant Many were surprised to discover that Fox News not only is supporting lying CNN and lying Jim Acosta, but they are even going so far as to file an amicus brief with the US district court over the White House's revoking of Acosta's press pass
Then, only when he was forced by the media, and a revolt by the Chilean victims and faithful, did he recognize his error and apologize, while stating that he had been misinformed, causing a disastrous situation for the Church in Chile, but continuing to protect the two Chilean Cardinals Errazuriz and Ezzati On the very day Archbishop Viganò’s testimony was made public, Sandro Magister summed up the entire state of affairs in the Church universal after decades of unrestricted homosexual migration into the hierarchy, to which Bergoglio has contributed mightily: “From the seminaries, to the clergy, to the bishops, to the cardinals, homosexuals are present at all levels, by the thousand
Soros, who expatriated from Hungary, also funded Orbán’s political organization, the Alliance for Young Democrats But Orbán’s defense of conservative values has led to breaking ties with Soros, whom he now criticizes as a foreigner meddling in his country’s affairs
There may be a few gestures of disarmament but Kim must know that his nukes are his means of survival In case Kim didn’t remember the dire fate of Iraq, Libya, and Syria, Trump’s new national security advisor John Bolton, a fanatic’s fanatic, cheerfully recalled the doom of Libya’s murdered Col
The Catholic Church is following Pope Francis’ lead, and Francis has said: “Christian terrorism does not exist, Jewish terrorism does not exist, and Muslim terrorism does not exist They do not exist
Once the bacteria is resistant, the Madagascar healthcare system will be overwhelmed, and the disease will have control of the nation According to the Daily Mail, Madagascar’s healthcare system will be unable to cope if the deadly plague outbreak continues to escalate, a scientist has warned
They may have believed that they were supplying the correct information, but they still should not have altered official documents without verifying that they were right, which they weren’t It is yet to be determined whether the federal investigation will find Democratic ineptitude or deception in this case
Most recently, on October 30th, Crux quoted him under the headline, “Cardinal Muller backs Pope Francis against critics of ‘Amoris Laetitia’” in which the former head of the CDF has at last climbed on board the Kasperian train on reception of Communion for unrepentant adulterers Signaling furiously with the trendy FrancisChurch buzzwords and even trendier blithering incoherence, Muller writes that “mitigating factors in guilt,” can lead, couples in “an uncertain marital situation” through a “path of repentance” – always “accompanied” by an exquisitely sensitive confessor – to a point where the reception of Communion is no longer sinful
’ Glazov believed that the article was more relevant and urgent than ever due to the skyrocketing jihadist stabbings in Europe — and to the 17th anniversary of 9/11 that was approaching the next day The report said it appears “that daring to give suggestions on how our civilization can stop jihadist attacks and another 9/11 is against Facebook’s ‘community standards
But after watching a week of post Singapore summit between Great White Father Trump and delinquent Kim Jong-un I must totally agree with the Economist What was billed as a second-coming extravaganza between the two leaders – who have been trading insults of ‘little rocket man’ and ‘dotard’ (someone who is senile) turned out to be a very expensive photo op for both publicity seekers that made much noise but produced very little – at least so far
Sadly, many of Judge Kavanaugh’s haters have thrown that rule aside If Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination is pulled as a result of the smears and character assassination, President Trump should immediately nominate someone on his short list such as Amy Coney Barrett and the Senate Republican majority should then push through the new nominee’s confirmation as soon as possible
This is not my opinion Everything else is just noise
Vichy Media Their main weapon would be personal smear
This was done, over Ottaviani’s futile objections, and new documents were rapidly cobbled together by a coalition of German and French “progressives” who rejoiced that they had, in effect, seized control of the Council from that moment, before it had even started It has since been revealed that it was Joseph Ratzinger – the maverick “progressive” academic theologian Frings had brought to Rome as his secretary – who wrote that speech
As Miller put it, she was “directly involved in its controversial interrogation program” and had an “extensive role” in torturing detainees Even more troubling, she “had run a secret prison in Thailand” — part of the CIA’s network of “black sites” — “where two detainees were subjected to waterboarding and other harsh techniques
“That email was subsequently forwarded by two Google VP’s to more staff members throughout the company,” says Carlson, adding “In her email, Mario touts Google’s multi-faceted efforts to boost Hispanic turnout in the election She noticed that Latino voters did record-breaking numbers, especially in states like Florida, Nevada and Arizona – the last of which she describes as “a key state for us
A CIA official who would tell falsehoods, even under oath, whenever he felt that “national security” required it Shapira failed to note that Helms was convicted in a federal district court of lying to Congress under oath about another CIA regime-change operation ten years after the Kennedy assassination in Chile
 market, get a strong hold on our uranium, and without a doubt we knew they were using political levers to try to get their way here We are talking about control, like this document says, they are trying to gain control of our markets
At the very least, she should be fired for this But then again, as we’ve reported already this week, Amber Guyger is subject to a different set of rules than common citizens, which apparently includes keeping a paycheck after admitting to killing an unarmed, innocent, pillar of society, Botham Jean
 Farage, are we to think about the Muslims who consider themselves and their religion to be at war with us? Nigel Farage has become just another mainstream hack politician
– Bishop Robert Morlino This is what a courageous shepherd looks like!
Even before that testimony, however, the fall of McCarrick and the Pennsylvania grand jury report had already presented a Sisyphean task to neo-Catholic apologists for the decrepit Novus Ordo status quo and the ill-starred Council that launched its installation Yet there is little doubt they will continue the same polemic that for nearly sixty years has doggedly defended every one of the ruinous “reforms” that have resulted in a debacle without equal in Church history, even considering the Arian crisis of the 4th century
Meanwhile, it would be dangerous, suicidal folly for Infidels to pretend that Ramadan is not the month of jihad And as our Ramadan willful blindness continues, more Infidels will die
But while it yielded to Mr  Acosta — whose testy questions had touched off Mr
Alex Bastian of the San Francisco prosecutor’s office told reporters the verdict “was not the one we were hoping for,” but the Steinle family could be forgiven for any reasonable doubts about the prosecution “We’re just shocked — saddened and shocked 
The whole of Latin America, including Argentina, was well aware of what was happening when this case broke in Chile in 2010, Yore noted, and yet the Pope continues to shrug his shoulders and say he has no information This was precisely what he’d been saying when he was cardinal and archbishop in Buenos Aires, she said, that no one ever came forward with information, and there were never any cases of clerical abuse in the entirety of the two-million-plus member Archdiocese of Buenos Aires
He said authorities should not have made that claim without stronger evidence The mosque has attracted radicals over the years, including a man who later helped bomb the World Trade Center in 1993…
And Ms  Ford may be overestimating the integrity of the "supportive" lawmakers and lawyers currently handling her
Not likely at all! Instead, it is a virtual certainly that when Art of the Deal Trump sent out those two tweets, he was sending a message to the CIA as part of the negotiations: Give me what I want or I will release the records
In February 2016, Zakkout publicized on his Facebook page a bizarre Duke report, titled in part ‘Dr David Duke Exposes the Real Racist Jewish Supremacists Who Orchestrate the Destruction of European Mankind…’ Above the posting, Zakkout wrote of Duke, “I respect him for his honesty!”
For there is no power but of God: the powers that be are ordained of God Whosoever therefore resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance of God: and they that resist shall receive to themselves damnation
We will not be gagged anymore No more tyranny
” The area in East London includes the famous Tower Bridge and Canary Wharf, but the ban does not appear to be enforceable The current Labour mayor, John Biggs, complained that President Trump “doesn’t applaud diversity [and] doesn’t respect the culture of others and doesn’t respect women”
This form of the pneumonic plague is airborne, easily spread by a cough or a sneeze, and has been responsible for two-thirds of all infections this year The bubonic form of the plague, responsible for the “Black Death” in the 14th century strikes the country each year and infects around 600 people
Chiodi’s sole “authority” for this lie from the pit of hell is nothing more than Chapter 8 of AL, the only document of its kind in the entire history of the Church AL will doubtless be providing cover for a whole new line of Authentic Magisterium® products, all of which will be utter fakes, including some form of “pastoral integration” of homosexual unions
With Cardinal Marx and others promoting “blessings” for “same-sex unions” are we going to be seeing an escalation of it? I have seen a veritable chorus of Catholics on social media declaring that if Paul VI is canonised, their loss of faith in the Church as an institution will be complete
The grand jury's findings, including allegations against more than 300 priests accused of sexual abuse dating back to 1947, will likely be released this month after the state Supreme Court gave the green light The Catholic Church is already reeling over the revelations that former Washington Archbishop Theodore McCormick, who resigned as a cardinal over the weekend after being sanctioned by Pope Francis, has been credibly accused of sexually abusing at least two boys decades ago
Everything that has happened has been in complete and perfect continuity between the Before Church and the After Church; there has been no rupture or break with the past All changes undertaken by religious houses were perfectly legitimate and good - “fruitful” if, perhaps, a bit “intense” – and have been made in “light of the teachings” of Vatican II and “changed socio-cultural conditions
We are doing just fine!” @Theresa_May, don’t focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom
This timeless truth of human nature is one that we moderns can’t seem to accept We reflexively assume that a rational accommodation or concessions will be reciprocated by those proven to be ready to use any means necessary to achieve their aims, no matter how amoral, unfair, or vicious
Common Cause, a nonpartisan group, claimed in the suit that Kemp, while secretary of state, failed to maintain “the security of voter information despite known vulnerabilities” leading up to the midterm The suit blasted the state’s “provisional ballot scheme,” that could disenfranchise a registered voter at the ballot box
It is only to be expected that materialists—for whom the immortal soul does not exist and who believe that this present life of the senses on earth is the only one man has—should be reluctant to punish anyone by killing him In their eyes this means total extinction, a penalty certainly in excess of any transgression of which he may be guilty
Would Ted Cruz and police officers be following this same narrative if the roles were reversed? If it was Botham Jean, a black man, walking into the apartment of Amber Guyger, a white female cop, and killing her—would police and Ted Cruz simply write it off as a tragic accident?
Two countries, both the result of exterminating the native populations, distrusted and universally hated, both of which survive by purhasing the governments of other countries and by endless lies that describe everyone but themselves and their vassals as evil criminals that must be destroyed For example, the Gaza Strip, the largest concentration camp ever in the world, is being systematically destroyed along with all life within it by Israel under cover of the obvious and transparanent lie that all within Gaza are terrorists outfitted with bomb belts who are committed to the destruction of Israel
” This student, who is known to me but whom I cannot name because she is a minor, has given students our address and is encouraging them to come to my home over this whole thing Another student told my daughter that she and the first student and her adult friends are going to kill me and carve a satanic star in my chest and rip out my organs
Another Republican who wants to stop investigating is former RNC Chair, Michael Steele: “There is no Spygate because there are no spies in the campaign ” The attitude of Steve Scalise is wishy-washy
— The Associated Press (@AP) August 8, 2018 People can continue to put their heads in the sand all they want to because they know "nice" Muslim people, but the fact of the matter is that the history of Islam is anything but nice, polite, just or holy 
As Disobediant Media notes (emphasis in the original): While most readers with functional critical thinking capacity may readily dismiss the Guardian’s smear on its face, the fact that the Guardian published this piece, and that Luke Harding is still operating with even the tiniest modicum of respect as a journalist despite his history of deceit, tells us something bone-chilling about journalism
“He never even told me that he owned a gun,” continued the shooter’s neighbor, adding that Paddock did not express any religious or political opinions during their conversations “I’m not a big conspiracy theory guy, but it don’t sit right,” said Rick, before making the extraordinary claim that the whole shooting was a “set up” and that Paddock’s body may have been left in the hotel room while other assailants carried out the shooting
The book is “The Meaning of THE HOLY QUR’AN,” a version of the Quran that was banned by the Los Angeles public school system, in February 2002, for containing numerous anti-Semitic commentaries In it, Jews are described as: “arrogant,” “jealous,” “selfish,” “spiteful,” “greedy,” “cursed,” “apes and swine,” and “under divine displeasure
Sen  Bob Corker is another summertime soldier calling on colleagues to stand and fight Trump while he retires to Tennessee
There, we have nothing to forbid,” says Harant He sees himself in this in union with Pope Francis who himself says in his magisterial document Amoris Laetitia that “each person, independent of his sexual orientation, is to be respected in his dignity and welcomed with respect
Excuse me Maike, but I don’t think this is a parenthetical issue Is it any wonder that so many Catholics have become disaffected?
They were likely prompted by the start of the trial on Tuesday of Paul Manafort, Trump’s former campaign chairman, on 18 charges of tax evasion, bank fraud and conspiracy “This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further
Anti-jihadist activist Pamela Geller praised Orban for his honesty and wrote, "At last, a politician who speaks the truth about the Muslim invasion of Europe And while Orban is right that these are 'economic migrants,' they are also 'Muslim invaders
Thus, we clearly gauge that there is no disgusting and venomous level to which the Left will not stoop in its destructive agenda Yes, Frontpage editor Jamie Glazov has had his ban lifted at Facebook, but this is clearly only a brief reprieve for him on that platform -- and it is only, obviously, a very tiny space in the Stalinist Left's war on America and on everything on which it stands
Let’s start with the Cardinal who will lead the upcoming Synod, none other than Cardinal Kevin Farrell, Prefect of the Dicastery for Laity, Family and Life As the DC roommate and protege of Ted McCarrick, Farrell so respected McCarrick, the Molester, that he fashioned his Coat of Arms as a tribute to Uncle Ted
The 13-year-old also told the FBI that his mother believed she received messages from God, and that he watched her and Ibn Wahhaj perform supposed “exorcism” rituals over the three-year-old boy, including one during which the boy choked and his heart stopped, according to the special agent’s affidavit The teenager said his mother and others at the compound told him not to talk to anyone about the three-year-old ever being at the compound because they would “all go to jail
But to be clear, in the specific situations at hand, we are talking about deviant sexual — almost exclusively homosexual — acts by clerics We’re also talking about homosexual propositions and abuses against seminarians and young priests by powerful priests, bishops, and cardinals
Advertisement This is a lovely suggestion, and one that I’m not entirely unsympathetic to
Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban Calls For Global Anti-Migrant Alliance Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban who has been at the forefront in Europe in standing against illegal immigration and the invasion of Muslims into his country has called for a global alliance to stand against the migrant invasion
During the event, Patel’s performance featured commentary on his experience living in a diverse area of New York City—including a joke about a gay, black man in his neighborhood—which AAA officials deemed inappropriate Patel joked that being gay cannot be a choice because “no one looks in the mirror and thinks, ‘this black thing is too easy, let me just add another thing to it
Has Trump Opened the Door? Sagacious gun owners have always known that the ultimate goal of gun control extremists such as Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, Dianne Feinstein, et al
The book is “The Meaning of THE HOLY QUR’AN,” a version of the Quran that was banned by the Los Angeles public school system, in February 2002, for containing numerous anti-Semitic commentaries In it, Jews are described as: “arrogant,” “jealous,” “selfish,” “spiteful,” “greedy,” “cursed,” “apes and swine,” and “under divine displeasure
And what of the infamous Instrumentum Laboris, drafted by the crafty Cardinal Baldisseri, Secretary General of the Synod of Bishops, noteworthy of the infamous First Synod on the Family? Known for his manipulative polls and magical modernistic results, Baldisseri infamously stated that “dogma has its own evolution
Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer Foolish Religion Author Gary Wills: ‘The Religion of the Qur’an Is a Religion of Peace’
As a result, anti-gun liberals all over the country are using Trump’s own words and proposed gun control policies as a rallying cry to enact gun confiscation laws As it stands right now, Donald Trump has opened the door for more damage being done to the Second Amendment than any other president, Democrat or Republican, in our lifetime
Consider Bush-Obama "open borders" brought in tens of millions of Third World peoples, legally and illegally, to rising resistance from Americans forced to bear the economic and social costs
All they would need to do is download a computer file and use a 3-D printer to stamp out a gun No background check would weed out felons, those with mental illness, domestic abusers or possible terrorists
S  government [and] the mockery it made out of the Constitution and all of the wrongdoing that was done by various officials within the Department of Justice, the FBI and the DNC [Democratic National Committee]
These lessons of history should suffice to dispel the pious fable, never a teaching of the Magisterium, that every Pope is chosen by the Holy Ghost to lead the Church This theological error, which Bergoglio has exploited to the hilt, is a key element in the related error of papalotry, which elevates the person of the Pope above the office he occupies and makes of him the leader of a personality cult everyone is commanded to “love” (in the superficially emotional sense) and obey no matter what he says or does, rather than a custodian and defender of the Deposit of Faith whose lovability, personality and opinions are utterly irrelevant to the exercise and scope of his office
Pope Francis' praise of the episcopal guidelines clearly answers the cardinals' query concerning his intention in Amoris Laetitia VIII, so will Cardinals Brandmuller and Burke now proceed to issue the formal correction of it? As reported in The Dictator Pope—a remarkable new book which provides an inside look at the most tyrannical and unprincipled papacy of recent history—English Cardinal Cormac Murphy O’Connor who was largely responsible for the vote canvassing behind Francis' election told journalist Paul Valley in 2013, "Four years of Bergoglio would be enough to change things
And the matter didn’t end in 2010 Emails published in Chile in 2015 showed that Cardinal Errázuriz also blocked the appointment of Juan Carlos Cruz from the new child protection commission – a group plagued by such scandals and eventually ignored to death by Francis
" Senator Lindsey Graham Unleashes Firestorm At Democrat Senators For "Most Unethical Sham" Since He's Been In Politics
With never-Trump conservatives bailing on the GOP and crying out for the Party of Pelosi to save us, some painful truths need to be restated The Republican Party of Bush I and II, of Bob Dole and John McCain, is history
You don't drain the swamp by appointing the swamp And Powell is one of the worst swamp creatures in D
 Ford should have the burden to prove her accusations by at least a preponderance of all the evidence presented This charade must come to an end
Border Patrol statistics for May are not yet available April data showed illegal immigration had rebounded dramatically, after running below the previous year’s level for most of 2017
It is not Notice the late pope does not say, “Let the practicing homosexuals have a spiritual home among your faithful,” as Father James Martin and his episcopal fans are at least implying on a regular basis in the media
“That’s just one segment of what goes on in our world The world is so much bigger than Farrakhan and the Jewish question and his position on that and so forth
The Guardian’s coverage of Latin America, especially of populist leftwing governments that have rebelled against traditional and oppressive US hegemony in the region, has long grated with analysts and experts Its especial venom has been reserved for leftwing figures like Venezuela’s Hugo Chavez, democratically elected but official enemies of the US, rather than the region’s rightwing authoritarians beloved of Washington
Travelers are being warned to keep their distance from areas of Madagascar affected by the bubonic plague As the outbreak worsens, some doctors are even warning that “no one is safe” from the disease
, the Soviets) and Cubans and entering into peaceful coexistence with the communist world In other words, unlike Lee Harvey Oswald, who had absolutely no motive to kill President Kennedy, the national security establishment did have motive, a powerful motive, the same motive that motivated the CIA and Pentagon to target other political leaders for regime change or assassination around that time, such as Mohamad Mossadegh, Jacobo Arbenz, Patrice Lumumba (who Kennedy admired), Fidel Castro, and Salvador Allende
The fakery of Russia-gate, the collusion of a corrupt media and the shame of a legal system that pursues truth-tellers have not been able to hold back the raw truth of WikiLeaks revelations They have not won, not yet, and they have not destroyed the man
Zilch Sebastian Gorka is crucially correct, therefore, when he recommends a national counter-propaganda campaign that involves a two-part approach: the first being the bolstering of efforts to define our enemy (Steps #1 and #4 above) and, second, the strengthening of our allies and partners in their own counter-propaganda efforts – which must include our empowering of Muslims who are trying to form an anti-Jihadist version of Islam
Ford “really doesn’t want to testify,” he said “Because when she does, she is going to look like the loon she is
The reason this little incident shouldn't be let go of so soon is that it is one of the clearest demonstrations of the media's bias, which we all have, lies and propaganda It should be used over and over in article after article to remind people about the total dishonesty and complete disregard for reporting the facts by outlets such as CNN and to not blindly trust self-proclaimed fact-checkers who will not tell you the truth either
And yet it’s inescapable Even as the Myers scandal continues to simmer, the AJHS partnership with JVP is making the choice painfully clear
CBS News reports that Judge Kavanaugh's wife, Ashley Kavanaugh, has received multiple threats “The text of three emailed threats, obtained by CBS News, were obscene and violent in nature
8 Bring Counter-Jihadists into the Government
” So, as Fastiggi and Goldstein would have it, all the tumult triggered by AL is just a misunderstanding caused by uninformed people who haven’t consulted the Latin text—including those ignorant Vatican translators
The files are in the public domain -- you cannot take them back," Wilson told CBS Gun control groups nevertheless were relieved by the judge's decision, with the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence calling 3D-printed firearms "nothing short of a menace to society
This persistence of Mary about the dangers which menace the Church is a divine warning against the suicide that would be represented by the alteration of the faith, in her liturgy, her theology and her soul… I hear all around me innovators who wish to dismantle the Sacred Chapel, destroy the universal flame of the Church, reject her ornaments and make her feel remorse for her historical past
While Kavanaugh may be an ostensible supporter of the Second Amendment, his record indicates that he all but cannot stand the Fourth and he’s not that big a fan of the First either While the allegations against Kavanaugh should certainly be investigated — no matter how they are being spun by the left and the right — he shouldn’t even be in this position based solely on his previous record
Some of which have now been deleted as mentioned above Trump is Not The Solution, We Are
Oliveira said that police seized 60 AK-47, AR-10 and G3 rifles Barbieri had sent to Rio’s international airport last May to supply drug traffickers operating in Rio de Janeiro slums He also said that the arms trafficking operation had been dismantled with Barbieri’s arrest
“The Church is in its pastoral care bound to Holy Scripture and to its interpretation through the Church’s Magisterium,” wrote Cordes “Marx does not even mention that homosexuality always contradicts the Will of God,” citing church teaching through the centuries
Ladies, you demand to be believed, no matter what Well, when every time there's a man that you don't like running for public office or being nominated for a position, some woman crawls out from a line of protesters and makes an ambiguous-at-best claim about unwanted sexual advances, it becomes increasingly difficult to take you seriously
What possible motive would the Ecuadorean government have for facilitating secret unrecorded visits by Paul Manafort? Furthermore it is impossible that the intelligence agency – who were in charge of the security – would not know the identity of these alleged “Russians”
But the Iraqi Kurds went ahead Now they have lost Kirkuk and its oil, and their dream of independence is all but dead
After a monthlong backlash about that interview, largely in conservative media, Mr  Davis said in a statement to Forward on Thursday that “I reject, condemn and oppose Minister Farrakhan’s views and remarks regarding the Jewish people and the Jewish religion
Meanwhile, it would be dangerous, suicidal folly for Infidels to pretend that Ramadan is not the month of jihad And as our Ramadan willful blindness continues, more Infidels will die
And it was McCarrick who obtained the cardinal’s hat for his roommate of six years, Kevin Farrell, whom he consecrated a bishop Farrell, yet another promoter of Martin’s homosexual activism, arranged for Martin to “welcome ‘gay’ families” at the “World Meeting of Families” in Dublin from which Bergoglio has just returned
But they don’t want it to stop For many in Congress, having so many attractive young women around is one of the key benefits of the job
And now this, finally, a bishop with the courage to look the beast in the eye and speak its name out loud Bishop Morlino does this in a moment when he is under heavy attack as a “hater” for defending the Church’s teaching on marriage—an attack, by the way, which prompted us here at The Remnant to join the fight to DEFEND BISHOP MORLINO last year
It skewers them Why, just look at how they call Julian Assange a traitor and he isn’t even an American
 Danny Davis defended Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan as an “outstanding human being” on Monday Farrakhan’s history of racially extreme comments includes blaming Jews for the September 11 attacks, saying white people “deserve to die” and praising Adolf Hitler as a “very great man
They can damage parts of the ear such as hairs that pick up sounds, but again it is reported that large equipment would be needed for such an attack Other theories behind the health issues in Cuba include the use of electromagnetic weapons, which can target highly-focused energy at potential victims
“My case was usually something handled by military courts,” Saucier said “They used me as an example because of [the backlash over] Hillary Clinton,” he continued, alleging his life was ruined for political reasons
Additionally, Carlson also noted during the initial broadcast of the private surveillance footage that the owner of the camera was never approached by the FBI, who have so far never seen the footage, much less investigated it While we may never know what actually happened during the Las Vegas Massacre, the fact remains that the official story has been proven, time and time again, to be absolutely false and in fact nothing more than a pathetic attempt at a cover-up
In rating CNN, NewsGuard posts this nonsense I'm sure NewsGuard, Yemile Bucay, Anna-Sophie Harling and Amy Westfeldt need to update this in the light of the obvious lies and editing of the Acosta video and decades of documented, outright lies and propaganda by the Clown News Network, but you can't expect real transparency from an outlet like Newsguard whose writers aren't transparent about their own political bias, can you?
It is time for Democrats to reject the bigotry of these radicals and see them for the liability they present Failure to do so exposes the party’s liberal agenda as a sham
What would he think if he knew the anti-Israel purposes that CJH is putting his gift to? A third AJHS-JVP event featured Efrat Yerday, an anti-Israel activist, accusing Israel of racism
The US has been trying to overthrow and undermine North Korea’s Stalinist regimes ever since, using military threats, subversion and economic warfare Talk of US-South Korean plans to “decapitate’ North Korea’s leadership with missile strikes and commando raids keeps giving Pyongyang the jitters
Bishop Fischer’s support of the profession comes one week after Bishop Athanasius Schneider, auxiliary of Astana, Kazakstan, invited the world’s bishops to sign the document and join in raising a common voice in defense of the sanctity and the indissolubility of marriage “God decides the time, and the time will come when the Pope and the episcopacy again will proclaim, with all clarity, unambiguity and beauty, the sanctity of marriage, and of the family, and of the Eucharist,” Schneider told LifesiteNews in an exclusive Jan
 Conference of Mayors registers its strong support for extreme risk protection order laws and urges both states and the federal government to enact such laws," the group wrote They are fully in support of violating the Fifth Amendment rights of otherwise law-abiding citizens based on merely the fact that someone claims that a family member is a harm to themselves or others, even though they have not committed a crime
Is it any wonder that priests and laity alike are changing their attitude on the "gay lifestyle" and violations of the Sixth Commandment when so many bishops are working to remove the stigma attached to this sin that Scripture tells us cries to heaven for vengeance? The Catholic Church's new-found "climate of tolerance" is exactly what McCarrick and company are counting on!
New charges were filed against the devout (“extremist)” Muslims For years, the FBI and local law enforcement did nothing about this jihad compound, despite tips and numerous calls from concerned citizens
Cheng’s comments came after at least 171 people died in Madagascar over an outbreak of plague Nine countries were urged by the World Health Organisation (WHO) to prepare for a black death attack, at the end of October
By Jamie Glazov While the Obama administration continues to allow the Muslim Brotherhood to direct American foreign policy and, therefore, to implement “strategies” that render America defenseless in the face of Jihad and stealth Jihad, there are some alternative strategies that have the potential to turn this catastrophic situation around completely in America’s favor
 1, downloadable blueprints for 3-D-printed plastic firearms — so-called ghost guns — have rightly alarmed leading gun safety groups and law enforcement officials Credit for this dangerous scenario — in which getting an AR-15-style rifle is just a matter of a few computer clicks — goes to the Trump administration for its inexplicable decision to settle a lawsuit it was on the verge of winning
 Marine Corps by openly proselytizing for communism in New Orleans is able to saunter across the Cold War stage of history, not long after the McCarthy hearings, without nary a care in the world? The answer: Helms lied
Some of these norms, Schneider told LifeSiteNews, give “implicit approval” of divorce and of sexual activity outside a valid marriage Such a reading is causing “rampant confusion,” will spread “a plague of divorce” in the Church, and is “alien” to the Church’s entire faith and Tradition, the three bishops said in the profession
8% points for natives ADVANTAGE NATIVE-BORN 
Common Cause, a nonpartisan group, claimed in the suit that Kemp, while secretary of state, failed to maintain “the security of voter information despite known vulnerabilities” leading up to the midterm The suit blasted the state’s “provisional ballot scheme,” that could disenfranchise a registered voter at the ballot box
After that, Murillo says she cannot communicate with key organizers of the effort by Google and its partners—a project known as HOLA—because she is afraid of secret pro-Trump spies on the listservs created She also admits ongoing discussions among these people about meeting to give grieving Hillary Clinton supporters hugs after Trump crushed her on election day
And don’t forget, the old sorta, kinda moderate Democrats like Feinstein and Chuck Schumer, who now have joined the crowd of trendoid socialists armed with torches and pitch-forks, will go along because they’re frightened of their party’s increasingly rabid left-wing base What can we do to end these confirmation circuses?
Yes, the Nazi arrested people, asked them for ID, split up families and  then killed them all
I think it goes against most of the things President Trump campaigned on,” he said The lawmaker added that he can’t support Haspel, whom he described as having expressed “joyful glee” at being involved in torture programs in the past
54 Affiliation is a particular form of help that the Holy See establishes in particular situations in favor of the community of a monastery sui juris which has only an asserted autonomy, but in reality, very precarious or, in fact, non-existent 55 Affiliation is configured as a juridical support that must assess whether the inability to manage the life of the autonomous monastery in all its dimensions is only temporary or is irreversible, helping the community of the affiliated monastery to overcome difficulties or to put in place what is necessary to bring about the suppression of this monastery
Leaked emails published by WikiLeaks revealed that Hillary Clinton’s foundation – which she shares with her husband – received millions of dollars from Saudi Arabia and Qatar, the main backers of ISIS and terrorism across the Middle East As Secretary of State, Clinton approved the biggest arms sale ever — worth $80 billion — to Saudi Arabia, one of her foundation’s principal benefactors
For those who remember Cody Wilson, the man who began developing 3D printing files so that you could manufacture your own guns, there is good news out Cody finally won against the federal beast after intimidation tactics were performed against him by the Obama Justice Department
Chiodi’s sole “authority” for this lie from the pit of hell is nothing more than Chapter 8 of AL, the only document of its kind in the entire history of the Church AL will doubtless be providing cover for a whole new line of Authentic Magisterium® products, all of which will be utter fakes, including some form of “pastoral integration” of homosexual unions
Obviously, President Donald Trump is encouraging people to go out and vote against Democrats, which everyone should do At a rally of 8,500 in Indiana on Friday, Trump encouraged them to go out and vote Republican if they didn't want to be uttering the words "Speaker Pelosi" over the next two years
” How could Ryan possibly know this? Isn’t he prejudging the case without even finding out what actually happened?
They are doubling down and only after being called on it are they trying to backtrack Rich Penkoski is hardly the first to protest this egregious submission to the most vicious and brutal ideology on the face of the Earth
The caravan has been growing steadily since it left the violent Honduran city of San Pedro Sula on Saturday The migrants hope to reach Mexico and then cross its northern border with the United States, to seek refuge from endemic violence and poverty in Central America
But again, it’s not just the shootings, which admittedly have increased in the past couple of years Christopher Chin, head of Homeschool Louisiana, told The Times that parents are fed up with “the violence, the bullying, the unsafe environments
In fact, he believes Barack Obama got Russian help too While he was being confirmed as CIA chief, the former lawmaker lashed out at Russia for reasserting ” itself aggressively, invading and occupying Ukraine, threatening Europe, and doing nearly nothing to aid in the destruction and defeat of ISIS
Kritarch Saris thought she knew better and has been running a deliberate campaign to prevent the deportation of these Chinese illegal aliens And now she has gone full rogue, prohibiting the deportation of all these illegal aliens who already had their day in immigration court
Pamela Geller and I are banned from entering the country for the crime of telling the truth about Islam and jihad Meanwhile, Britain has a steadily lengthening record of admitting jihad preachers without a moment of hesitation
He found a narrative from British counter-jihad groups closely aligned with the alt-right, such as Britain First and the founder of the English Defence League Tommy Robinson ” The British counter-jihad movement is thus swept into the same group of violent extremists as Osborne, because Ganesh “knows” they encouraged him
“Their only defense was that the activities they described were either non-partisan or were not officially taken by the company,” Carlson said Monday night, describing Google’s official response to his requests for comment, before challenging the company’s response: “But of course they were both Plenty of people in Google knew what was going on and we haven’t seen any evidence anyone at Google disapproved of it and tried to rein it in
The Catholic Church's new-found "climate of tolerance" is exactly what McCarrick and company are counting on! It is truly homophobic for any bishop to lie to the gay community about this, and to risk the immortal souls of the sheep merely so that the shepherd might pride himself on occupying the politically correct high ground
A reminder that the Associated Press has an official policy of "not reporting race" when it's not "relevant" I can't think of anything less irrelevant than a black gunman shooting two white cops--after five years of the "Blacks Lives Matter" movement
“The only food We saw were a few potatoes and a box of rice in the filthy trailer,” said Hogrefe “But what was most surprising, and heartbreaking was when the team located a total of five adults and 11 children that looked like third world country refugees not only with no food or fresh water, but with no shoes, personal hygiene and basically dirty rags for clothing
Releasing instructions for their manufacture, which now only circulate on the dark Web, will lead directly to the loss of more innocent lives The administration should stop the State Department from going ahead with this foolhardy move, and Congress should act to plug the loopholes that these guns are designed to take advantage of
 Military and CLOSE OUR SOUTHERN BORDER!” Trump wrote on Twitter “Hopefully Mexico will stop this onslaught at their Northern Border,” he added
Punish the voting public for electing Trump Never underestimate the power of the swamp's spite
But the real irony here is that the media labeled Paul Joseph Watson and Infowars as "conspiracy theorists" and yet, PJW has exposed their blatant conspiracy to smear President Trump, Sarah Sanders and the White House aide And Jim Acosta believes he and CNN deal with facts and Infowars doesn't
FrontPage Magazine reported: Facebook’s Unholy Alliance masters are, without doubt, accelerating their totalitarian suffocation of free thought and expression
Thanks again for all your help and support in this effort In the next paragraph, Murillo again openly admits she was not “objective” when it came to the election
“We are gratified with this result and we look forward to a full resolution in the coming days,” a CNN representative said in a statement “Our sincere thanks to all who have supported not just CNN, but a free, strong and independent American press
It goes against everything the Green Party stands for We are not violent
It was also why he was sent to Mexico City, where he would be ordered to visit the Cuban and Soviet Embassies, no doubt being told that he was being prepared for an important mission, maybe to enter Cuba to assassinate Castro But no government operation ever goes perfectly
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Abid’s attorney James Bacon mocked the elderly, burka-clad widow, who does not drive and speaks only Uurdu
Sister writes that this was rejected “years ago” by Carmelite monasteries as undue interference The religious assistant will have unprecedented powers
And Ms  Ford may be overestimating the integrity of the "supportive" lawmakers and lawyers currently handling her
Haig said he's received death threats since the search warrant documents were released Tuesday "One woman (was) screaming through my door that I should be killed and I should die," he told reporters at Friday's news conference
More than 100 Russian individuals and companies have been sanctioned for a variety of reasons Despite the hysteria of the left, it is impossible to see the Trump administration as anything but firm in its dealing with Russia
It was one of the most brilliant and cunning ruses in history They get the body out of Parkland by force, in violation of Texas law, and put it in the hands of the military in Maryland, which conducts a secret fraudulent and bogus autopsy
Instead, I understand the indictment they are trying to concoct reads like a charge of espionage! It’s so ridiculous
As he explained, “I think I was a product of affirmative action,” and ethnic preferences doubtless played a role in admission to Stanford Law School In San Francisco, Gonzalez became known as “The Great Left Hope,” and a hero to Bay Area radicals
Being the paragon of political-correctness and queen of virtue-signaling opportunism, Hillary Clinton sat down with Recode’s Kara Swisher this weekend to answer questions about just how evil and awful conservative opponents have been in the last few months The conversation began normally, with Clinton hypocritically toeing the progressive line of identity politics by explaining how each of the groups are different but can be managed by the same liberal movement:
 government not treason? Other Presidents have been incompetent, corrupt, dishonest, but which has committed treason on a scale to rival the treason of Barack Obama?
UK Bans Free Speech Activists While Admitting Numerous Preachers Of Jihad Violence, Hatred & Sharia The banning of free speech activists Martin Sellner and Brittany Pettibone from the UK is just the latest of many, many examples of how the British government bans foes of jihad terror while admitting its proponents
Two law enforcement sources told CNN in October that Paddock, during the massacre, fired incendiary bullets at a 43,000-barrel fuel tank on the grounds of nearby McCarran International Airport in what investigators believe was a failed attempt to cause an explosion Haig did not mention the incendiary rounds -- which are meant to ignite what they hit -- in Friday's news conference
ZMapp show “promise,” although scientific results are not definitive The risk of Ebola spreading within Congo is “very high,” according to authorities, and the disease could also move into nine neighboring countries, the World Health Organization has warned
“Do not distance yourself from the great lines of the Second Vatican Council ” “In fact, those that are distancing themselves from the council to make another path are killing themselves – sooner or later, they will die
What possible motive would the Ecuadorean government have for facilitating secret unrecorded visits by Paul Manafort? Furthermore it is impossible that the intelligence agency – who were in charge of the security – would not know the identity of these alleged “Russians”
This is important as most actual "refugees" drop everything to flee their homelands if they are under threat of death Tellingly, these asylum applicants were the elite of Indonesian society, because their higher average IQ, than the rather dull Indonesians
Clearly, homosexuality was part of the reason God destroyed the two cities The men of Sodom and Gomorrah wanted to perform homosexual gang rape on the two angels, who were disguised as men
If they wanted something on the guy, why don't they bring up his involvement in the Vince Foster cover-up? Now, that would be something to really look into, but not with the corrupt DOJ and FBI we currently have
Guyger then called 911 from her cellphone and started performing first aid She turned on the lights, then went to the front door again and realized the apartment wasn't hers, the affidavit says
Sociology You really don't need to know anything
Make your own the act of faith and complete confidence in Christ Jesus, our Savior, of Saint Paul in his second Letter to Timothy, Scio cui credidi, which I choose as my episcopal motto This is a time of repentance, of conversion, of prayers, of grace, to prepare the Church, the bride of the Lamb, ready to fight and win with Mary the battle against the old dragon
New Horizons is only the fifth man-made spacecraft to ever travel beyond the outer planets, and many of its activities are setting distance records, according to NASA In December it successfully carried out the most-distant course-correction manoeuvre ever, with the mission team guiding it towards a close-encounter with a KBO scheduled for 1 January 2019
©2018 Los Angeles Times, Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC The radical leftist gun grabbing anti-liberty California General Xavier Becerra is lying when he says the “Trump Administration inexplicably gave the green light to distribute on the internet blueprints of 3D-printed, untraceable ghost guns
I’ve been praying that prayer even more earnestly in these past weeks as the Church in the United States has once again come face-to-face with its sins, with reports that former cardinal Theodore McCarrick, one of the most prominent Churchmen in the United States in the last quarter century, has been accused of abusing two minors and sexually harassing or assaulting a number of seminarians and young priests To make matters worse (if that is even possible), evidence has surfaced that indicates that a bishop, as well as some priests and laity, had brought the allegations about misconduct with seminarians to the attention of Church authorities but to no avail: Archbishop McCarrick was nonetheless “promoted” to become the archbishop in our nation’s capital, and elevated to the College of Cardinals
We must no longer subsidize the malpractice of the architects of ruin Nor must we join the neo-Catholics in their mindless applause when one of these incompetents attempts to repoint a brick or two in the crumbling façade they have erected to obscure the Church of old
Mr  Portman said in a statement Tuesday night that “the Obama administration misled the American people and Congress because they were desperate to get a deal with Iran
Dr  Fastiggi’s inapt citation to Canon 751 and his clumsy and insulting questions about my “standing in the Catholic Church” and whether I am “refusing submission to the Roman Pontiff” demonstrate a pronounced lack of comprehension of pertinent ecclesiological and theological basics, and a rather embarrassing lack of rhetorical finesse
The order by Judge Kelly is a temporary one that lasts for 14 days “I will say this, look, nobody believes in the First Amendment more than I do and if I think somebody is acting out of sorts I will leave," Trump continued
And employ Operation Mockingbird-like journalistic assets in the private sector to flood the market with alternative “conspiracy theories” to confound and confuse the public And smear anyone who questions the official narrative as a “communist sympathizer” or a “conspiracy theorist
Homeschooling rates are skyrocketing as parents are continually getting more and more upset at the leftist social engineering taking place in public schools The indoctrination is getting so bad, that some parents are even concerned about liberal violence against those who reject the brainwashing
It dwells deep in our hearts – each and every one of us The Prince of this World has made a grand display of his authority in the last few centuries
As Comey has admitted, several e-mail chains concerned matters that were classified at the Top Secret/Special Access Program level when they were sent and received by Clinton Coupled with her agents’ destruction of thousands of e-mails that had been subpoenaed by Congress, Hillary’s conduct was criminally reckless at the very least, if not constituting willful intent to commit an act she knew was wrongful
IN MAY 2013, the Washington Post’s Greg Miller reported that the head of the CIA’s clandestine service was being shifted out of that position as a result of “a management shake-up” by then-Director John Brennan As Miller documented, this official — whom the paper did not name because she was a covert agent at the time — was centrally involved in the worst abuses of the CIA’s Bush-era torture regime
“Islamophobia,” Leftists insist, is a much greater issue This is the result: Useful Idiots such as Kyrsten Sinema end up promoting the likes of Lynne Stewart, who was convicted of aiding the jihad mass murder plotting of the Blind Sheikh, Omar Abdel Rahman, who masterminded the 1993 World Trade Center
” God’s inexhaustible mercy, indeed Wills’ peaceful fantasy Qur’an raises one massive question that the author does not and cannot answer: if the Islamic holy book is really as peaceful and benign as Garry Wills makes it out to be, why do so very many Muslims worldwide misunderstand it?
Here's the thing, while this is making major news, you should be reminded that for decades, at least 22 verified Islamic jihadi camps have existed on American soil under the watchful, or maybe not so watchful, eye of the FBI, including one in the very country I reside in within eyeshot of a nuclear power plant Political correctness needs to be thrown out the window when dealing with those who take the Quran's teachings seriously and actually are devout, not radical, followers of Muhammad
Critics quickly said that Trump was providing an excuse for the Saudi leaders, and participating in a cover-up That seemed to set the stage for Saudi officials to find a way to explain away the alleged shocking death
The UK is frightened of the Islamists, and by being frightened into submission, they are being complicit in the crimes of the devout Muslims there My speech at the #FreeTommy protest yesterday
He drank excessively at these parties and would grind against girls and try to take their clothing of, she said Swetnick claimed to have been gang-raped at one of these parties in 1982 as a result of consuming a spiked drink that contained “Quaaludes or something similar
[Editors' note: To best understand why Facebook would ban Jamie Glazov on 9/11 in the first place, pre-order Jamie's new book, Jihadist Psychopath: How He Is Charming, Seducing, and Devouring Us: HERE The book illustrates how the Jihadist Psychopath has, with the help of the Left, successfully built his totalitarian plantation in the West -- on which the political and cultural establishment is now enslaved and dutifully following his orders
Francis and Farrell’s 'Sinod' on the Youth, #StopThe Synod2018 During the last 5 years of this papacy, Francis and his Synodal Schemers masterfully manipulated, rigged, and exploited the synodal process
Speaking of Mastercard, the David Horowitz Freedom Center just recently won a major battle with the credit card, defeating well-financed leftwing groups that are trying to run the Center out of business and suffocate free speech in America The Freedom Center emerged victorious, but it is clear that leftist hate groups such as the SPLC and Color of Change
Removing one’s children from government schools seems a rational response to school shootings School shootings are not the only form of violence causing more parents to consider homeschooling
Previously only voluntary and consultative, federations will now have the power to supervise and guide the formation of candidates, nuns and of their formators, as well as possess broad powers over temporal goods of individual monasteries and powers of suppression The document makes it inarguable that the federation’s main role will be to establish and monitor for conformity to a particular programme – the “intense and fruitful path” of the Church since 1965 – both within the various orders and between them:
Paul told CNN’s “State of the Union” and CBS News’ “Face the Nation” on Sunday that he would do "whatever it takes," including a filibuster, to block the confirmations of Mike Pompeo to head the State Department and Gina Haspel to run the CIA “You really want a diplomat to be in charge of the State Department, not someone who is advocating for war,” he told “Face the Nation
PROOF: The LVMPD And FBI Failed To Catalog At Least One Deceased Las Vegas Massacre Victim As Death Toll Rises In what can only be described as gross negligence or a massive cover-up of the truth, the F
A year ago an important Moon of Alabama piece - From Snowden To Russia-gate - The CIA And The Media - mentioned Harding: The people who promote the "Russian influence" nonsense are political operatives or hacks
This passage envisions some of the disbelievers becoming Muslim, and then turning away again, whereupon the Muslims are told to “kill them wherever you find them ” God’s inexhaustible mercy, indeed
Like the rest of the neocons, he either doesn’t get it or doesn’t want to get it In a recent speech to the MeK – a violent Islamist-Marxist cult that spent two decades on the US terror watch list – Giuliani promised that the Trump Administration had made “regime change” a priority for Iran
They’re neither “far-right” nor “Islamophobic”; they’re just factual Once again the media are blaming the messenger instead of dealing with Islamic violence
The Trump administration is taking real actions designed to weaken Russia and force Putin to change his aggressive behavior The Trump administration has levied tough sanctions on Russia
MJM In fact, five years after the resignation of Pope Benedict the Catholic faithful mostly want to know why; why would a pope – a man with decades of up-close-and-personal experience of the “filth” in the Curia and throughout the church – suddenly just decide to quit?
” After conquest came dhimmitude, the subjugated status that the Qur’an mandates for “the People of the Book” (primarily Jews and Christians)
No more hiding under your school desks or in dank basements As Trump grandly proclaimed, Americans no longer have to fear North Korea and can sleep peacefully at night!
The teenager said his mother and others at the compound told him not to talk to anyone about the three-year-old ever being at the compound because they would “all go to jail ” Defense lawyers have said that the five adults were exercising their constitutional rights to practice their religion and own firearms, and that the group is being discriminated against because they are black and Muslim
Wikileaks opened a fund to support the lawsuit A day after the Guardian smear piece the Washington Times reported that Manafort's passports, entered into evidence by the Mueller prosecution, show that he did not visit London in any of the years the Guardian claimed he was there to visit Assange
Magisterium by majority vote or stuff the ballot box The only compelling “expression of the Church’s pastoral concern for the young” belongs in the full and transparent cooperation of criminal investigations into predatory homosexual predation
Fox News reports: “The wrongful revocation of these credentials violates CNN and Acosta’s First Amendment rights of freedom of the press, and their Fifth Amendment rights to due process,” CNN said in a statement
With this story, it has done what it regularly does when supposedly vital western foreign policy interests are at stake – it simply regurgitates an elite-serving, western narrative Its job is to shore up a consensus on the left for attacks on leading threats to the existing, neoliberal order: whether they are a platform like Wikileaks promoting whistle-blowing against a corrupt western elite; or a politician like Jeremy Corbyn seeking to break apart the status quo on the rapacious financial industries or Israel-Palestine; or a radical leader like Hugo Chavez who threatened to overturn a damaging and exploitative US dominance of “America’s backyard”; or social media dissidents who have started to chip away at the elite-friendly narratives of corporate media, including the Guardian
From, among other sources, George Soros and his Open Society Foundation tentacles And, to no one's surprise, she's allegedly a Dem donor
Similarly, Obama-era national security officials seem determined to use the harshest possible language to attack President Trump I think their strong words and hysteria are driven by their own guilt
Stephen Vladeck, a University of Texas law professor, agreed that Sessions cannot stop the Russia investigation given that he recused himself “The president, intentionally or not, is misdirecting his ire,” Vladeck said
Ellison is a totalitarian-minded individual, who has been supported by Communists and Islamists alike As the old saying goes, "If you like down with dogs, you're going to get fleas
Now, we are learning what one of the men was attempting to do with these children He was attempting to brainwash and train these kids to carry out school shootings
For though unpleasant, it is not unfair to say that if there was one desire common to Bernie Sanders, Ted Cruz and Donald Trump voters, it was be rid of the regime resting on top of all of us Should Trump fall, and a restored establishment attempt to reimpose the old policies, there will be a truly uncivil war in this country
Conroy warned it is inevitable that the plague will spread due to the vast movement of people across the globe “I believe that it’s 100 percent likely that plague will arrive in the UK once more – it’s just a question of ‘when’, not ‘if’
8% points for natives ADVANTAGE NATIVE-BORN 
Donald Trump was elected on the promise of protecting the Second Amendment (among other things) Instead, he has become the poster boy for one of the most egregious gun control machinations of all: gun confiscation
Finally, we have one question – what would have happened if Trump said it? As The American Mirror’s Kyle Olsen concludes so eloquently, Hillary Clinton appears to benefit from her progressive privilege – it is the only thing that protects her from getting the ‘Roseanne treatment’, and not being dismissed in disgrace
Let’s start with the Cardinal who will lead the upcoming Synod, none other than Cardinal Kevin Farrell, Prefect of the Dicastery for Laity, Family and Life As the DC roommate and protege of Ted McCarrick, Farrell so respected McCarrick, the Molester, that he fashioned his Coat of Arms as a tribute to Uncle Ted
I can also state without exception that no one in my years in Newark ever told me that they were improperly touched by Archbishop McCarrick, and no one ever told me that they had to share a bed with him or that they had seen anyone share a bed with him I heard lots of gut-wrenching stories in my two-and-a-half years there, but none of them involved Archbishop McCarrick
2 Undermine President Trump and prevent him from implementing reforms
” He adds that “you have to appeal to white guilt
“Anonymous letters with no name and no return address are now being treated as national news ” Taking a shot at Stormy Daniels attorney Michael Avenatti, Hatch said “porn star lawyers with facially implausible claims are driving the news cycle
November 29, 2018 This Guardian Fake News Story Proves That The Media Can't Be Trusted
” Trump alleged in a morning tweet series that the former FBI director is “Disgraced and discredited,” claiming his staff amounts to nothing more than a “group of Angry Democrat Thugs
We have to ask Is it simply a coincidence that Tommy Robinson is now in prison, and that a “researcher” who presents such a misleading account of Robinson is currently actively engaged in consultation with Oxford University and the European Union in advising how to disrupt Robinson’s activities, reinforcing the lies and misrepresentations about him to those in power?
The center of my testimony was that since at least June 23, 2013, the pope knew from me how perverse and evil McCarrick was in his intentions and actions, and instead of taking the measures that every good pastor would have taken, the pope made McCarrick one of his principal agents in governing the Church, in regard to the United States, the Curia, and even China, as we are seeing these days with great concern and anxiety for that martyr Church Now, the pope’s reply to my testimony was: “I will not say a word!” But then, contradicting himself, he has compared his silence to that of Jesus in Nazareth and before Pilate, and compared me to the great accuser, Satan, who sows scandal and division in the Church — though without ever uttering my name
He found a narrative from British counter-jihad groups closely aligned with the alt-right, such as Britain First and the founder of the English Defence League Tommy Robinson ” The British counter-jihad movement is thus swept into the same group of violent extremists as Osborne, because Ganesh “knows” they encouraged him
Politico allowed "a former CIA officer," writing under a pen name, to suggest - without any evidence - that the Guardian has been duped - not by its MI5/6 and Ecuadorian spy sources, but by Russian disinformation: Rather than being the bombshell smoking gun that directly connects the Trump campaign to WikiLeaks, perhaps the report is something else entirely: a disinformation campaign
With this story, it has done what it regularly does when supposedly vital western foreign policy interests are at stake – it simply regurgitates an elite-serving, western narrative Its job is to shore up a consensus on the left for attacks on leading threats to the existing, neoliberal order: whether they are a platform like Wikileaks promoting whistle-blowing against a corrupt western elite; or a politician like Jeremy Corbyn seeking to break apart the status quo on the rapacious financial industries or Israel-Palestine; or a radical leader like Hugo Chavez who threatened to overturn a damaging and exploitative US dominance of “America’s backyard”; or social media dissidents who have started to chip away at the elite-friendly narratives of corporate media, including the Guardian
She went on to write that she thinks the incorrect date was used because whoever sent the cure affidavit mixed up the deadline for cure affidavits with the deadline for provisional ballots But, she said, “a bigger problem is the fact they actually changed one of the DOE forms
Second, the interloper Sylvester III, installed in the Chair of Peter after Benedict had been driven from Rome Third, the well-intentioned but dimwitted Gregory VI, whose election was tainted by a seemingly simoniacal negotiation with Benedict, who had returned to Rome in 1045 and ousted Sylvester, according to which Benedict would receive a generous pension if he resigned the papacy, which Benedict did only to rescind his resignation
First of all, the figure of six million is a historical lie In addition, claiming that it happened to the Jews alone excludes the non-Jews who were tortured by Hitler
Compared to his other jokes, ones specifically targeting sexual orientation audibly receive less laughter from the crowd Patel pushed back on the officials’ remarks, and said that while he stood in solidarity with Asian American identities, none of his remarks were offensive, and he was exposing the audience to ideas that would be found “in the real world
(source) Nicholas Bernabe of The AntiMedia is another alternative journalist I consider a friend and support wholeheartedly
" All very well and good, except for the fact that the Church's constant and unchanging moral teaching on this makes no such allowance
Pilger adds: “No investigative journalism in my lifetime can equal the importance of what WikiLeaks has done in calling rapacious power to account
“The President has broad authority to regulate access to the White House, including to ensure fair and orderly White House events and press conferences We look forward to continuing to defend the White House's lawful actions
Francis has proclaimedpreposterously that “authentic Islam and the proper reading of the Koran are opposed to every form of violence ” Wills’ book accords well with the present-day Catholic Church’s head-in-the-sand posture toward Qur’an-based Islamic jihad violence and the Muslim persecution of the ancient Christian communities of the Middle East
” Conservative Ben Shapiro told Fox news the verdict was “horrifying
The Fifth Commandment later delivered to Moses, “Thou shalt not kill,” therefore dates from adamic times, when it operated as God’s exclusive prerogative, allowing no exceptions Although men certainly continued to kill one another in a society which in fact became so wicked "that all the thought of their heart was bent upon evil at all times," they did so as murderers, outside God's law without legal right
Apparently, They Think We are Fools As Pope Francis continues his five-year-long tirade against the imaginary Catholic Pharisees who defend the Church’s teaching on the indissolubility of marriage and the integrally related Eucharistic discipline—he is still at it as of yesterday (January 9)—he and his collaborators are busily engineering neo-Pharisaical escape hatches from the negative precepts of the divine and natural law emanating from the Sixth Commandment
To defend his position that remarried persons should be able to receive communion, Faggioli invoked the case of Germany, where 50 percent of Catholic marriages end in divorce For Faggioli, the implication is that at least 50 percent of German Catholic children never see their parents receive communion and lose their faith because of it
We will stand strong and do our duty We will defend our civilization
org are preparing new attacks against the Freedom Center and other conservative groups and individuals 24/7 To be sure, the Left's attacks on the David Horowitz Freedom Center continue unabated: just recently a hit piece in the Washington Post smeared a stand-up noble gentleman like Florida Gubernatorial Candidate Republican Ron DeSantis, libeling David Horowitz in the process
A few weeks after Ford went public, and after Kavanaugh said he had dairies from that summer detailing his whereabouts, The New Yorker published Ramirez’s account of a drunken party filled with obscene drinking games where he exposed himself to Ramirez Given that the Democrats had made public in advance their intention to derail the hearings and confirmation by any means possible, the timing of both sexual assault charges reeks of premeditated contrivance intended to delay confirmation as long as possible
Qur’an 9:29); in justifying the execution of accused spies; and in its various videos ISIS also awarded $10,000 prizes and sex slaves in Qur’an memorization contests
It is against our faith Against our faith
pr, which provides daily updates on basic services on the island While there are still other problems as well, such as gas stations being slow to reopen, and roads getting badly damaged, the power grid’s utter annihilation in the category 4 winds is not just a temporary inconvenience
We cannot help but wonder if these trivialised responses reveal some deep flaw that we had never suspected before Could we have been wrong about him?
” In Alexandra, Virginia – the suburban home of America’s war-making elite — a secret grand jury, a throwback to the middle ages — has spent seven years trying to concoct a crime for which Assange can be prosecuted
Number one is justice The injustice done to this man is legion, both in terms of the bogus Swedish case and now the fact that he must remain in the embassy and can’t leave without being arrested, extradited to the United States and ending up in a hell hole
Leading brave conservative figures such as Michelle Malkin and Laura Loomer also stood up for Jamie, tweeting about his ban -- and to them we send our heartfelt appreciation Jamie is, of course, no stranger to social media censorship -- especially of the insane variety
Given that the Democrats had made public in advance their intention to derail the hearings and confirmation by any means possible, the timing of both sexual assault charges reeks of premeditated contrivance intended to delay confirmation as long as possible But in the face of this naked ploy to bork Kavanaugh and derail the confirmation process for partisan advantage, the Republicans seem to be reverting to their customary preemptive cringe
Tommy is a hero It is a disgrace that he is still in jail
The prickly North Koreans had a fit, of course, as always when the US flexes its muscles on their borders Continuing South and North Korean peace talks scheduled this week were cancelled by the furious North Koreans
So long as the US continues to maintain a policy based on the false view that all that is necessary to destroy the threat of a nuclear armed Iran is a combination of the nuclear deal and economic sanctions, it will continue to ensure that Iran and its nuclear program remain a major threat Distressingly, US Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley, the most outspoken supporter of decertifying Iranian compliance in the Trump administration, told NBC on Sunday that the US intends to remain in the nuclear deal
Boy, I hope you never get it I hope the American people can see through this sham, that you knew about it and you held it
Julian could leave the embassy if his own government, the government of his homeland, Australia, applied legitimate diplomatic pressure on behalf of its citizen We must ask ourselves why this hasn’t happened
After that, Murillo says she cannot communicate with key organizers of the effort by Google and its partners—a project known as HOLA—because she is afraid of secret pro-Trump spies on the listservs created She also admits ongoing discussions among these people about meeting to give grieving Hillary Clinton supporters hugs after Trump crushed her on election day
DB: Yes, and the thanks he got was seven years in solitary confinement They want to prosecute Assange and maybe hang him from the rafters in Congress, but what about Judith Miller and The New York Times lying the West into war?
Why are children being mutilated and forcefully raped while the law looks the other way? Forcefully married, child married, while the law looks the other way?
“They (the coroner’s office) have delayed this for too long, and whatever stage the coroner’s report on Paddock is in, it should be provided to the Review-Journal and Associated Press without further delay No more games
I encourage all parents looking at alternatives to government schools —alternatives that provide children with a well-rounded education that introduces them to the history and ideas of liberty — to go to RonPaulCurriculum com for more information about my homeschooling program
Yet, they fail to confront the issues that needed to be confronted The reason they don't is because they are guilty of what they fail to confront!
So now, instead of allowing more people to have a voice, these platforms are creating an atmosphere where only powerful media organizations are welcome, just as we had on cable news,” John Vibes poignantly noted The bottom line is that sites like ours and the others who were wiped from the internet yesterday represent a voice against the plutocratic information-controlling establishment
” This stealth proselytizing is nationwide
In fact, he believes Barack Obama got Russian help too While he was being confirmed as CIA chief, the former lawmaker lashed out at Russia for reasserting ” itself aggressively, invading and occupying Ukraine, threatening Europe, and doing nearly nothing to aid in the destruction and defeat of ISIS
 Army and Air Force And in the application process, he lied to military recruiters about a recent trip he'd taken to Jordan in a failed attempt to make contact with the Islamic State and join a "real Muslim Army," the documents said
There are more cases out there just like Barros that have been covered up, Yore told Arroyo, maybe even some even worse than the Barros case “Those cases are going to be haunting this papacy and really causing a rift in the major protection of children that Pope Benedict had worked very hard to really build up,” she said
It is a big mystery A big mystery
” [emphasis added] Even if Iran were arming the Houthis, Haley’s hypocritical anti-Iran rhetoric doesn’t excuse the U
Guyger then called 911 from her cellphone and started performing first aid She turned on the lights, then went to the front door again and realized the apartment wasn't hers, the affidavit says
In court documents, Gilani alleged, “while he was admitted in hospital my telephone conversations were taped and some other recording devices were also installed/planted in my house … Imran Awan showed up and threatened me for me calling the police [Imran] threatened that he is very powerful and if I ever call the police again [he] will do harm to me
And the decision to act upon this disordered inclination is a sin so grave that it cries out to heaven for vengeance, especially when it involves preying upon the young or the vulnerable Such wickedness should be hated with a perfect hatred
‘Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now,’ the president tweeted ‘Bob Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 Angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to USA!’
It gets weirder Kavanaugh was a “mean drunk,” she stated
He is standing alone now, and not only against the most dangerous pontificate in history, but also the forces of hell itself—forces which will do all in their power to silence this voice crying in the wilderness Make no mistake about this: Archbishop Viganò is fighting for the very survival of the human element of the Catholic Church
Other Presidents have been incompetent, corrupt, dishonest, but which has committed treason on a scale to rival the treason of Barack Obama? The Iranians also operate a global network of jihad terror organizations, one of which, Hizballah, is quite active in Mexico now, with the obvious ultimate intention of crossing the border and committing jihad massacres of Americans
The email came from FBI agent Peter Strzok and it’s the first place we see the question of whether or not Clinton can be found as “grossly negligent,” in the handling of classified intel Remember, Strzok is widely credited as the man who changed FBI Director Comey’s language on the Clinton email investigation from the prosecutable “grossly negligent” to the legally superflous “extremely careless
” And how does the Church “address” a massive infestation by homosexual priests and prelates without removing them from authority and ensuring that they cannot promote homosexual successors for generation after generation? Faggioli has no answer because what he is really arguing—the final beachhead of the neo-Catholic defense of their disintegrating regime—is that homosexuals in the hierarchy must remain in authority as an indispensable seawall against a “neo-traditionalist” storm surge
Indeed, by his action he has divided them, led them into error, and encouraged the wolves to continue to tear apart the sheep of Christ’s flock In this extremely dramatic moment for the universal Church, he must acknowledge his mistakes and, in keeping with the proclaimed principle of zero tolerance, Pope Francis must be the first to set a good example for cardinals and bishops who covered up McCarrick’s abuses and resign along with all of them
You should learn to call them by their real name, ‘Satan ’ You’re coming face to face with Satan, the Arch Deceiver, the enemy of God, and the enemy of the righteous
 el-Sissi in Egypt — before he came down that escalator And so the elites who were in charge when the fire broke out, and who failed to respond and refused even to recognize it, and who now denounce Trump for how he is coping with it, are unlikely to be called upon again to lead this republic
Justice Anthony Kennedy gave President Donald Trump the biggest political gift possible when he announced his resignation in the spring Even though not everything that’s gone wrong is Trump’s fault, he has managed to make a complete hash of Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination to fill the empty seat on the court
Well played, Cardinal Wuerl! So, let me get this straight (I know, lots of luck with that one): These are the people that are going to "accompany us" and our children in the "synodal Church" with its new orientation, overseen by a "God of Surprises" who is uber-merciful and doesn't judge, and headed up by a pope who, according to Father Thomas Rosica, "breaks Catholic traditions whenever he wants, because he is 'free from disordered attachments'?''
“I hated myself for making the worst decision I ever made,” Khweis wrote to the judge in a letter “I ruined my life and my family’s life
Not when JVP is at AJHS We all have choices to make
“This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further Bob Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 Angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to USA!” Trump wrote
 Barack Obama took a photo at a 2005 Congressional Black Caucus meeting, a photo that was subsequently suppressed in order to protect Obama's political future “Jews were responsible for all of this filth and degenerate behavior that Hollywood is putting out, turning men into women and women into men,” Farrakhan said in his keynote speech
And, as one who has tried — despite my many imperfections — to lay down my life for Christ and His Church, I am tired of the regular violation of sacred duties by those entrusted with immense responsibility from the Lord for the care of His people The stories being brought into light and displayed in gruesome detail with regard to some priests, religious, and now even those in places of highest leadership, are sickening
Wasserman Schultz’s brother is a prosecutor in the same office handling the case and has tweeted about it Gowen said the wire transfer instead had to do with the land deal, which he told the Washington Examiner was “quickly souring
” It was also apparently evidence of the paper’s clickbait tendencies:
A Muslim terrorist stabbed four people at a train station near Munich while screaming, “Allahu Akbar” In between proclaiming the glory of Allah, he also shouted that his victims were all “unbelievers”
[3] Otherwise known as the “Permanent Instruction of the Alta Vendita,” a secret document written in the early 19th Century that mapped out a blueprint for the subversion of the Catholic Church The Alta Vendita was the highest lodge of the Carbonari, an Italian secret society with links to Freemasonry and which, along with Freemasonry, was condemned by the Popes
Why? Because, when Trump’s Russia policies are measured against Obama’s… it becomes CLEAR that Trump has obviously been tougher against Russia than Obama ever was
First, he suggested it was simply evidence of the Guardian’s long-standing (and well-documented) hostility towards Assange “The Guardian, an otherwise solid and reliable paper, has such a pervasive and unprofessionally personal hatred for Julian Assange that it has frequently dispensed with all journalistic standards in order to malign him
It is worth noting it should be vitally important for a serious publication like the Guardian to ensure its claims are unassailably true – both because Assange’s personal fate rests on their veracity, and because, even more importantly, a fundamental right, the freedom of the press, is at stake Given this, one would have expected the Guardian’s editors to have insisted on the most stringent checks imaginable before going to press with Harding’s story
In response to cops claiming to find a tiny bit of weed, she pointed out that there was also a homicidal cop inside too His apartment also contained an off duty homicidal cop
It’s almost as if someone had slipped a copy of the Ottaviani Intervention inside his morning paper The targeting of marriage, through the instruments of creatures like the myopic and theologically tunnel-visioned Cardinal Kasper, is demonically brilliant
The Church, the depositary of the blessing of the New Covenant, signed in the blood of the Lamb, is holy but made up of sinners, as Saint Ambrose wrote: the Church is “immaculata ex maculatis,” she is holy and spotless even though, in her earthly journey, she is made up of men stained with sin I want to recall this indefectible truth of the Church’s holiness to the many people who have been so deeply scandalized by the abominable and sacrilegious behavior of the former Archbishop of Washington, Theodore McCarrick; by the grave, disconcerting and sinful conduct of Pope Francis and by the conspiracy of silence of so many pastors, and who are tempted to abandon the Church, disfigured by so many ignominies
Dina Powell would have been a Jeb Bush appointee Appointing her to the UN would give Trump, Jeb Bush's policies
Since 2001, Cardinal Ratzinger and later as Pope Benedict installed effective procedural reforms on clerical sexual abuse; Francis in his short five years has all but completely dismantled or reversed those changes Among the earliest indications Catholics had that the new pope had no intention of getting to the bottom of the priest-abuser problem was his appointment of the notorious homosexual, Monsignor Battista Ricca, as head of the Vatican Bank and the man in charge of his own residence, the Casa Santa Martha
After all, this is the papacy where 2 + 2 = 5 if the pope says it does The irony, of course, is built in, since this document is intended as a legal chopping block for the dissolution of any house of contemplative nuns that is judged to be hovering on the edge of extinction or is for some other reason in need of the chop
No, it never happened Hitler and the Nazi state knew the truth about the Jews, and therefore, they began tormenting and persecuting them
They reported the sightings to state and local law enforcement, but it was months before police moved in, the couple said "We are just beyond frustrated that they took so long," Tanya Badger said
 combat troops from Iraq, giving rise to ISIS’s re-emergence in Iraq from its bases in Syria The radical Shiite Iranian regime purported to come to the “rescue” of both countries from the Sunni terrorists, turning Iraq into a virtual vassal state of the largest state sponsor of terrorism in the process
If Trump and his generals felt our vital interests could not allow Syria and Iraq to drift into the orbit of Iran, where would we find allies for such a fight? If we rely on the Kurds in Syria, we lose NATO ally Turkey, which regards Syria's Kurds as collaborators of the PKK in Turkey, which even the U
Even as cops come to Guyger’s defense and attempt to shame, smear, and discredit her victim—who was an upstanding member of society regardless of the plant they claim to have found—they are failing miserably Despite cops rallying behind the blue line to defend this killer cop, the rest of the country is not buying it
Mueller is done Huge victory for the president,” he said
On on the Jewish people: “You are wicked deceivers of the American people You have sucked their blood
” – Einstein All of these media sources were operating normally until Donald Trump became president, and until Hillary Clinton, Obama, Bush, etc were outed as global elite puppets
It’s been a smear campaign from the beginning and it is this way by design Amber Guyger took an innocent person’s life, and because people are so blinded by the badge, she is being portrayed as the victim
Hence even before Archbishop Viganò had come forward, commentators like Faggioli were already sounding the neo-Catholic air raid siren Faggioli fretted that “[t]he abuse scandal and delegitimization of the episcopate has created a great power vacuum in the Church” that could be filled by the “neo-traditionalist Catholicism of the younger generations of American Catholics” who “attack American bishops and cardinals close to Pope Francis
Now they follow this up with more documents aimed to provide fictitious evidence to bolster Mueller’s pathetically failed attempt to substantiate the story that Russia deprived Hillary of the Presidency My friend William Binney, probably the world’s greatest expert on electronic surveillance, former Technical Director of the NSA, has stated that it is impossible the DNC servers were hacked, the technical evidence shows it was a download to a directly connected memory stick
28),” “the worst of Creation” (Qur’an 98 6), all condemned to Hell (Qur’an 4
How can one avoid concluding that the reason they do not provide the documentation is that they know it confirms my testimony? The center of my testimony was that since at least June 23, 2013, the pope knew from me how perverse and evil McCarrick was in his intentions and actions, and instead of taking the measures that every good pastor would have taken, the pope made McCarrick one of his principal agents in governing the Church, in regard to the United States, the Curia, and even China, as we are seeing these days with great concern and anxiety for that martyr Church
Color me skeptical The Democrats are criminal, treasonous and sleazy
No more hiding under your school desks or in dank basements As Trump grandly proclaimed, Americans no longer have to fear North Korea and can sleep peacefully at night!
Shapira failed to note that Helms was convicted in a federal district court of lying to Congress under oath about another CIA regime-change operation ten years after the Kennedy assassination in Chile Interesting enough, in the Chile regime-change operation, the CIA and the Pentagon were telling their counterparts in the Chilean national-security establishment that they had a moral duty to violate their nation’s constitution and violently remove their nation’s democratically elected president, Salvador Allende, from office
Friends, let us pray for Archbishop Viganò He is standing alone now, and not only against the most dangerous pontificate in history, but also the forces of hell itself—forces which will do all in their power to silence this voice crying in the wilderness
The men of Sodom and Gomorrah were certainly being inhospitable There is probably nothing more inhospitable than homosexual gang rape
Homeschooling rates are skyrocketing as parents are continually getting more and more upset at the leftist social engineering taking place in public schools The indoctrination is getting so bad, that some parents are even concerned about liberal violence against those who reject the brainwashing
However, when asked by Senator Cory Booker whether or not Kavanaugh thought Ford was part of what Kavanaugh referred to as a "political hit" against him, Kavanaugh rightly steered clear of a public relations disaster However, I am willing to say would he would not: Of course, she was part of it!
Couple question why police waited so long to search New Mexico compound (CNN) A New Mexico couple told authorities months ago they thought a missing Georgia boy and his fugitive father were living in a filthy compound on their property
This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further Bob Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 Angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to USA!
The unmasking of McCarrick exposed the pervasive prelate coverup of homosexual sexual predation in the American Catholic Church These swarmy power brokers have colluded far too long at the tragic expense of innocent boys and seminarians
Intelligence agencies were scrambling Tuesday to comply with a sweeping order by President Trump to declassify key documents that could shed light on the origins of the Russia collusion probe that has hamstrung the administration for more than 18 months The documents Trump ordered declassified involve a renewed Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act warrant against former campaign aide Carter Page and text messages from disgraced former FBI officials Peter Strzok and Lisa Page
There were no exceptions For an exception to be made for Manafort and the “Russians” would have had to be a decision of the Government of Ecuador, not of Wikileaks, and that would be so exceptional the reason for it would surely have been noted in the now leaked supposed Ecuadorean “intelligence report” of the visits
” For his part, President Trump tweeted: “A disgraceful verdict in the Kate Steinle case!
The presstitute media instead of protesting this attempt at a coup against the President of the United States, trumpet the accusation as self-evident truth Trump is a traitor because he wants peace with Russia
The African island’s government has told citizens to pause the tradition for fear the plague bacteria is still active in the corpses and can be spread to the living News of infected patients running away from hospitals comes on the heels of reports that it is only a matter of time before the plague becomes resistant to the antibiotics that are currently being used to treat the outbreak
Hernandez’ father, Lamar, saw it too “It kept exploding — boom boom
In sum, the Guardian published a story today that it knew would explode into all sorts of viral benefits for the paper and its reporters even though there are gaping holes and highly sketchy aspects to the story Moreover, the main author of the story, Luke Harding, is known to be a notorious fraud, a russo-phobe intelligence asset with a personal grievance towards Assange and Wikileaks
BACON: Ah I think we need to take a break before I explode
As Pope Benedict has observed, when it comes to the election of a Pope “the Spirit’s role should be understood in a much more elastic sense, not that he [sic] dictates the candidate for whom one must vote… There are too many contrary instances of popes the Holy Spirit obviously would not have picked!” Bergoglio is undeniably one of them
” And don’t forget, the old sorta, kinda moderate Democrats like Feinstein and Chuck Schumer, who now have joined the crowd of trendoid socialists armed with torches and pitch-forks, will go along because they’re frightened of their party’s increasingly rabid left-wing base
Strzok has argued that he was just trying to reassure Page that Trump couldn’t win, and that he wasn’t implying that they would take action to stop his election But it wasn’t just Page and Strzok, there were FIVE other investigators on the Clinton case who expressed overtly political views in support of Clinton and/or against Trump… DURING the investigation
And I don’t want to go around insulting people I don’t want to paint with a broad brush every immigrant is this, every African-American is that, every, you know, other person with different religious beliefs or whatever – that’s childish
Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer Imam Whose Son Was Training School Shooters Blasts Reporters On New Mexico Compound: “They Hate Islam”
Of course they can't cope It's Demolition Man in real life pitting refugee war criminals and terrorists against bureaucrats with badges who are used to telling people not to raise their voices
But before I address Faggioli’s latest defense of the indefensible, some background is in order, including a discussion of further key details of Viganò’s testimony First of all, as I predicted 16 years ago, because the Vatican under John Paul II had no intention of enforcing the pre-conciliar ban on admission of homosexuals to the seminary “a new bumper crop of homosexual ordinands is guaranteed—and with it a new harvest of scandal for the Church
New outbreak of Ebola kills 17 in northwest DR Congo Seventeen people in northwest Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) have died from Ebola, the health ministry said on Tuesday, describing the fresh outbreak as a "public health emergency with international impact
It is high time that this begin The Democrats are committing voter fraud on a massive scale, and not only in Florida, but in Arizona, Georgia, California and elsewhere
" This suggested, of course, that giving advice on how to prevent another 9/11, and all other Jihadist attacks against America, is now against Facebook’s ‘community standards’
By not searching her apartment immediately, police ruined the investigation, making it harder to prosecute her It would be reasonable to assume that these steps were taken intentionally because they want to see her get away with it
Can the Church Defend Herself Against Bergoglio? Fisher is rightly incensed by Bergoglio’s cunning response, “I will not say a single word on this , ” concerning Archbishop Viganò’s damning indictment of Bergoglio’s rehabilitation of the monster once known as Cardinal McCarrick for some five years before adverse worldwide press coverage forced to him to punish that serial homosexual rapist of whose crimes Viganò had personally informed him back in 2013—information of which Bergoglio was clearly already aware at that time, as Viganò testifies
While events have overtaken Faggioli’s piece, it will remain useful here as a prime example of the neo-Catholic polemic That polemic seeks to shore up the collapsing Novus Ordo establishment lest it give way to the dreaded traditionalist revival
" Should this happen, the Mystical Body would then be without its head
Here is the report from the retired security professionals who, unlike those still in office, cannot be fired and deprived of a careet for telling the truth Here is what the clued-in Russian Defense Minister Shoigu has to say about the aggressive actions of the West against the Russian homeland
Indeed, we have reached the precipice of corporate-state censorship Those who have constantly demanded that tech giants silence their critics and information that ‘offends’ them are finally seeing the inevitable results of such irresponsible acts
Flashback in 2004, when up until then, Barack Obama couldn’t win an election But during his 2004 campaign for the Senate, Obama and his corrupt party in Chicago somehow managed to unseal the divorce records of his opponent Jack Ryan, who was leading by a large margin
It’s nothing but elite people, corporations and the financial elite that have become drenched with so much power that they have been able to direct human will and use it for their own selfish purposes With powerful revelations that have come to light, like elite pedophilia and ritual abuse, and extreme corruption, why do we still participate?
79 billion miles Yeah, it’s kind of crazy
What is the first thing they do after it is discovered a child was murdered on the compound and several starved to almost certain death? They destroyed the compound to cover up both their negligence and what happened there
Ruiz, as well, founded AMANA’s Connecticut and Puerto Rico chapters In July 2010, the Anti-Defamation League (ADL) condemned Ruiz’s AMANA for posting what the ADL called a “venomous” anti-Semitic Duke video onto the group’s official website
The CIA’s cunning cover-up in the JFK assassination worked brilliantly Thanks to President Trump and the CIA’s decision to continue keeping 98 percent of the CIA’s decades-long secret records secret from the American people, the CIA’s cunning cover-up of the JFK assassination continues to work brilliantly today
It doesn’t admit that there is a war going on, and treats each act of Islamic terror as if it were a separate and discrete criminal event, unrelated to all the others So each time something like this happens, they’re back at Square One, trying to figure out motive
The action Monday keeps in place a July 31 court decision blocking the Trump administration pending a decision on the merits of a lawsuit by states opposed to the blueprints being published “The Court finds that the irreparable burdens on the private defendants’ First Amendment rights are dwarfed by the irreparable harms the States are likely to suffer if the existing restrictions are withdrawn and that, overall, the public interest strongly supports maintaining the status quo through the pendency of this litigation,” Lasnik wrote in his decision
Whosoever shall shed man’s blood, his blood shall be shed: for man was made to the image of God ” In other words, from that point in history lawful killing in atonement for taking the life of another is sanctioned by God
And, as one who has tried — despite my many imperfections — to lay down my life for Christ and His Church, I am tired of the regular violation of sacred duties by those entrusted with immense responsibility from the Lord for the care of His people The stories being brought into light and displayed in gruesome detail with regard to some priests, religious, and now even those in places of highest leadership, are sickening
We showed no care for the little ones; we abandoned them,” Francis said “Looking back to the past, no effort to beg pardon and to seek to repair the harm done will ever be sufficient
” In his Twitter post, Trump also blasted the 17 angry Democrats that are doing a conflicted Mueller’s dirty work
Remind me again: What exactly has Vatican II and the last fifty years of aggiornamento given us? Because I can't seem to think of a darn thing, apart from heretical homilies, sodomitical clergy and an increasingly lavender liturgy
“I am here today not because I want to be,” Ford says in her opening statement “I am terrified
That is exactly what a growing number of Catholics are now doing, as even the secular press recognized less than three months before Bergoglio began his tyrannical reign In this respect, what the neo-Catholics are defending at bottom is themselves—that is, the reputations they have all staked on their defense of the indefensible against the traditionalists they have arrogantly mocked and marginalized for decades only to see, to their horror, that traditionalism is ever more vindicated as the scandals of the Novus Ordo mount under this reckless Pope to an unsustainable, indeed apocalyptic, level
Pamela Geller and I were banned from entering Britain in 2013, apparently for life, also for the crime of telling the truth about Islam and jihad Meanwhile, Britain has a steadily lengthening record of admitting jihad preachers without a moment of hesitation
Their lawyer argued that there was a double standard in the case because his clients were Muslims He argued that if they had been Christian and white, “we might not be here today
Rather than thinking that it was outrage at the behavior of the gangs of Muslim men of Pakistani background who abused the girls portrayed in Three Girls that caused Osborne to lose his mind and commit his terrible crime, Ganesh blames Obsorne’s act on the likes of Tommy Robinson Yet Robinson explicitly fights AGAINST political violence
m  A representative of a New York mosque says the raid of a ramshackle compound in New Mexico is being used as propaganda against Muslims
86 (as of 09:30 EDT - Details) And this right after Trump and his neocon minions reneged on the sensible nuclear treaty with Iran In a policy one could call ‘eat sand and die,’ Trump demanded that Iran not only give up any and all nuclear capacity (Iran has no nukes), but also junk its non-nuclear armed medium range missiles, stop backing the Palestinians, Hezbollah in Lebanon and the Houthis in Yemen, roll over and be good, don’t do anything to upset Israel, and pull out of Syria
Absolutely not! Submit to those who lie continuously, to them that steal and even kill?
The Cardinal, muttering in a barely comprehensible way, admitted that he had perhaps made the mistake of sleeping in the same bed with some seminarians at his beach house, but he said this as if it had no importance Viganò testifies that on June 23, 2013, he obtained a private audience with Bergoglio after having encountered McCarrick at the Pope’s residence three days earlier, during which encounter McCarrick had told him with an air of triumph: “The Pope received me yesterday, tomorrow I am going to China” (evidently to assist in negotiating Bergoglio’s planned sellout of China’s underground Catholics to the Communist dictators of Beijing)
” [emphasis in original] If this is rightly to be considered a serious moral responsibility for every believer, how much graver is it for the Church’s supreme pastor, who in the case of McCarrick not only did not oppose evil but associated himself in doing evil with someone he knew to be deeply corrupt He followed the advice of someone he knew well to be a pervert, thus multiplying exponentially with his supreme authority the evil done by McCarrick
It was while I was in Newark that I was introduced to then-Cardinal McCarrick A number of good Catholics have written to ask for a personal accounting on my part, inquiring whether I was made aware in my time in Newark of the 2005 and 2007 settlements involving Archbishop McCarrick, or if I knew of any allegations against him
The move creates some big questions about both the administration’s foreign policy ambitions as well as the president’s relationship with the deep state If you enjoyed Hillary Clinton’s tenure as Secretary of State, you’ll like Pompeo’s
By 2012, this had proved impossible Why would Benedict take advice from a man like Martini – the “godfather” of the “liberal wing” of European Catholicism?
, which included a Russian attorney who promised to hand over negative information about Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton The session also was attended by then-campaign chairman Paul Manafort and Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner; the president dictated a misleading statement about it a year later and it remains murky just when he learned about the meeting
Homeschooling Protects Children from Violence and Marxism The February mass shooting at a high school in Parkland, Florida prompted many parents to consider homeschooling
In sum, the Guardian published a story today that it knew would explode into all sorts of viral benefits for the paper and its reporters even though there are gaping holes and highly sketchy aspects to the story Moreover, the main author of the story, Luke Harding, is known to be a notorious fraud, a russo-phobe intelligence asset with a personal grievance towards Assange and Wikileaks
- Bishop Joseph Strickland of Tyler, Texas has gone so far as to order all the priests in his diocese to read from the pulpit a statement that he finds Viganò’s allegations credible - Bishop Thomas Olmsted of Phoenix, Arizona, issued a statement affirming that he has known Viganò for 39 years, has “always known and respected him as a man of truthfulness, faith and integrity” and that his testimony should “be taken seriously by all…”
More than 200 people were killed during the outbreak that ravaged the island over the winter, which prompted 10 nearby African countries to be placed on high alert Humanity’s WIPEOUT Foreshadowed?
 President? According to the Constitution, you, and you alone, are the sole head of the executive branch, and as such you are where the buck stop in making sure the laws are faithfully executed
” Allen’s view is supported by such irrelevancies as the fact that Viganò’s account implicates “no fewer than 32 senior churchmen” (so what? ), that he “has a history” of “innuendo and conspiracy theories” (a gratuitous assertion unsupported by evidence of falsity), that he allegedly quashed an investigation of Archbishop John Nienstedt and ordered evidence destroyed (an allegation Viganò has immediately and categorically denied with conclusive supporting documents, but in any event a tuo quoque fallacy) and that Allen has “the impression that all this was orchestrated with a political agenda in mind” (the same “conspiracy theory” mentality he gratuitously attributes to Viganò)
” Needless to say, many were completely unsatisfied with Franken’s very weak statement
It is gauged by simply looking to the prevailing immoralities and debauchers of society They are weak and pathetic and they have no excuses as to why America is where we is today!
Submit to what God condemns? Yet, this is what the perverse, modern-day, professing Christians are teaching the sheep in the American Church today
She is like Derrick Kahala Watson , a treasonous kritarch, unwilling to submit her hunger for power and ideology to the Constitution and the law Impeachment for her and Watson is the solution
That clear partisanship should be no surprise, given that Higgins now enjoys an “academic” position at, and funding from, the Atlantic Council, a high-level, Washington-based think-tank founded to drum up support for NATO and justify its imperialist agenda Improbably, the Guardian has adopted Higgins as the poster-boy for a supposed citizen journalism it has sought to undermine as “fake news” whenever it occurs on social media without the endorsement of state-backed organisations
Fortunately, the spacecraft is healthy and functioning properly, although it is currently in hibernation The mission controllers at the Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory in Laurel, Maryland, will bring the spacecraft out of its electronic slumber in June to begin a series of system checkouts and other activities to prepare it for the next record-breaking encounter
Several hundred people have been exposed to the virus as officials worry this outbreak could spread rapidly into regions already devastated by the ongoing black death outbreak New Virus With NO CURE Spreading: This Is WORSE Than The ‘Black Death’
For example, as Stephen Coughlin has revealed, the “violent extremists” the administration is clearly worried about are the “right-wing Islamophobes” whom the administration obviously considers to be the real threat to American security The “Countering Violent Extremism” is trash and needs to be thrown in the garbage
However, when it is time for them to put boots on the ground, they are simply missing in action (MIA) These are willing to live in the freest country in the world as long as it is not them that have to sacrifice to maintain it
Undercover Video: Andrew Gillum Staffer: “None of the programs that people are hoping for would happen” Florida gubernatorial candidate and George Soros-backed Andrew Gillum may have just been completely undercut by a member of his own staff
There are two key facts in this statement First, the very people who have been loudest in attacking President Trump about his performance at the Helsinki summit are the people who failed to protect America from Russian meddling in 2016
It did what it is designed to do We have previously shown that the Guardian even uses fascist propaganda tropes to smear the Russian people
Not so, Fastiggi and Goldstein contend Do not all those ignorant critics of AL know that the Latin text employs the phrase “obiectivum exemplar,” which, translated literally into English is “objective exemplar
Democratic Illinois Rep  Danny Davis thinks Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan, a notorious racist and anti-Semite, does “outstanding work” but doesn’t agree with Farrakhan’s positions that white people are “devils” and Jewish people are satanic
Illegitimate I don’t know
He indicated he was keeping an open mind about the allegations but that it was "very hard for me to imagine anything happened" between her and the nominee "I think he's an extraordinary man – I think he's a man of great intellect, as I've been telling you, and he has an unblemished record," Trump said
A report from RT tells the tale: The Central American migrant caravan has just begun another leg of their journey to the US border hastily reinforced by the Army and Marine Corps
Furthermore, it would contradict what Scripture teaches us from Genesis all the way to Revelation every step of the way Think of this: Those that serve “We the People,” before taking office, swear to uphold the US Constitution with their hand on the Holy Bible
At this point it is strikingly obvious that authorities have lied to the American people about the worst mass shooting in our countries history One can only speculate as to what the reasons for these lies actually are?
Instead, she invited Clinton to describe the “damage” Julian Assange did “personally to you” In response, Clinton defamed Assange, an Australian citizen, as “very clearly a tool of Russian intelligence” and “a nihilistic opportunist who does the bidding of a dictator”
” As a result, he was forced to resign his position as an SSMU director but dodged an impeachment effort to have him stripped of his position at McGill’s Arts Undergraduate Society Sadikov made light of his “punch a Zionist” tweet calling it a “misguided joke
S  plan to create a BSF inside Syria, Damascus declared , "represents a blatant attack on the sovereignty and territorial integrity and unity of Syria, and a flagrant violation of international law
Make Senators go on the record with their votes, and hold them to account in November Put to the test the Dems’ claims that a critical mass of women, many of them with sons they don’t want falsely accused, believes the fundamentalist feminist narrative and will vote accordingly
” I met this Secretary of the Episcopal Conference during my visit in Columbia, and he said for two years they [had been asking] the President, in the name of the Holy See, to change this article in their Constitution
The successors of the Apostles, the only ones in a position to end his rampage, must demand his resignation and, should he refuse as expected, act in this unprecedented emergency to declare his removal from the office he has criminally abused and whose very credibility he threatens to destroy May God give them the grace to do what must be done and what history will vindicate as a rescue of the Church during the height of the worst crisis in her history
Investigators believe that the three-year-old boy, who turned four on Monday, they were looking for had been at the compound in earlier weeks Siraj Wahhaj, 39, and Lucas Morten, two very heavily armed men who are believed to be “extremist[s] of the Muslim belief,” were running the horrifying compound, Hogrefe said
The totalitarians The worldwide howl at Trump’s retweets of videos tweeted out by a British politician is further proof of the Islamization of the West
The Death Penalty, Instituted by God Himself (The Biblical Basis for Catholic Teaching on Capital Punishment) TO ARGUE AGAINST THE DEATH PENALTY is to contend with constituted reality
In the early twelfth century, the Fatimid caliph Al-Amir bi-Ahkamillah issued this edict: Now, the prior degradation of the infidels in this world before the life to come—where it is their lot—is considered an act of piety; and the imposition of their poll tax [jizya], “until they pay the tribute out of hand and have been humbled” (Koran 9:29) is a divinely ordained obligation…
” For Faggioli, not only would Bergoglio’s resignation be unthinkable, so also would a purge of the homosexual and pro-homosexual prelates Bergoglio and his Vatican henchmen have systematically enabled
The attempt is void, of course, and the appellation “authentic Magisterium” is fraudulent But the consequences of this Pope’s toying with the teaching office of the Church to advance half-baked theological notions, such as “discernment” (a term he borrows from St
2 million doses of antibiotics to fight the disease while the Red Cross has been training hundreds of volunteers on the island to publicize preventative measures Deadly Plague Could MUTATE And Become Untreatable As It Spreads Globally
" Evidence shows Pope Francis is a ‘principal in a cover-up’ of clergy sex-abuse in Chile: Expert
Vichy Media Their main weapon would be personal smear
” For Faggioli, not only would Bergoglio’s resignation be unthinkable, so also would a purge of the homosexual and pro-homosexual prelates Bergoglio and his Vatican henchmen have systematically enabled
To this day, the area where Sodom and Gomorrah were located remains a desolate wasteland Sodom and Gomorrah serve as a powerful example of how God feels about sin in general, and homosexuality specifically
The idea was that since an investigation would lead to Oswald’s supposed communist confederates in the front, which in turn would lead to nuclear war, the investigation had to be shut down immediately, especially since it was the CIA itself that had started the assassination game by repeatedly attempting, in partnership with the Mafia, to assassinate Castro It was one of the most brilliant and cunning ruses in history
The children were taken into protective custody and later turned over to the New Mexico Children, Youth and Families Department Couple question why police waited so long to search New Mexico compound
Instead, Strzok's punishment will most likely be limited to disciplinary action and possibly dismissal In sum, the long-awaited inspector general report on the FBI’s and Justice Department’s handling of the Hillary Clinton e-mail investigation is as disappointing as the rigged outcome of the e-mail investigation itself
Wilders addressed this endeavor head-on, declaring: “We will not be silenced We will not be intimidated
“We don’t want to put them on a ship back unless someone has had chance to look at if there’s a really bad situation for them,” Saris said “That’s my concern
Zilch Sebastian Gorka is crucially correct, therefore, when he recommends a national counter-propaganda campaign that involves a two-part approach: the first being the bolstering of efforts to define our enemy (Steps #1 and #4 above) and, second, the strengthening of our allies and partners in their own counter-propaganda efforts – which must include our empowering of Muslims who are trying to form an anti-Jihadist version of Islam
We used to think that fashion has to do with haircuts, clothes, or lifestyle, but the vogue today is to sympathize with the Jews and to shed crocodile tears about their sorrows, their heresy, and their historical lies This is, indeed, a new fashion
Cain is told, “What hast thou done? The voice of thy brother’s blood crieth to me from the earth,” and God curses him for his presumption by dooming him to homelessness and unproductive labor
My decision to reveal those grave facts was for me the most painful and serious decision that I have ever made in my life I made it after long reflection and prayer, during months of profound suffering and anguish, during a crescendo of continual news of terrible events, with thousands of innocent victims destroyed and the vocations and lives of young priests and religious disturbed
When all the false hopes and bets of the Russian and Chinese governments of conciliation on the basis of mutual economic interests come to naught, what happens? It will be the end of life on earth
Trump is a traitor because he wants peace with Russia Here is Democratic Senator Chuck Schumer (NY) repeating Pelosi’s false accusation: “Millions of Americans will continue to wonder if the only possible explanation for this dangerous behavior is the possibility that President Putin holds damaging information over President Trump
In his view, the government simply can’t go against the will of the people And Orban has stayed the course, too while governments like that of Germany have ignored their people to allow for a clear invasion of Germany that has led to untold numbers of sexual assaults by Muslim migrants, attacks on Christians and there's no telling the amount of damage to the unethical welfare system in the country
The email came from FBI agent Peter Strzok and it’s the first place we see the question of whether or not Clinton can be found as “grossly negligent,” in the handling of classified intel Remember, Strzok is widely credited as the man who changed FBI Director Comey’s language on the Clinton email investigation from the prosecutable “grossly negligent” to the legally superflous “extremely careless
What can the Church do when confronted by a Pope who, as a prominent cardinal declares to the whole world, “fail[s] to maintain and transmit faithfully … the deposit of faith contained in Sacred Tradition and Sacred Scripture” and is leading “an apostasy from the truth”? It seems absurd to argue that she can do nothing but exhort the faithful to pray and do penance while a papal malefactor, treated as if were an absolute dictator, is allowed to continue wreaking havoc upon faith and morals to the detriment of countless souls, without the least impediment, for so long as he shall live
I still think that's true But it did leave Republicans vulnerable to claims about transparency which were likely to be popular -- most people, and the entire press corps, love transparency -- and vulnerable to bombshells in the documentary record which hadn't been initially disclosed
DOJ May Hit #Resistance Mayor Who Warned Illegal Criminals w/Obstruction of Justice ICE had already called out Oakland's radical leftist boss for helping criminals and endangering ICE personnel by tipping them off that a raid was coming
The Bible teaches just the exact opposite We are to “have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them” (Ephesians 5:11)
” [emphasis added] The US Is Blatantly Telling Lies
“As a person of faith myself, I don’t see any problem with having an after-school Bible program,” White said “But to me this seems a pretty clear violation of the Constitution
Still, Trump went all-in with a new intensity on Wednesday, opening up on Mueller and his team with both barrels of his massive Twitter following ‘Russian Collusion with the Trump Campaign, one of the most successful in history, is a TOTAL HOAX,’ he wrote
The Last-Minute Character Assassination of Judge Kavanaugh Using any despicable tactic at hand to derail Judge Brett Kavanaugh’s Supreme Court confirmation less than a week before the Senate Judiciary Committee is scheduled to vote on whether to approve his nomination, Senate Democrats have sunk to their lowest level of character assassination yet
Orban has taken a tough stance in Hungary He has ordered all illegal Muslim invaders to get out of Hungary and never come back
” Shea’s ever-expanding opus of digital invective never seems to rise above this sort of crude ad hominem attack: Well, if those people believe it, it can’t be true The neo-Catholic propaganda mill will have a very difficult time smearing this witness, however
In fact, Saris' actions appear to more akin to that of the Mexican kritarch Monica Herranz who aided an illegal alien to escape arrest by ICE when she let that illegal alien leave her courtroom through the exit to her judicial chambers Saris is clearly scheming to help Rombot escape deportation by disappearing into the almost 1 million illegal aliens absconding from Final Orders of Removal
The meeting of the Senate Judiciary Committee showed the underhanded tactics employed by the Left against Judge Kavanaugh The nominee and Republican senators used the opportunity to attack desperate Democrats for their efforts at character assassination
” Recent data shows a 15 percent jump in fatalities over just three days, coupled with scientists concerned that the black death has reached a “crisis” point Ten other African countries have also been placed on high alert, warning that an outbreak could occur at any time
This is INSANE Meanwhile, another story just breaking at Fox News provides even more evidence that Peter Strzok is the big bad guy in the FBI mess
" Laura Loomer, a noxious far-right personality who formerly worked for Project Veritas, also started making hay with Haig's background in Arizona aerospace
No investigative journalism in my lifetime can equal the importance of what WikiLeaks has done in calling rapacious power to account It is as if a one-way moral screen has been pushed back to expose the imperialism of liberal democracies: the commitment to endless warfare and the division and degradation of “unworthy” lives: from Grenfell Tower to Gaza
No, an accusation against a man who has been investigated by the FBI six times prior and has 75 women publicly vouching for his character is not going to stop this process And guess what, next time a man is nominated to a position who really has committed a crime, people will be that much less likely to believe his accuser
But it is these signs of refusal of the programme that have infuriated the despots of the New Paradigm who would not rest until every last individual house of religious life was co-opted, subverted to the new ideology The little green shoots of hope that the faithful Catholic world so rejoiced to see are to be stamped back into the frost of Vatican II’s perpetual winter
They are entirely predictable and systematic Rather than being the reason for the Guardian violating basic journalistic standards and ethics, the paper’s hatred of Assange is a symptom of a deeper malaise in the Guardian and the wider corporate media
But after watching a week of post Singapore summit between Great White Father Trump and delinquent Kim Jong-un I must totally agree with the Economist What was billed as a second-coming extravaganza between the two leaders – who have been trading insults of ‘little rocket man’ and ‘dotard’ (someone who is senile) turned out to be a very expensive photo op for both publicity seekers that made much noise but produced very little – at least so far
During a debate with Republican opponent Doug Wardlow, Ellison was asked about his previous support of Farrakhan, but then claims that he has distanced himself from Farrakhan Yeah, right, Hakim!
Absolutely not! The corrupt Pharisees along with corrupt government did the opposite
Gun Control Is Now Truly Impossible Gun control is the dream of every wannabe statist dictator and naive do-gooder alike
In fact, Fr Weinandy has bolstered my own “Great Clarifier” theory, saying that this pontificate, and the lack of response to it from priests and bishops, is being allowed by God in order to reveal “just how weak is the faith of many within the Church,” He added that Francis has revealed that many in the Church “hold harmful theological and pastoral views
Then there is the endlessly double-talking Cardinal Müller In a recent interview concerning Rocco Buttiglione’s verbal contortions aimed at demonstrating that the administration of Holy Communion to public adulterers is consistent with the Church’s bimillenial prohibition of precisely that, Müller proposed this preposterous “solution” to a “problem” that does not exist:
Third, faithful to the free trade cult in which they were raised, Republicans championed NAFTA, the WTO, and MFN for China Historians will look back in amazement at how America's free trade zealots gave away the greatest manufacturing base the world had ever seen, as they quoted approvingly 18th- and 19th-century scribblers whose ideas had done so much to bring down their own country, Great Britain
That’s right But don’t nobody ever ask what did they do to Hitler
How inconvenient that homosexual predation is bankrupting the American Church and the Instrumentum Laboris, the working document of this Vatican Synodal Agenda, embraces the relaxation of the Church teachings on homosexuality How inconvenient that the homosexual network of clergy and prelates were blasted as predators and coverup enablers in the Pennsylvania Grand Jury Report, while the Instrumentum Laboris argues that:
“The laws are obsolete, the laws are horrible, having to do with the border, both in terms of security and in terms of taking care of people,” he said “We want children staying together,” Trump said, blasting the New York Times report that said he didn't really want to sign his executive order last week that would keep families together in detention while they awaited the judicial process
Why? Why are animals slaughtered in agony and terror and Halal imposed on all of us in a country that has legislated against unstunned slaughter?
S  can be laid by strictly legal means … We have a well-organized political-action group in this country, determined to destroy our Constitution and establish a one-party state … It operates secretly, silently, continuously to transform our Government … This ruthless power-seeking elite is a disease of our century… This group … is answerable neither to the President, the Congress, nor the courts
White holds the school board and leadership responsible for spreading what she says is a false sense of what the Bible in the Schools program is and does In a commentary for the Charleston Gazette-Mail, White wrote that “the Bible in the schools program in Mercer County is being sustained on a foundation of lies
S , almost ten years since that happened in Ireland, and now more than five years since Francis was elected, the Catholic Church still has no credible, transparent process for handling cases when the accusation against a bishop isn’t the direct commission of abuse but rather covering up someone else’s crimes,” Allen said in a Sunday column
comments 2 Men, Moms Arrested After Child Found Dead, 11 More Found In ‘Filthy’ New Mexico Compound With Armed ‘Muslim Extremists’
This is the death spiral And it is precisely this “intense and fruitful path” taken by nearly all the Catholic world’s monastics since 1965 that Cor orans is attempting to force on the very, very few holdouts
 Ford's wishes And then, and then as no doubt was expected, if not planned, came a long series of false last-minute smears designed to scare me and drive me out of the process before any hearing occurred
“Our presidency has taken a stand: we cannot give in to extortion For us, Hungary is first
He has already won the primary to be Minnesota's AG Will the people not demand justice and vote a Communist-backed, Muslim, accused woman abuser into the office of prosecuting criminals?
Longtime Geller Report readers have been hearing about this cybersecurity breach by Muslim IT staffers for well over a year The Democrat leadership collusion with Muslim spies is the biggest story of treason and espionage in the recent memory, and yet for month after month the media has refused to cover it
As The New York Times reports, Ms  Steinle’s death in July 2015 fed into a fierce debate over whether immigrants without legal status should be deported more aggressively, and over the role local law enforcement should play
, the Soviets) and Cubans and entering into peaceful coexistence with the communist world In other words, unlike Lee Harvey Oswald, who had absolutely no motive to kill President Kennedy, the national security establishment did have motive, a powerful motive, the same motive that motivated the CIA and Pentagon to target other political leaders for regime change or assassination around that time, such as Mohamad Mossadegh, Jacobo Arbenz, Patrice Lumumba (who Kennedy admired), Fidel Castro, and Salvador Allende
Nowhere was this more evident than in the manner in which Trump described Iran’s repressive regime and attempts by the Iranian people to overthrow it through peaceful protest When it comes to Iran’s governing authorities, the Trump administration is under no illusions about the nefarious nature of this fascist theocracy
Yet, as the Pennsylvania grand jury report documents, Wuerl assisted McCarrick in the coverup of his crimes and now brazenly lies about it Here too Viganò’s testimony sheds light on the darkness:
” Like his predecessor, Francis has promised “zero tolerance” on child abuse, but scandals have kept recurring in several parts of the world — including in Australia recently
His recent statements that he knew nothing about it, even though at first he cunningly referred to compensation for the two victims, are absolutely laughable The Cardinal lies shamelessly and prevails upon his Chancellor, Monsignor Antonicelli, to lie as well
S  can be laid by strictly legal means … We have a well-organized political-action group in this country, determined to destroy our Constitution and establish a one-party state … It operates secretly, silently, continuously to transform our Government … This ruthless power-seeking elite is a disease of our century… This group … is answerable neither to the President, the Congress, nor the courts
There is so much collusion now, with all these dark and menacing developments It is almost as if the word “journalism” is becoming blighted
Prager U has had its videos mysteriously disappear off of Facebook and then, only after vociferous protest, re-appear Facebook is, of course, just one terrain of this leftist brownshirt-style assault on free speech
For the Church, the crisis we face is not limited to the McCarrick affair, or the Pennsylvania Grand Jury Report, or anything else that may come The deeper crisis that must be addressed is the license for sin to have a home in individuals at every level of the Church
Why is the British government allowing ISIS fighters to return from Syria and threaten our safety? “Why do we talk and investigate and get angry about an accidental fire in Grenfell, but are expected to immediately forget — or ‘not look back in anger’ — about the deliberate, ideology-driven murder of British children?"
If you have directly witnessed sexual advances or any type of abuse, bring it forward as well Such actions are sinful and scandalous and we cannot allow anyone to use their position or power to abuse another person
Similarly, Obama-era national security officials seem determined to use the harshest possible language to attack President Trump I think their strong words and hysteria are driven by their own guilt
As part of the frame-up, the CIA would have to fortify the persona of Oswald, its intelligence agent, as a purported communist That would enable the CIA to blame the assassination on a communist, which, not coincidentally, was the advice that the Pentagon and the CIA were doling out to Latin American military dictatorships at the School of the Americas
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use In Newly Obtained Memo, Congress’ Top Cop Said House Democratic Caucus Server VANISHED https://t
93 (as of 01:15 EDT - Details) She describes this assistance as a “silent donation” Mario then says that Google helped Voto Latino create ad campaigns to promote those rides Now officially Voto Latino is a non-partisan entity, but that is a sham
‘Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now,’ the president tweeted ‘Bob Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 Angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to USA!’
According to the DOJ: According to the indictment, beginning at least as early as 2009 and continuing until October 2014, Lambert conspired with others at “Transportation Corporation A” to make corrupt and fraudulent bribery and kickback payments to offshore bank accounts associated with shell companies, at the direction of, and for the benefit of, a Russian official, Vadim Mikerin, in order to secure improper business advantages and obtain and retain business with TENEX In order to effectuate and conceal the corrupt and fraudulent bribe payments, Lambert and others allegedly caused fake invoices to be prepared, purportedly from TENEX to Transportation Corporation A, that described services that were never provided, and then Lambert and others caused Transportation Corporation A to wire the corrupt payments for those purported services to shell companies in Latvia, Cyprus and Switzerland
All three were targeted for removal either because they are Jewish or have vocally opposed anti-Jewish discrimination on campus This episode is utterly unacceptable, and is merely the latest in a long string of antisemitic incidents at your university
Dr  Fastiggi’s inapt citation to Canon 751 and his clumsy and insulting questions about my “standing in the Catholic Church” and whether I am “refusing submission to the Roman Pontiff” demonstrate a pronounced lack of comprehension of pertinent ecclesiological and theological basics, and a rather embarrassing lack of rhetorical finesse
In addition, I ask that all priests, clergy, religious, and diocesan employees join me in observing the upcoming Autumn Ember Days (Sep  19, 21, and 22) as days of fasting and abstinence in reparation for the sins and outrages committed by members of the clergy and episcopacy and I invite all the faithful to do the same
He also stabbed two others Police shot him in the leg, ruled out terrorism and blamed mental illness
Bill Maher, for whatever unappealing drawbacks he has in conservatives’ eyes, has set a bold standard in this respect in his Burka Fashion Show skit American comedians need to start writing scripts that follow in Maher’s footsteps and Americans need to encourage and equip them to do so – and to also vigorously defend them from the attacks and slanders they will inevitably receive from totalitarian leftist and Islamic forces
“ This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further
Mariawald Trappist monastery – 900 years old – was finally dissolved, affiliated to death Its superior had made the fatal error of openly declaring – in 2008, after the publication of Summorum Pontificum – that the monastery’s problems all began when it adopted the new liturgical rites and implemented the trends of all religious after Vatican II, and that clearly the solution was to go back to pre-conciliar ways
It is welcome that finally there has been a little pushback, including from leading journalists, to the Guardian’s long-running vilification of Julian Assange, the founder of Wikileaks Reporter Luke Harding’s latest article, claiming that Donald Trump’s disgraced former campaign manager Paul Manafort secretly visited Assange in Ecuador’s embassy in London on three occasions, is so full of holes that even hardened opponents of Assange in the corporate media are struggling to stand by it
Shame on those who are supposed to uphold law and justice! Shame!
86 (as of 09:30 EDT - Details) Trump’s objectives, at least initially, were to crush North Korea and the threats it could pose to the United States and its regional allies Japan and South Korea Trump sought to set up Kim as a bogeyman, and himself as America’s savior
" Kim assumed power after his father Kim Jong Il, also a brutal dictator, died in 2011
Once exposed, some people will die within 24 hours Experts say the epidemic could still worsen as the death tolls hit 124 and more than 1,300 are left infected
Facebook Lifts Frontpage Editor Jamie Glazov’s 9/11 Ban [Editors' note: To best understand why Facebook would ban Jamie Glazov on 9/11 in the first place, pre-order Jamie's new book, Jihadist Psychopath: How He Is Charming, Seducing, and Devouring Us: HERE
In their eyes this means total extinction, a penalty certainly in excess of any transgression of which he may be guilty Not even God completely obliterates a human existence, not even for the most odious sins, for He made the human soul immortal and hell eternal
What, like the CIA was using typewriters instead of computers and pay telephones instead of cell phones? What is amazing (or not) is the extreme nonchalance of the mainstream media to the CIA’s request for continued secrecy
The election is over and hardworking Georgians are ready to move forward We can no longer dwell on the divisive politics of the past but must focus on Georgia’s bright and promising future
I laughingly replied I said, "Mom, when I was in the rock n roll world doing the things that I was doing, nobody said anything, and no one had a problem with what I was doing, that is until I started to emulate (obey) Jesus Christ" (1 John 2:6)
The Swedish episode was bogus and farcical and he has been vindicated Katrin Axelsson and Lisa Longstaff of Women Against Rape summed it up when they wrote, “The allegations against [Assange] are a smokescreen behind which a number of governments are trying to clamp down on WikiLeaks for having audaciously revealed to the public their secret planning of wars and occupations with their attendant rape, murder and destruction… The authorities care so little about violence against women that they manipulate rape allegations at will
“When jurisdictions choose to return criminal aliens to the streets rather than turning them over to federal immigration authorities, they put the public’s safety at risk,” the statement said “San Francisco’s decision to protect criminal aliens led to the preventable and heartbreaking death of Kate Steinle
 Christine Ford provided testimony under oath without any evidence at all of a 36-year-old alleged sexual attack by Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh and his friend Mark Judge, Kavanaugh denied the allegations and blasted Senate Democrats for their involvement in ruining his good name However, when asked by Senator Cory Booker whether or not Kavanaugh thought Ford was part of what Kavanaugh referred to as a "political hit" against him, Kavanaugh rightly steered clear of a public relations disaster
Furthermore, as I reported on Wednesday, both the Associated Press and the Atlanta Constitution-Journal reported on the training The documents claim Siraj Ibn Wahhaj and his co-defendants conducted weapons training at the camp where they were found Friday with 11 children in allegedly “third world” conditions
Progressives say we should be more like Sweden That means turning our country into a hopeless hellhole where the native population is overtaxed and terrorized by warring foreign gangs
It also says the way the administration revoked the pass, with no direct notice to Acosta or a written explanation detailing the decision, violated the Fifth Amendment’s protection of due process and the federal Administrative Procedures Act “This severe and unprecedented punishment is the culmination of years of hostility by President Trump against CNN and Acosta based on the contents of their reporting — an unabashed attempt to censor the press and exclude reporters from the White House who challenge and dispute the president’s point of view,” the suit says
Remove the television cameras, and attention-craving, politically ambitious Senators will be gone like a cool breeze For now, Grassley needs to end this farce if Ford doesn’t show up on Thursday or continues to negotiate for more delays and concessions
They could easily succeed The entirety of the House and Senate of both parties is in thrall to the campaign donations of the military/security complex
Murillo wrote in the next paragraph: We also supported partners like Voto Latino to pay for rides to the polls in key states (silent donation)
Showdown? Top Congressional Democrats Nancy Pelosi, Chuck Schumer, Adam Schiff and Mark Warner penned a joint letter to ODNI Director Dan Coates, Deputy AG Rod Rosenstein and FBI Director Christopher Wray demanding that the agencies defy President Trump
” He adds that “you have to appeal to white guilt
As I show in my book The History of Jihad From Muhammad to ISIS , the great caliphates of history, from the immediate post-Muhammad period of the “Rightly Guided Caliphs” to the Umayyads, Abbasids, and Ottomans, as well as other Islamic states, all waged relentless jihad warfare against non-Muslims, subjugating them under the rule of Islamic law and denying them basic rights These weren’t the actions of a “tiny minority of extremists,” abhorred by the vast majority of peaceful Muslims for “hijacking” their religion
The fact is that the CIA put in its request to Trump for continued secrecy of its JFK records long before yesterday But “Art of the Deal” Trump obviously sat on the request, undoubtedly hoping that he could get what he wanted in return if he just continued holding out and conveying that he was ready to release the records
” So, our intrepid presenters of What the Pope Really Means® would have us believe that objectively immoral behavior, which is the best one can do according “the “concrete complexity of one’s limits,” is no longer simply objectively immoral behavior but rather a gift of self because it moves toward morally licit behavior
Then he says it’s “ugly” to accuse others of sinning Then he suggests that healing and reconciliation will only come if we take a hard look at our own flaws…
And perhaps most telling of all, not one word is offered of applying any systematic religious solutions; no one is suggesting increased prayer or fasting, Rosary campaigns or novenas in what has to be the Carmelite Order’s most desperate hour Nothing is said of increased intensity of devotion to the charism, study of the foundress or returning to sources, still less of strengthening the Carmelites’ traditional independent self-governance or reconsidering the wisdom of “the path taken”
He said to the people, “even though we remove this article we remain Catholic I am a Catholic, I shall remain Catholic, and I do everything possible for the Council and the Catholics in our country
We will defend our civilization And we will protect our people
Haley’s essential claim was that Saudi Arabia is under attack by missiles supplied to Yemen by the Iranian government and that the world should not sit idly by as this goes on “If we do nothing about the missiles fired at Saudi Arabia, we will not be able to stop the violence,” Haley warned
It's a good thing he'll be leaving the Senate Perhaps Arizona will put someone in that actually has a spine rather than living up to Senator Flake's name
" All this came *before* Ellison praised him as "a role model" in 1995, and was photographed selling Farrakhan's newspaper in 1998
Combine it with billions of Facebook and Twitter users and you can easily see the influence wielded here This is where free thought goes to die
Although the conspiracy theory is baseless nonsense, it continues to dog the Trump administration, providing cable television news outlets and late-night talk show hosts with endless fodder in the 24-hour news cycle When Trump defenders have fought back, social media companies have colluded with the Left to silence and intimidate them
Pompeo wrapped up two days of emergency talks in the region — first with Saudi King Salman and Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman in Riyadh, and then with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan in Ankara — and headed back to Washington on Wednesday Turkish officials have described — but have not released — what they say are audio and video recordings that show the 60-year-old contributor to the Washington Post opinion pages was interrogated, tortured and killed by Saudi intelligence officers inside the consulate
As expected, two Muslim women, Rashida Tlaib in Michigan and Ilhan Omar in Minnesota, have been overwhelmingly elected to Congress The establishment media will celebrate these victories as triumphs of America’s “diversity”; unfortunately, in reality neither one is worth celebrating
Any attempt to do a deal with Julian to shut down WikiLeaks will no doubt be resisted As a person, Julian is an extremely interesting man
He is the very exemplar of the crisis we must still endure… Let the thing die of its own excesses, for as the “little synod” [the 2002 “pedophile summit”] demonstrates, the men who control this establishment will never restore it to anything resembling the vibrant Church that a long line of militant, uncompromising Popes delivered into their hands at Vatican II
So it probably still isn't over The statement though is full of conspiracy theories and blames everyone else for Davis' behavior except him
I’ve been praying that prayer even more earnestly in these past weeks as the Church in the United States has once again come face-to-face with its sins, with reports that former cardinal Theodore McCarrick, one of the most prominent Churchmen in the United States in the last quarter century, has been accused of abusing two minors and sexually harassing or assaulting a number of seminarians and young priests To make matters worse (if that is even possible), evidence has surfaced that indicates that a bishop, as well as some priests and laity, had brought the allegations about misconduct with seminarians to the attention of Church authorities but to no avail: Archbishop McCarrick was nonetheless “promoted” to become the archbishop in our nation’s capital, and elevated to the College of Cardinals
A report by a research team earlier this year found that Google can manipulate opinions of undecided voters by inserting negative search suggestions under the name of a candidate Meanwhile, Trump took to Twitter early Tuesday morning to note the Department of Justice’s inaction over the fact that disgraced anti-Trump FBI agent Peter Strzok and his mistress were engaged in a “media leak strategy” to plant negative stories which were then used to secure FISA warrants to spy on the Trump campaign
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use “I absolutely, unqualifiedly denounce and reject the views of Louis Farrakhan," said Ellison
To contradict two popes – whom the Church has already “beatified” the one and “canonized” the other – so shortly after their deaths, and in such a radical and open manner, probably has never happened before in the Church's history Isaiah says that such people draw unto them God's punishment, with thick cords!
The Pentagon takes a dim view of the proposed Korean nuclear accords The burst of sweetness and light coming from Pyongyang just sounds too good to be true
The military/security complex orchestrated the false indictments of 12 Russians The military/security complex orchestrated the false arrest of Maria Butina, and so on and on
It is the response of the military/security complex to Donald Trump’s presidential campaign statement that he intended to normalize relations with Russia Trump recognized that the extreme Russiaphobia, which the hegemonic neoconservatives had whipped up since Vladimir Putin’s statement at the Munich Security Conference in 2007 that Russia was a sovereign country and intended to act like one, was a threat to life on earth
No wonder the Democrats tried to squirrel these jihad spies out of the country Congress must investigate and act
By playing along, by pretending that we could be “conservative Catholics” in this New Paradigm that also includes “liberal Catholics” we have helped them perpetrate one the most monstrous frauds in human history Because of this schizophrenic mindset of the Church’s leadership since 1965, we have all come to accept the underlying premise; that the Church is a “big umbrella” with plenty of room for people of all personal opinions, that such issues as liturgy are matters of personal “taste” …that two opposed things can both be Catholic truth
Rather, it has been nurtured in part by a toxic campus press, especially the McGill Daily, a publication which openly refuses to publish any “Zionist” content In practice, this prevents McGill’s Jewish community from defending itself against the absurd attacks to which it is subjected
In July 2014, he organized a pro-Hamas rally held outside the Israeli Consulate in downtown Miami Rally goers repeatedly shouted, “We are Hamas” and “Let’s go Hamas
Today the death penalty is imposed ever more rarely, even in cases of proven premeditated murder Despite the fact that it was instituted by God Himself, growing numbers of Catholics actually consider it immoral
So far, no one has ever managed to land on the far side of the moon, or near its shadowy poles India wants to tackle both those firsts in one fell swoop this year, with its Chandrayaan-2 mission, a trio of orbiter, lander and rover that would represent the country's second visit to the moon
” So last week the Chairman of Judiciary Committee, Chuck Grassley, granted another deadline extension for Ford to decide whether to testify before the Committee on Monday Senator Dianne Feinstein calls these concessions “bullying deadlines
O you who believe! The non-Muslims are nothing but dirt
Several hundred people have been exposed to the virus as officials worry this outbreak could spread rapidly into regions already devastated by the ongoing black death outbreak New Virus With NO CURE Spreading: This Is WORSE Than The ‘Black Death’
The nearest neighboring major galaxy to the Milky Way is the Andromeda Galaxy The large galaxy is stunning in size and has around three times as many stars as the Milky Way does
In normal times, this might be a big story But the even the conservative non-Main Stream Media is currently too steeped in economic euphoria to notice
Sociology helped generate a whole range of fake new academic subjects while corrupting existing ones into a toxic stew of racism and meaningless jargon All too often, all you need is some statistics software (or its online equivalent), a politically correct premise and absolute ignorance
But the imam Siraj Wahhaj is here engaging in some “war is deceit” action His son was on the radar of counterterror officials for 13 years on suspicion of jihad activity
” So seriously that J Street can't decide what to do about a politician who defends a Hitler-lover and raises the Jewish Question
The Mexican nation and career criminal enjoyed all the rights of the American legal system, the presumption of innocence, and a high-profile defense attorney funded by American taxpayers During the trial, former vice presidential candidate Matt Gonzalez claimed that Garcia Zarate’s background and nationality played a role in his prosecution
 Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts tweeted “As Donald Trump said, ‘Let it come out
Fr Hunwicke wrote this afternoon, “This cheap and vulgar ritual humiliation exemplifies the extent to which P[ope] F[rancis] is presiding over a bully-boy Church in which midget bishops and minicardinals compete to defeat each other in the sycophancy stakes
Whether or not justice involves the resignation of the most wayward Pope in Church history, the inevitable season of justice will culminate in the triumph of the Immaculate Heart of Mary and the Church’s restoration This will be a final victory over the enemies within and their apologists, such as Faggioli, who, in typical neo-Catholic style, imperiously scoffs at the notion of “a young clergy marked by personal sanctity but also by a fascination for a mythical Middle Ages” and busies himself defending an unsalvageable mass of corruption he dares to describe as “a Church-world relationship based on a principle of reality
On the one hand, it could refuse to grant Trump what he wanted and let the records be released, which it knew would point to the CIA’s guilt in the assassination On the other hand, it could give Trump what he wanted and have to suffer the obvious inference that people would draw — that the CIA was continuing to cover up incriminatory evidence
The third was a Mexican national who was arrested for corporal injury of a spouse, despite being deported twice and criminal convictions including drug possession, hit-and-run, DUIs, possessions of narcotics equipment and a parole violation Illegal Alien Wife Beaters Protected by Sanctuary City Mayor Busted
Schaaf, a Democrat, posted the warning to Twitter Saturday, writing that “multiple credible sources” told her the immigration agency was “preparing to conduct an operation in the Bay Area, including Oakland, starting as soon as” Sunday “What she did is no better than a gang lookout yelling ‘police’ when a police cruiser comes in the neighborhood, except she did it to a whole community,” Homan told "Fox & Friends
Coupled with the high likelihood that this disease could spread globally by an infected traveler getting on a plane to Europe or America, health officials are now warning that the strain of plague which has already killed more than 140 Madagascar could mutate and become untreatable Professor Paul Hunter has warned that, while it would be rather easy for an advanced country to contain the disease in its current form, he fears that it could evolve into something far more dangerous
“Glazov’s advice also involves the promotion of supporting moderate Muslims – a move that is, clearly, horrifying to Facebook’s masters and therefore also violates their ‘community standards,'” the report said No doubt, Glazov’s consistent campaigning on behalf of Muslim women and girls in his efforts to protect them from FGM, honor killings and other Shariah barbarities, has gained him the anger and hatred of Facebook’s guardians — who are clearly on the side of the Shariah enforcers and oppressors of Muslim women and girls
That's not unique Selecting the Jews, based on race, for extermination is more of the reason why the term Nazi is not a positive one
A share in making restitution for sin was thus accorded to all of us, for although our Lord’s ignominious death removed from us the guilt of the original transgression through Baptism, it did not remove its effects These were allowed to remain as restraints on men who, now raised to a new supernatural existence, were capable of committing incalculably more grievous sins than heretofore
Google didn’t try to get out the vote among say Christian Arabs in Michigan or say Persian Jews in Los Angeles—they sometimes vote Republican It was aimed only at one group, a group that Google cynically assumed would vote exclusively for the Democratic Party
President Donald Trump tweeted late last week, “Mayor Gillum conceded on Election Day and now Broward County has put him ‘back in play ’ Bill Nelson conceded Election — now he’s back in play!?
Europe is afraid of Africa and the Middle East reaching the Danube Let the Americans, who relish playing empire, pay for NATO
“Christian Parent Furious After School Instructs Children To Write Out Their Submission To Allah,” by Joshua Gill, Daily Caller News Foundation, May 17, 2018 (thanks to the Geller Report): A West Virginia school has come under fire for instructing junior high students to write the Islamic profession of faith ostensibly to practice calligraphy
I am not a fan of Donald Trump But to see the partisans of the defeated candidate (and a particularly obnoxious defeated candidate) manipulate the security services and the media to create an entirely false public perception, in order to attempt to overturn the result of the US Presidential election, is the most astonishing thing I have witnessed in my lifetime
Archbishop Jeanbart was not the first to say this “Why, we ask the western world, why not raise one’s voice over so much ferocity and injustice?” asked Cardinal Angelo Bagnasco, the head of the Italian Bishops Conference (CEI)
The report “detailed the experiences of at least a thousand survivors, victims of sexual abuse, the abuse of power and of conscience at the hands of priests over a period of approximately seventy years,” Francis acknowledged “It is essential that we, as a Church, be able to acknowledge and condemn, with sorrow and shame, the atrocities perpetrated by consecrated persons, clerics, and all those entrusted with the mission of watching over and caring for those most vulnerable,” he said
“We never anticipated that 29% of Latinos would vote for Trump No one did
It will end up giving Trump whatever it is he wants Trump is in the driver’s seat because the CIA cannot afford to permit the American people to see the records it wants to continue to be kept secret
I and LVMPD please explain what in the Hell is going on here?
Now they follow this up with more documents aimed to provide fictitious evidence to bolster Mueller’s pathetically failed attempt to substantiate the story that Russia deprived Hillary of the Presidency My friend William Binney, probably the world’s greatest expert on electronic surveillance, former Technical Director of the NSA, has stated that it is impossible the DNC servers were hacked, the technical evidence shows it was a download to a directly connected memory stick
Every one of us is born on Death Row and lives out his allotted lifespan in its shadow without hope of reprieve God made that clear when He told Adam that “in what day soever” he preferred his own will above his Creator’s, “thou shalt die the death,” condemning him sooner or later to “return to the earth out of which thou wast taken: for dust thou art, and to dust thou shalt return” (Gen
We will never surrender We will stand strong and do our duty
You cannot go to that Mass That is sacrilege
We must cast out sin from our own lives and run toward holiness We must refuse to be silent in the face of sin and evil in our families and communities and we must demand from our pastors — myself included — that they themselves are striving day in and day out for holiness
” She points to the extended length of formation for new nuns - previously six years for Carmelites and under Cor orans now nine years, as absurd, saying it will tend to impede new vocations
In another email exchange, Arnold correctly asserted that Australia is a country, linking to the "About Australia" section of the country's website: Australia is both a country and a continent
” Although they did become so bad that The New York Times in a later edition changed its front page headline to say that Israel was actually killing people A rare moment, indeed, when the immunity, the collusion was interrupted
And it will pave the way for the US legal system to lock Assange up for a very long time For the best part of a decade, any claims by Assange’s supporters that avoiding this fate was the reason Assange originally sought asylum in the embassy was ridiculed by corporate journalists, not least at the Guardian
In fact, there are so many unanswered questions that the Drudge Report even linked to an article asking them directly As noted above, at this point literally every piece of so-called evidence put forth by authorities and then regurgitated by the mainstream media cannot be trusted and should be considered as disinformation until proven otherwise
And if you are unchastely propositioned, abused, or threatened (no matter by whom), or if you directly witness unchaste behavior, report it to me I will not stand for this in my diocese any more than in our seminaries
Bush-Boehner Republicanism appears to be as dead today as was Harding-Coolidge Republicanism after 1933 And if Trumpism is not the future of the GOP, it is hard to see what a promising GOP agenda might look like
There is so much leftist dirt to uncover For example, it was established some time ago that former President Obama was involved on some level in this shameful un-American plot to rig the 2016 election and undermine his successor by using the privacy-invading apparatus of the state
Not even God completely obliterates a human existence, not even for the most odious sins, for He made the human soul immortal and hell eternal (It might be argued, however, that if the criminal is thought to have to have totally terminated his victim, why not do the same to him?)
com, whom I had to have my attorneys send a letter for their libel and they didn't just correct it, they removed it entirely because they knew I was two days away from filing a lawsuit against them MBFC actually called CNN "left biased," which is correct but followed up with:
He has already won the primary to be Minnesota's AG Will the people not demand justice and vote a Communist-backed, Muslim, accused woman abuser into the office of prosecuting criminals?
Upon them rests the curse of Allah, of the Angels and of man collectively We must not think that we are at war with the entire religion
 government not treason? Other Presidents have been incompetent, corrupt, dishonest, but which has committed treason on a scale to rival the treason of Barack Obama?
Ford can choose to state her case on Monday or not, but she is not in a position to be calling the shots If Kavanaugh Is Not Confirmed By Senate, Then We Are All Just One Accusation Away From Ruin
The fact is that the CIA put in its request to Trump for continued secrecy of its JFK records long before yesterday But “Art of the Deal” Trump obviously sat on the request, undoubtedly hoping that he could get what he wanted in return if he just continued holding out and conveying that he was ready to release the records
Although the issue came to the attention of a much broader audience during the most recent papal trip, the outcry has been ongoing since his appointment to the southern Chilean diocese of Osorno in 2015 Barros was a student protégée of the charismatic homosexual/pederast predator Fernando Karadima, and went on to be ordained in 1984, made bishop in 1995 and appointed as bishop of the armed forces
First, the very people who have been loudest in attacking President Trump about his performance at the Helsinki summit are the people who failed to protect America from Russian meddling in 2016 The very intensity and nastiness of former CIA Director Brennan and former Director of National Intelligence Clapper is an attempt to distract attention from their failure to protect America
50-caliber – including modern semi-auto sporting rifles such as the popular AR-15 and similar firearms – are not inherently military “Not only is this a First Amendment victory for free speech, it also is a devastating blow to the gun prohibition lobby,” noted SAF founder and Executive Vice President Alan M
Andy Warhol was only half-right In the future everyone will be the subject of social justice crybullying for 15 minutes
" The Acosta-CNN lawsuit was filed by Ted Boutrous and Trump-hating Republican lawyer Ted Olson, of the law firm Gibson, Dunn, and Crutcher
A government spokesman said individuals whose presence "is not conducive to the public good" could be excluded by the home secretary He added: "We condemn all those whose behaviours and views run counter to our shared values and will not stand for extremism in any form
” According to Elliott, the Mercer program is “extremely rare” and there are only a handful of districts around the country with similar courses
“Qui tacet consentit” surely applies here, for if they deny my testimony, they have only to say so, and provide documentation to support that denial How can one avoid concluding that the reason they do not provide the documentation is that they know it confirms my testimony?
She and Tlaib will enjoy establishment media accolades as they pursue their hard-Left, anti-American, anti-Israel agenda Their presence in the House of Representatives may be evidence of “diversity,” but it is also a disquieting sign of the continued dominance of identity politics, and the increasing balkanization of the American body politic
Marriage is a public state in the Church, and the judgment regarding an accusation of nullity of marriage must be made in accord with the long practice of the Church If a college of judges in a matrimonial tribunal is not able to arrive at moral certitude regarding the nullity of a marriage after a careful and thorough examination of the petition of nullity, how can an individual priest be capable of making such a judgment having to do with the eternal salvation of the soul in question?
After Kavanaugh unleashed his own refutation of the charges and blasted Democrats for their attacks on him, near the closing of the hearing, Graham finally said what everyone had been waiting on and said it with passion "What you want to do is destroy this guy's life, hold this seat open, and hope you win in 2020," Graham blasted Democrat Senators on the committee
BDS activists generally avoid reference to “Jews” by name because it is impolitic and commonly substitute “Zionists” for Jews even though most of us are cognizant of their true intentions But in the instant case, McGill’s BDS campaigners dispensed with their traditional charade and overtly launched their attack against Jews
Why did God judge Sodom and Gomorrah? It's the same reason that he is judging America today (Amos 4:12), He cannot find the righteous in order to spare her (Jeremiah 22:3)
It is said that they annihilated 50-100 hundred million, but nobody ever mentions this […] “Was there annihilation?
“Most parents homeschool for more than one reason,” Ray told the paper “But when we ask families why do they homeschool, near the top nowadays is concern about the environment of schools, and that includes safety, pressure to get into drugs, pressure to get into sexual activity
” The Twitter exchange marks a bizarre twist in the story of the 26-year-old former U
It is unlawful to hire an alien, to recruit an alien, or to refer an alien for a fee, knowing the alien is unauthorized to work in the United States  An employer can be convicted of the felony of harboring illegal aliens who are his employees if he takes actions in reckless disregard of their illegal status, such as ordering them to obtain false documents, altering records, obstructing INS inspections, or taking other actions that facilitate the alien’s illegal employment
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use As long as Dwight and Steven Hammond remain in jail for what is obviously a gross miscarriage of justice, this matter remains a blight on the federal regulatory agencies and the criminal justice system
It's an ideological one that spans cultures, just like Don Lemon's and Chris Cuomo's statism Demonizing those intent on violating the law and have demonstrated that they are doing it along the way and declaring that we will not allow such persons across our border is simply common sense, but you won't get common sense on CNN
At least 2,034 people have been infected down by a more lethal form of the black death so far in the country, which lies off the coast of Africa, according to WHO statistics Some experts fear the disease (which is so deadly because it is airborne) could mutate and become untreatable during this year’s outbreak – which is expected to blight Madagascar until April
The government actively destroyed his life an made it all but impossible for his family to get back on track But Hillary Clinton is running around free, to this day
The June 2017 application was the last of four filed by the Justice Department in support of FISA court orders allowing the monitoring of Page for nearly a year The president also ordered the release of unredacted text messages from fired FBI Special Agent Peter Strzok, former FBI counsel Lisa Page, former FBI Director James Comey and former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe
If our leaders were serious about stopping this from happening, they would pass a law making it mandatory that all cases of sexual harassment in Congress be made public, and that members of Congress would be personally responsible for paying out any settlements If such a law was instituted, I guarantee you that sexual harassment on Capitol Hill would come to a screeching halt
” Good luck with that!
Democratic Illinois Rep  Danny Davis thinks Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan, a notorious racist and anti-Semite, does “outstanding work” but doesn’t agree with Farrakhan’s positions that white people are “devils” and Jewish people are satanic
Algemeiner reported: Nation of Islam leader and prominent antisemite Louis Farrakhan chanted “Death to America” and claimed that “America has never been a democracy” on Sunday during a solidarity trip to Iran, ahead of the re-implementation of US sanctions on the country this week
We have shown the young people that abortion is murder and that 58 million babies have been murdered since 1973 under the guise of woman’s choice (Proverbs 6:17) We got kicked out of a public school for re-enforcing America’s value’s by teaching the US Constitution
“Why is it so easy, Theresa May, to jail Tommy Robinson, but so difficult to do anything at all about the monstrous crimes committed in the name of Islam all over this country every day? Why?” Waters asked
Dina Habib Powell is a deep part of the Republican establishment She is part of the swamp, part of the willfully ignorant McMaster crowd that clearly opposed Trump’s agenda
Except when she's fighting for their rapists instead A Democratic mayor’s warning to illegal immigrants of an incoming ICE raid in northern California may have led to a number of illegal immigrants with violent and sex-related convictions evading capture and deportation
Capitol Police are looking into the massive amounts of data the Awans reportedly downloaded off the congressional system, thousands of illegal logins made on the official system, possible theft of tens of thousands of dollars in congressional equipment and fraud and sent to foreign governments and groups No wonder the Democrats tried to squirrel these jihad spies out of the country
Its recent fake news story about Paul Manafort, Wikileaks and Julian Assange aptly demonstrates this The documentation of it is a bit lengthy but provides that it was a willful fake
Donald Trump was elected on the promise of protecting the Second Amendment (among other things) Instead, he has become the poster boy for one of the most egregious gun control machinations of all: gun confiscation
In December 2015, Zakkout posted a photo of Israel Defense Forces (IDF) Chief of Staff Gadi Eizenkot, who is a decorated veteran of many different wars and battles fought by Israel over the last three-plus decades Above the picture of Eizenkot, Zakkout wrote in Arabic, “You’re a Jew, the grandson of a monkey and a pig
Rather, what he views with alarm as an “essential element” of the context in which Wuerl operates is that “scandals are also the opportunity for the neo-traditionalist Catholicism of the younger generations of American Catholics to attack American bishops and cardinals close to Pope Francis… ” Better a thousand septuagenarian Wuerls in their lavish sties of corruption, financed by the faithful, than a single, young neo-traditionalist prelate!
But no government operation ever goes perfectly Things obviously went dreadfully wrong with the Mexico City operation because the investigation into it after the assassination was quickly shut down
The Best of Paul Craig Roberts Is President Trump a Traitor?
As many as 50 aid workers are believed to have been among the 1,200 people infected with the more dangerous airborne pneumonic strain of the disease Officials Warn: Airborne Black Death Epidemic Could ‘Explode’
She has none Stacey Abrams is a sore loser just like Hillary Clinton and this little temper tantrum she put on display will probably sink any chances she may have had in the future to run again
It isn’t a surprise that so many have decided to educate their children themselves And as schools continue to fail, and authoritarian policies continue to wreak havoc on our society, more will wake up to the absolute horror of what allowing the state to educate our children has done to the moral fabric of humanity
McCarrick will become the norm, not the exception, and confidence in the leadership and moral authority of the Catholic Church will remain in the toilet indefinitely  exactly as the forces of darkness intended all along
The non-Muslims are nothing but dirt Allah has created them to be partisans of Satan; most treacherous in regard to all they do; whose whole endeavor in this nether life is useless, though they themselves imagine that they are doing fine work
Even Senators Jeff Flake, Bob Corker and Lindsey Graham, who have all said Ford needs to be heard, have indicated that if she does not show up for Monday's hearing, they will schedule a vote on Kavanaugh's confirmation On Thursday afternoon, Ford's highly partisan, activist attorney emailed Grassley saying, although her client strongly prefers that an investigation take place beforehand, Ford will testify next week, but she cannot do so on Monday
Aiken was a Dem fundraiser, her husband was the chair of the Oregon Dem party, appointed by Bill Clinton Aiken was unqualified for her role, except in the ways that mattered to the Clintons and their Dem allies
” On on the Jewish people: “You are wicked deceivers of the American people
… The assault on our country at our Southern Border, including the Criminal elements and DRUGS pouring in, is far more important to me, as President, than Trade or the USMCA
The Daily Mail report continued: Soros, for his part, compared Orbán unfavourably to both the Nazis and the Communists, saying his rule evoked dark tones from the 1930's, when Hungary was allied with Nazi Germany
” If this is rightly to be considered a serious moral responsibility for every believer, how much graver is it for the Church’s supreme pastor, who in the case of McCarrick not only did not oppose evil but associated himself in doing evil with someone he knew to be deeply corrupt He followed the advice of someone he knew well to be a pervert, thus multiplying exponentially with his supreme authority the evil done by McCarrick
The Muslim photographer Askia Muhammad, who took this photo of candidate Barack Obama and vicious jihad-supporting racist Louis Farrakhan, knew this would impact the election: he said so And so he conspired with the terror group, the Nation of Islam, to keep it hidden for 10 years
There are many things that we heard from Ford on Thursday that indicate there is more going on than she was willing to say Clearly, Ford has been outed as a radical political activist who promotes baby murder and other unlawful actions
"(T)his is the kind of work the US Government needs to do every day to make our sanctions regimes effective without creating such burdens on allies and partners that they are pushed to work around our financial dominance," Blanc said A former administration official told CNN that reports suggesting they were planning to restore Iran's access to the US financial system "were absolutely false," that the license was "totally in line with our well-known obligations under the deal
He shows no hint of racism or of white supremacism The writer of this shoddy article is working at one of the most elite universities in the world, on research funded by the European Union, and giving advice based on this sloppy thinking to those who are in charge of manipulating and policing the communications and information we have online
That, of course is not her role The only claim they have before a Federal court is if they got the due process that Congress gave those illegal aliens
” It is so far unknown when these documents will be declassified in an unredacted version, but it is safe to say that Democrats are probably panicking right about now
We have since updated the story to reflect their denials This defensive Guardian claim is, like its story, evidently completely false
The Middle East has become a land of people who leave their own lands behind ” He cried: “Indifference kills, and we desire to lift up our voices in opposition to this murderous indifference
No amount of chest-thumping and empty rhetoric by American political and/or military leaders can offset this harsh reality This is the critical lesson of Yemen, and the United States would do well to heed it before it tries to foment a crisis based upon trumped-up charges
 Constitution clearly states that all citizens are born with inalienable rights to be free from persecution by the government,” Saucier said “My conviction and subsequent  for a minor military infraction compared to the treatment of politically connected individuals is a glaring example of a violation of the rights of all Americans to have equal protection under the law
In fact – and this point has tended to get glossed over in the press – Barros is accused by the victims of having been in the room, watching at the time, and of engaging in sexual activity with Karadima This is not, therefore, merely a matter of a bishop or colleague discovering the abuse after the fact, but of being a voyeuristic participant
Many people were tortured and were starved to death there […] “The Jews were banished, tortured, and annihilated because of their deeds
They will not have sense They will be outside the church
In the early twelfth century, the Fatimid caliph Al-Amir bi-Ahkamillah issued this edict: Now, the prior degradation of the infidels in this world before the life to come—where it is their lot—is considered an act of piety; and the imposition of their poll tax [jizya], “until they pay the tribute out of hand and have been humbled” (Koran 9:29) is a divinely ordained obligation…
Julian Assange called it "a hack job in the purest sense of the term" Harding is also known as plagiarizer
The pictures are often gorgeously detailed eye candy, but the latest batch of images from the space agency is remarkable for an entirely different reason Captured by NASA’s New Horizons spacecraft, the images were gathered at a greatest distance from Earth than any in the history of mankind
J Street "Kapos" May Un-Endorse Dem Rep Over "Jewish Question" Anti-Israel activist group J Street was very outraged when its leaders were described as "Kapos"
 Marine Corps by openly proselytizing for communism in New Orleans is able to saunter across the Cold War stage of history, not long after the McCarthy hearings, without nary a care in the world? The answer: Helms lied
Despite the fall of his friend Pineda, Maradiaga continues todefend and protect the homosexual corruption of his own seminary, involving incontrovertible evidence of rampant sodomy among the seminarians he refuses to dismiss, rejecting all the evidence as “gossip ” Concerning Maradiaga, who is also mired in financial corruption for which he offers no credible explanation, Viganò provides this withering assessment of the man and his relation to Bergoglio:
Putting aside freedom of speech, the persecution of this man has been something that should horrify all free-thinking people If it doesn’t horrify us, then we have surrendered something very valuable
I have often asked myself: "Why has Jesus let all of this happen?" The only answer that comes to mind is that Jesus wants to manifest just how weak is the faith of many within the Church, even among too many of her bishops
“In dogmatic questions, there cannot be a plurality,” he added There is only one Magisterium, he said, and bishops' conferences can only decide about pastoral questions
S  Conference of Mayors will continue doing everything in our power to keep our communities safe so that children and families are able to live free of the fear of being gunned down
Is it simply that we have moved so far away from the ancient Faith that we no longer have a realistic notion of the Faith ourselves to make a comparison, to make an objective judgement? The “progressive” destroyer of Ottaviani inheriting his office and the epithet “arch-conservative”…
There were people that went over there and tried to leave and there were cops that were telling them no, you can’t go out here, you have to go the other way,” he shockingly concluded This stunning testimony is obviously a huge bombshell in the ongoing investigation of the Las Vegas mass shooting and is sure to continue to add credence to the growing belief that we are not being told what actually happened that fateful night
 embassy in Israel to Jerusalem The motion also notes that the neighbouring Royal Borough of Greenwich formally adopted a similar motion in December last year…
I have a number of friends who have escaped abusive marriages They tell me that Pope Francis is sounding more and more like the men who abused them
Tommy is a hero It is a disgrace that he is still in jail
 Conference of Mayors registers its strong support for extreme risk protection order laws and urges both states and the federal government to enact such laws," the group wrote They are fully in support of violating the Fifth Amendment rights of otherwise law-abiding citizens based on merely the fact that someone claims that a family member is a harm to themselves or others, even though they have not committed a crime
It’s tough to handle now that we know not all of us were against this, so we may be even more divided than ever At least in CA/NY though, you can rest assured that the Latinos of these blue states need your thoughts and prayers, at least for them and their families
David Hickey, a spokesman for the Security, Police, and Fire Professionals of America (SPFPA), Campos’s union, said he got a text that Campos had been taken to an urgent care facility, UMC Quick Care But UMC Quick Care says none of their clinics filled out an intake request for a patient by that name, and Campos has been silent since the text; vanishing into thin air
When he moved a few feet across the room, the noise stopped When he got back into bed, the agonizing sound hit him again; as if, he told doctors, he had walked through some invisible wall cutting straight down the middle of his room
Why yes, yes, he did! Not only that but it appears the MBFC doesn't know the documented history of CNN's complete fabrication of "news," telling stories that never happened
To have the confiscation order lifted, the gun owner must provehe does not pose a threat to himself or others Proving a negative is nearly impossible
” He mentions the Holy Father's letter to the Buenos Aires bishops, but he fails to take into account that the statement of those Argentine bishops can be interpreted in an orthodox way, as Cardinal Müller told Edward Pentin in a Sept
All of this happened before Bergoglio, bowing to worldwide public pressure, finally—only weeks ago—took decisive action against his “trusted counselor ” McCarrick had lobbied for Bergoglio’s election, along with Maradiaga and the infamous Cardinal Danneels, who covered up homosexual rape committed by a priest against his own nephew,has supported “same-sex marriage,” and advised the King of Belgium to sign a law legalizing abortion in 1990
," he added “It’s not necessary to agree with everything he says, it’s not necessary to approve of everything he does, but history will judge him as being on the right side of a struggle between good and evil,” Batten continued
If Manafort had really visited Assange, it would have long been known: In sum, the Guardian published a story today that it knew would explode into all sorts of viral benefits for the paper and its reporters even though there are gaping holes and highly sketchy aspects to the story
But if you are a freedom-loving American who values your liberties and the God-given right to defend them, happy is NOT what you should be feeling right now You should be OUTRAGED at Donald Trump, and you should be absolutely determined to be ever vigilant against ANY attempt from Democrats or Republicans from federal, State, or municipal government to enact further restrictions against your right to keep and bear arms—because Trump has opened the door not only for more gun control but also for gun confiscation
We're told Paddock shot himself in the head, right? Why would the autopsy report be something that needs to be withheld from the public or his family?
Instead of establishing judgment within the gate and hating the evil and loving the good (Amos 5:15) in hopes that the Lord may be gracious to their repentance (2 Corinthians 7:10), they reject the counsel of God against them by hating the good and loving the evil, and that to their own damnation They care more about the approbation and favor of men than they do that of the Living God and what His Word declares (Galatians 1:10),not knowing that which his highly favored among men is an abomination unto the Lord (Luke 16:15)
” “I personally know [Farrakhan], I’ve been to his home, done meetings, participated in events with him,” Davis told TheDC “I don’t regard Louis Farrakhan as an aberration or anything, I regard him as an outstanding human being who commands a following of individuals who are learned and articulate and he plays a big role in the lives of thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of people,” he emphasized later
Wills’ peaceful fantasy Qur’an raises one massive question that the author does not and cannot answer: if the Islamic holy book is really as peaceful and benign as Garry Wills makes it out to be, why do so very many Muslims worldwide misunderstand it? The Islamic State (ISIS), in its heyday, quoted the Qur’an frequently -- odd behavior if the group actually was ignorant of, indifferent to, or in violation of the book’s core tenets
Following is a transcript: Jihad Al-‘Ayesh: “Some people have shown up with a new fashion We used to think that fashion has to do with haircuts, clothes, or lifestyle, but the vogue today is to sympathize with the Jews and to shed crocodile tears about their sorrows, their heresy, and their historical lies
So much for the much-vaunted Islamic “tolerance” in Europe, the tales of which Islamic scholar Akbar Ahmed is using to fool gullible Westerners today, and soften their resistance to mass Muslim migration into Europe and North America Don’t allow yourself to be fooled: arm yourself with the truth by preordering The History of Jihad From Muhammad to ISIS — click here to do so now
Ex-Speaker Boehner should probably re-check the old party's pulse, for the Bush-Boehner GOP may not just be napping It could be comatose
[6] “justice and beneficence” are considered on behalf of the community, not the patient [7] Bioethicists take it as read that in order for a life to have sufficient “quality” it must demonstrate sufficient autonomy
John Allen’s instant analysis attempting to impeach Viganò’s testimony is, as one would expect from him, a bit craftier His opinion is: “Take it seriously, but with a large grain of salt
Disturbing video of young Trump Supporter having his MAGA hat stolen and a drink thrown in his face The civility of the Left on full display… pic
According to the White House petition on behalf of Dwight and Steven Hammond by Protect The Harvest: The Hammond case is viewed by many in the West, and indeed across the nation, as a manifest miscarriage of justice akin to double jeopardy
We had our partners help spread the word about our features on social media, including YouTubers and influencers like Dulce Candy, Jorge Narvaez, Jessie y Joy, Barbara Bermudo, and Pamela Silva of Univision, Jackie Cruz aka La Flaca from Orange is the New Black, and more We promoted our partner the Latino Community Foundation’s non-partisan #YoVoyaVotaryTu (I’m going to vote, are you?)
By merging Iran’s external aggression with its internal repression, Trump signaled a readiness to drive a wedge – or expand the wedge – between the authoritarian theocrats that rule Iran and the largely secular, multiethnic and pro-Western people of Iran Trump then turned his attention to Iran’s illicit ballistic missile program, its sponsorship of terrorism, including its links to al-Qaida, its aggression against its neighbors, its aggressive acts against maritime traffic in the Straits of Hormuz, and its bids to destabilize and control large swaths of the Middle East through its proxies
Associated Press reported that the Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew and other Orthodox Patriarchs met with Pope Francis on Saturday, and that the Pope had some strong words to say about the persecution of Christians in the Middle East The Pope couldn’t resist an anti-Semitic shot at Israeli “occupation,” but he also seemed to denounce Islamic jihad activity, saying: “So many conflicts have been stoked too by forms of fundamentalism and fanaticism that, under the guise of religion, have profaned God’s name – which is peace – and persecuted age-old neighbors
Today I’ve received an interesting document issued by the Carmelite Order in Europe following a meeting of the “Federations of Discalced Carmelite Nuns of Europe & the Holy Land” in Avila, February 2009 As a snapshot of the current condition of Carmelite monastic life after it had been completely “federated,” it paints a depressing picture; but as a demonstration of what “federations” are likely to achieve once Cor orans is implemented universally, it clangs in the mind like a funeral bell
We’ll all be waiting with bated breath Trump To Sessions In Series Of Tweets: ‘Stop The Rigged Witch Hunt NOW!’
They can damage parts of the ear such as hairs that pick up sounds, but again it is reported that large equipment would be needed for such an attack Other theories behind the health issues in Cuba include the use of electromagnetic weapons, which can target highly-focused energy at potential victims
Nothing done in Helsinki made life easier for the Putin regime in its continued economic decay and diplomatic isolation due to the sanctions regime Finally, a brief word about the strong language and vicious comments about the president
What was the GOP establishment's reply to the opposition to amnesty for illegals and calls for a moratorium on legal immigration, to assimilate the tens of millions already here? To call them nativists and parade their moral superiority
After responding to a question about Vigano’s very serious accusations, he said point blank, “I will not say a single word on this ”… [F]or the rest of the week and more, he kept up an unmistakable theme of calling for silence, equating silence with holiness, and painting himself as a Christlike victim in his silence
Of course not This massive Democrat voter fraud could be the end of our free republic
PROOF: The LVMPD And FBI Failed To Catalog At Least One Deceased Las Vegas Massacre Victim As Death Toll Rises In what can only be described as gross negligence or a massive cover-up of the truth, the F
Donald Trump has ratcheted up his pressure on Attorney General Jeff Sessions, saying in a tweet that the Attorney General of the United States should step in and put an end to Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s long-running Russia probe ‘Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now,’ the president tweeted
ATLANTA — The record-setting prison sentence given to Reality Winner has caught the attention of President Donald Trump, who used it to take another dig at Attorney General Jeff Sessions In an early Friday post on Twitter, Trump wrote that her  of 63 months in federal prison was unfair and accused Sessions of having a double standard
, are all members of the conspiracy to overthrow democracy in America and establish the undisputed rule of the military/security complex The idiot presstitutes’ hatred of Trump might leave them unaware of the conspiracy in which they are participating, but there is no doubt that the American presstitutes are engaged in the overthrow of American democracy, however little of American democracy still exists
The Guardian had to publish an apology The new Guardian story looked like another weak attempt to connect the alleged Russian malfeasance with Assange and the Wikileaks publishing of the DNC emails
Are these really the values the US should be promoting? The CIA might as well start issuing uniforms decorated with skulls and lightning bolts
You lied to me, didn’t you? You’re a liar, aren’t you?
A tribunal of bishops, requested by his own sex abuse commission, was ignored and then Francis summarily removed two of the CDF staffers in charge of handling such cases, famously refusing to give any reasons to CDF prefect Cardinal Müller who was soon to be dismissed In fact, the chaos and lack of commitment on the issue has come under harsh criticism from at least one member of the pope’s now-defunct sex abuse commission, a loudly trumpeted part of Bergoglio’s early scheme of reform
Fleet did not respond to a request for comment Kiko said in an April 2018 hearing spurred by the scandal that he was powerless to stop members who refused to fire a bad actor
Tillerson said he will remain in his post until March 31 but is delegating all authorities for running the State Department to Deputy Secretary John Sullivan and is committed to ensuring “an orderly and smooth transition ” The deposed diplomat also made a clear statement about Russian aggression: “Much work remains to respond to the troubling behavior and actions on the part of the Russian government
Moving on to Haspel, who will now be heading the CIA, nothing’s looking any brighter She’s a big fan of torture, according to a 2013 Washington Post article pointed out this morning by The Intercept:
Any nominee for Director of the CIA must pledge without reservation to uphold this prohibition, which has helped us to regain our position of leadership in the struggle for universal human rights—the struggle upon which this country was founded, and which remains its highest aspiration Americans who value the Constitution should take this rare moment to agree with McCain
8 Bring Counter-Jihadists into the Government
Is it a violation of submission to God's principles to keep preaching, “Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins…”? Absolutely not!
” His Twitter thread begins here: Somehow the openly racist and anti-Semitic Farrakhan and his hateful organization have managed for decades to avoid being harshly denounced as such by the news media, which instead has spent the last two years attempting to smear Donald Trump as the new Hitler
There are new flows of money there that we will report on then the next couple of weeks There were also some personal business projects, some very senior Clinton people that got a remarkable infusion of cash from Russia
Officials have reported infections in 17 of the island nation’s 22 regions since the outbreak started in August And the number of cases is growing by the day, said Elhadj As Sy, the secretary general of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC) as the nation put all hospitals on high alert
 Tedros “Hidden underneath this fear-mongering message of a global pandemic is a far more sinister W
Since he was arrested in 2010, Assange has not been charged with a single crime His treatment amounts to the most unprecedented persecution
Recall that this was the very first airplane interview, on the trip back to Rome from World Youth Day in Rio, a matter of weeks after his election At the time, the papal apologists sprang instantly into action and we heard all about how the pope was talking strictly within the boundaries of Catholic doctrine
The Democratic presidential contenders are uniformly calling for Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s report on Russian tampering in the 2016 presidential election to be released publicly – while at least one high-profile candidate wants Attorney General Bill Barr to testify on the findings Minutes after the news broke Friday afternoon that the long-awaited report had been submitted to Barr, the White House hopefuls quickly fired off statements calling for the Trump administration to ensure the documents go public
But the debate over this belongs in another forum And whatever the answer, it does not mean that the effort to empower Muslims who want to make the anti-jihadist Islamic vision possible should not be made
” Amazingly, the surveillance camera captured what seems to show a “large amount” of wind and debris being kicked up by a nearby helicopter hovering above the attack and or taking part in it
Both forms of the plague can be cured with antibiotics, but getting treatment quickly is the key to survival It’s Airborne: Officials Warn That The “Black Death” Plague Could Spread Rapidly
Those “reforms” included abandonment of the Vatican’s strict pre-conciliar instruction (1961) that “advancement to religious vows and ordination should be barred to those who are afflicted with evil tendencies to homosexuality or pederasty, since for them the common life and the priestly ministry would constitute serious dangers ” Today, neo-Catholic commentators, cowed by the demands of political correctness, refuse to state the simple truth that homosexuality is a perversion that precludes ordination as does any other grave psychological disorder
” Concerning Maradiaga, who is also mired in financial corruption for which he offers no credible explanation, Viganò provides this withering assessment of the man and his relation to Bergoglio: In a team effort with Cardinal Rodriguez Maradiaga, [McCarrick] had become the kingmaker for appointments in the Curia and the United States, and the most listened to advisor in the Vatican for relations with the Obama administration
The campaign to discredit Archbishop Viganò began instantaneously on the Catholic left wing Only hours after Viganò’s sworn testimony appeared online, the professional Catholic dissident Sean Michael Winters, writing for National Catholic Reporter, smeared the former Apostolic Nuncio to the United States, who holds doctorates in both civil and canon law, as “a trafficker in conspiracy theories who mixes fact, fiction and venom,” “more than a little obsessed with homosexuality”—like Oliver Stone, who “was obsessed with the grassy knoll”—“a disgruntled former employee” and “always a crackpot
In Wake Of Elections, Migrant Caravan Resumes March Towards US Border Of course, the news of the migrant caravan has largely been abandoned due to the elections and what appears to be voter fraud and election meddling and manipulation across the country, but that doesn't mean that thousands of migrants from Central America have abandoned their quest to enter our country illegally
At a recent dinner of the UK Independence Party (UKIP), which he formerly headed, Farage said: “If dealing with Islamic fundamentalism becomes a battle between us and the entire religion, I’ll tell you the result: we’ll lose We will simply lose…
The aides named are Imran Awan, his wife Hina Alvi, his brothers Abid and Jamal, and his friend Rao Abbas, Pakistani-born aides And the father of Muslim spy ring Imran Awan transferred a USB drive to a Pakistani senator and former head of a Pakistani intelligence agency
“In fact there are two members of Congress, Republican and Democrat, right now, who serve — who have…engaged in sexual harassment ” Speier said one of the harassers has propositioned women with the comment, “Are you going to be a good girl?” Another has exposed his genitals, she said, and some victims have had “their private parts grabbed on the House floor
- Bishop Thomas Olmsted of Phoenix, Arizona, issued a statement affirming that he has known Viganò for 39 years, has “always known and respected him as a man of truthfulness, faith and integrity” and that his testimony should “be taken seriously by all…” - Archbishop Allen Vigneron of Detroit, Michigan issued a statement calling Viganò’s account “another daunting challenge to our confidence in the reliability of the Church’s leadership, during a summer of devastating news regarding clergy sexual abuse and infidelity
If Kavanaugh Is Not Confirmed By Senate, Then We Are All Just One Accusation Away From Ruin If Christine Ford were to make her accusation in any courtroom in America, even a mediocre defense attorney could shatter her credibility within minutes under cross-examination
” “To have a federal president who can decide to take the novices away, or take all our finances, or tell the Holy See we’re no longer ‘viable’ – this is a disaster
Even before that testimony, however, the fall of McCarrick and the Pennsylvania grand jury report had already presented a Sisyphean task to neo-Catholic apologists for the decrepit Novus Ordo status quo and the ill-starred Council that launched its installation Yet there is little doubt they will continue the same polemic that for nearly sixty years has doggedly defended every one of the ruinous “reforms” that have resulted in a debacle without equal in Church history, even considering the Arian crisis of the 4th century
View the other investigative reports in this series: Gillum Makes Promises He Can’t Keep, “that’s not for [voters] to know” Says Campaign Staff in Undercover Video – PVA
Mark it down: Any law demanding the citizenry to surrender their AR-15 rifles would be unconstitutional, unnatural, and unbiblical And NO Christian or other free man should ever comply with such a law
The whole sequence of events surrounding how this allegation has suddenly come to light reeks of a set-up, reminiscent of how Anita Hill surfaced in a last-minute attempt to derail Justice Clarence Thomas's Supreme Court confirmation Christine Blasey Ford claims, according to the Washington Post article, that “one summer in the early 1980s, Kavanaugh and a friend — both ‘stumbling drunk,’ Ford alleges — corralled her into a bedroom during a gathering of teenagers at a house in Montgomery County
Now, President Trump has gone along with it My guess is that one of two things will occur with the FBI investigation: (1) Absolutely nothing will be found, and this will have been a huge waste of time or (2) look for this thing to expand and the need will arise to make this more of a circus than it already is, which will dwarf anything Clarence Thomas had to face from the slanderous accusations of Anita Hill
Wouldn’t it be more logical to either have the shots fired from the rear, where Oswald was, or, alternatively, place Oswald in the front, where the shots were fired? That’s where the brilliance, ingenuity, and cunningness of the cover-up come into play
The book illustrates how the Jihadist Psychopath has, with the help of the Left, successfully built his totalitarian plantation in the West -- on which the political and cultural establishment is now enslaved and dutifully following his orders Jamie outlines the frameworks of this tyrannical plantation and how those who are trapped on it, and yearn for freedom, can best escape
’” Bu Jihad Watch, August 13, 2018: Seriously? If they had been Christian and white, stockpiling weapons and plotting school shootings, with the ringleader being the son of one of the most respected Christian preachers in the country, there wouldn’t have been news coverage of anything else for weeks
The larger-than-usual outbreak had helped spread the bacteria that causes the plague more widely This along with poor sanitation and vector control on Madagascar meant that "when (the plague) comes again it starts from more stock, and the magnitude in the next transmission could be higher than the one that we saw," Tedros said
Cheng’s comments came after at least 171 people died in Madagascar over an outbreak of plague Nine countries were urged by the World Health Organisation (WHO) to prepare for a black death attack, at the end of October
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use However, the cable news channel is showing more and more that it is not fair and balanced and is far from what conservatives think it is as it blasted the White House about not giving little Jimmy his press pass back
” Exactly what this “special need” is that can constitute a Gestapo like police state surveilling its own citizens is a moving target that has already been proven to be abused over and over again
Bishop Morlino Targets ‘Homosexual Subculture’ in the Church, Calls for Reparation to Sacred Heart of Jesus Editor’s Note: Over the years, Bishop Robert Morlino of the Diocese of Madison has confirmed several of my children according to the traditional Rite of Confirmation, as his diocese has been a port in the storm for many displaced and disillusioned Catholic families
 Ford's wishes And then, and then as no doubt was expected, if not planned, came a long series of false last-minute smears designed to scare me and drive me out of the process before any hearing occurred
1: a forcible indoctrination to induce someone to give up basic political, social, or religious beliefs and attitudes and to accept contrasting regimented ideas 2: persuasion by propaganda or salesmanship (source) (Here’s an article from Psychology Today that discusses how Facebook is, in fact, brainwashing people for profit
They’re neither “far-right” nor “Islamophobic”; they’re just factual Once again the media are blaming the messenger instead of dealing with Islamic violence
Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved Now when they saw the boldness of Peter and John, and perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men, they marvelled; and they took knowledge of them, that they had been with Jesus
The election is over and hardworking Georgians are ready to move forward We can no longer dwell on the divisive politics of the past but must focus on Georgia’s bright and promising future
First, the very people who have been loudest in attacking President Trump about his performance at the Helsinki summit are the people who failed to protect America from Russian meddling in 2016 The very intensity and nastiness of former CIA Director Brennan and former Director of National Intelligence Clapper is an attempt to distract attention from their failure to protect America
Trump offered this assessment of his hand-picked attorney general recusing himself from the Justice Department’s special counsel probe of Russian election meddling: “What kind of man is this?” Trump, in an interview that aired Thursday morning, also blasted Sessions because, he said, the former Alabama senator “never took control of the Justice Department
” Trump was, unfortunately, following the example of his two immediate predecessors when he claimed that “Ramadan reminds us of the richness Muslims add to the religious tapestry of American life,” and was severely misleading the American people
Boy, I hope you never get it I hope the American people can see through this sham, that you knew about it and you held it
Central actors have suggested instead that the emails were leaked from within the Democratic party Nonetheless, this unverified allegation has been aggressively exploited by the Democratic leadership because it shifts attention away both from its failure to mount an effective electoral challenge to Trump and from the damaging contents of the emails
So, despite Google’s best efforts to help Clinton win the election, it simply wasn’t enough Meanwhile, Google has yet to answer why their search results for the word “Idiot” are vastly different from DuckDuckGo:
7%, while the number of unemployed immigrants fell 129,000—down by 11% ADVANTAGE AMERICANS
And Satan is going down And Farrakhan, by God’s grace, has pulled a cover off of that Satanic Jew, and I’m here to say your time is up, your world is through
It was one of the most brilliant and cunning ruses in history They get the body out of Parkland by force, in violation of Texas law, and put it in the hands of the military in Maryland, which conducts a secret fraudulent and bogus autopsy
Over the last 28 days, we reached 7,088,000 people on Facebook The timing of this purge is rather dubious in my view, coming shortly before the midterm elections
Give me another position Medicare for all, that will never happen
Article posted with permission from The Free Thought Project Texas: Cop Walks Into Home She Thought Was Hers, Kills Innocent Homeowner—Not Arrested
’” Trump has also vigorously denied any wrongdoing and has repeatedly branded the probe as a “total witch hunt
Furthermore, Orban has also called out the man behind the curtain in a lot of the promoting of this Muslim invasion of the West, George Soros Anti-jihadist activist Pamela Geller praised Orban for his honesty and wrote, "At last, a politician who speaks the truth about the Muslim invasion of Europe
Authorities are also investigating whether or not Kazi was suffering from any mental health issues Here again, this is just more of the general refusal to acknowledge the 800-pound gorilla sitting in the living room and screaming “Allahu akbar
This is another example of how foreign lobbies and special interest groups maintain an iron grip on our foreign policy Does anyone really think Iran will be better off if Trump puts a bunch of “former” terrorists in charge of the country?
And what do you say? No more!
Nothing less will do Bishop Morlino has now done it, and we respectfully demand that the rest of the American bishops either follow suit or face the charge of being complicit with the degenerate and even criminal shepherds, accounts of whose betrayal and vice now dominate the news
Because the disease can be spread easily through a cough or sneeze, experts are fearful It would take just one infected traveler who made it to Africa’s mainland or even nearby British honeymoon paradises like Mauritius, the Maldives or the Seychelles to spread the disease globally
To our seminarians: If you are unchastely propositioned, abused, or threatened (no matter by whom), or if you directly witness unchaste behavior, report it to me and to the seminary rector I will address it swiftly and vigorously
” And how does the Church “address” a massive infestation by homosexual priests and prelates without removing them from authority and ensuring that they cannot promote homosexual successors for generation after generation? Faggioli has no answer because what he is really arguing—the final beachhead of the neo-Catholic defense of their disintegrating regime—is that homosexuals in the hierarchy must remain in authority as an indispensable seawall against a “neo-traditionalist” storm surge
” These are odd statements coming from Pope Francis, a world-class Islamopanderer; notice that he said nothing about who was doing the persecuting, and implied that it was the fault of powers outside the Middle East
Grown-ups know all that and don’t have to be reminded every time the subject arises The Dems know that most Republicans come to this conflict with the huge disadvantage that results from accepting your opponent’s dubious ideology and dishonest narrative
The status quo is not acceptable in Washington, and once people truly understand how deep the corruaption runs I believe that they will get motivated to finally drain the swamp once and for all So yes, I am going to share some things in this article that are truly disgusting, but the goal is to show you that it is time to take our government back from the corrupt career politicians that are completely and utterly out of control
None of the foregoing is meant to suggest that the homosexual invasion of the Catholic hierarchy is confined to American prelates and priests The spread of clerical sodomy has not respected national boundaries but rather extends throughout the Church under the eyes of a Vatican apparatus that is itself thoroughly infested with homosexuals
The lawmaker said he wants the nation’s counterterror agencies involved in the investigation “If ISIS warns about an attack and then an attack occurs and claims responsibility after the fact, it seems to me that at a minimum, they should have some portion of the investigation to clearly debunk that claim and, yet, it hasn’t happened,” he said
Now, from East Africa to Sri Lanka in the Indian Ocean, and from the South and East China Sea to Taiwan, Beijing’s expansionist ambitions have become clear And where are the Republicans responsible for building up this potentially malevolent power that thieves our technology?
Elijah set the record straight when he answered, "I have not troubled Israel; but thou, and thy father's house, in that ye have forsaken the commandments of the LORD, and thou hast followed Baalim (1 Kings 18:18) Is this a violation of God's principles when it came to submission to authority?
… ‘Silent Donation’: Corporate Emails Reveal Google Executives Tried to Turn Out Latino Voters Who They Thought Would Vote For Clinton
Richard Conroy, the founder of Sick Holiday, has sent a chilling warning to UK authorities Conway is saying it’s “only a matter of time” before the disease arrives on British soil
88) and to Qur'anic Suras that mandate the Hijab for women (24:31; 33:59) and sanction sexual slavery (4:3; 33:50) One thing we know for sure is that, despite this lifting of Jamie’s ban, Facebook and the leftist totalitarians in other social media venues and in the culture at large will continue their unrelenting effort to suffocate dissent and conservative voices
Last July, Major General Mohammad Bagheri, the Iranian Revolutionary Guards (IRGC) military commander and chief of staff of Iran’s armed forces, warned that “putting the Revolutionary Guard in the terrorist lists with terrorist groups can be very costly to the United States and its military bases and forces in the region ” IRGC commander Mohammad Ali Jafari said on October 8th that "if the news is correct about the stupidity of the American government in considering the Revolutionary Guards a terrorist group, then the Revolutionary Guards will consider the American army to be like Islamic State all around the world
The authorities recorded more than 2 000 cases, and Tedros said Wednesday the death toll stood at 207 He also pointed to the presence of the pneumonic version, which spreads more easily and is more virulent, in the latest outbreak
“The government was taking a very harsh position that threatened both your reputation and liberty,” the civil lawyer wrote in one email In another, she added, “As you will recall the gov’t made serious threats sufficient to cause you to withdraw your civil complaint
She noticed that Latino voters did record-breaking numbers, especially in states like Florida, Nevada and Arizona — the last of which she describes as “a key state for us ” She brags that the company used its power to ensure that millions of people saw certain hashtags and social media impressions, with the goal of influencing their behavior during the election
When Putin blocked the Obama regime’s invasion of Syria and bombing of Iran, the neoconservatives paid Putin back by using NGOs and Ukranian politicians financed by Washington to overthrow the democratically elected government of Ukraine and to put in office a government hostile to Russia The intent was to use Ukraine, a Russian province for more than three centuries, to create problems for Russia that would absorb Russia’s attention and return a free hand to Washington and Israel in the Middle East and also to evict Russia from its Black Sea naval base in Crimea
New tension comes as former Trump campaign chair Paul Manafort goes on trial, facing unrelated financial-crime charges, with Mueller’s team prosecuting him Donald Trump has ratcheted up his pressure on Attorney General Jeff Sessions, saying in a tweet that the Attorney General of the United States should step in and put an end to Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s long-running Russia probe
Half of South Korea’s capitol, Seoul, is within range of North Korean heavy artillery and rocket batteries dug into the so-called Demilitarized Zone It would take only three nuclear weapons to shatter Japan and just two to cripple South Korea, not to mention polluting the globe with radioactive dust and contaminating North Asia’s water sources
Quite obviously, it is because what they are actually closing an episcopal eye to are the folks who want to keep right on sinning--and sinning proudly This is what the Church of Accompaniment is all about!
They wanted to hold off as long as possible on identifying this terrorist as another Muslim, and this as another jihad terror attack Protecting the image of Islam, not protecting the public, still seems to be the most important priority for all too many American officials
” “The only charge against this bishop has been discredited by the Court of Justice, so please do not lose your serenity, you suffer, but because you are foolish
The Synod declared that Benedict IX (who had refused to appear) was deposed notwithstanding his attempt to undo his resignation As for Sylvester, the Synod declared that he be “stripped of his sacerdotal rank and shut up in a monastery
In the meantime, a delegation of the USCCB, headed by its president Cardinal DiNardo, went to Rome asking for a Vatican investigation into McCarrick Cardinal DiNardo and the other prelates should tell the Church in America and in the world: did the pope refuse to carry out a Vatican investigation into McCarrick’s crimes and of those responsible for covering them up?
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use “The Latest: Compound incident called anti-Muslim propaganda,” Associated Press, August 10, 2018 (thanks to the Geller Report):
Will there be wall-to-wall coverage in the media eviscerating Gilllum for making promises he can’t keep? Will Gillum be asked to denounce his campaign staffer using a racial slur to demean white voters in Florida?
On the one hand, it knows that those records will further implicate the CIA in the Kennedy assassination On the other hand, it knows that by seeking continued secrecy, it’s essentially an implicit acknowledgment of guilt
Worse, it emboldened the mullahs (appeasement tends to do that) who seemed to revel in Obama’s groveling Iran’s mischief-making extends far and wide but it is in the Arabian Gulf where friction between the IRGC and the United States Navy remains constant
“Should Barr announce his intention to cover up Mueller’s report, we would take to the streets in ‘Trump Is Not Above the Law’ rapid-response protests around the country,” the group’s statement read “We will not allow Trump or his hand-picked attorney general to get away with obstructing this criminal investigation, and we will not allow Congress to abdicate its responsibility under the Constitution
’” Apparently, this “integrity” is not worth preserving and the Dallas police are going out of their way to keep a killer cop on their payroll
Representatives are to magnify the law, not tear it down; and yet, this is what the biblically illiterate are teaching others to do, submit to the tyrants and resist God, His Church and His Word (Micah 3:5) I ask, are Christians to submit to those who have sanctioned the murder of the innocent in the womb (Exodus 20:13; Proverbs 6:17)?
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use And just what kind of policies are we talking about?
I also oppose it because it's just another step for the federal government to say they need a database so states can check, thus identifying gun owners and possibly their weapons “People are dying of gun violence in our homes, churches, schools, on street corners and at public gatherings, and it’s important that lawmakers, policy leaders and advocates on all sides seek common ground to address this public health crisis,” said AMA Immediate Past President David O
S Yes, there is an argument to be made that Islam cannot be Islam without Jihad
The Muslim Brotherhood document, the Explanatory Memorandum, has made it clear that the Brotherhood’s objective is to destroy our civilization from within by our own hands with the influence of these groups Moreover, as Robert Spencer advises, there needs to be legislation that will bar all such groups and affiliated individuals from advising the government or receiving any grants from it
A few health experts have warned that there is no threat to the UK, however, some have warned the plague outbreak will certainly spread to the region Richard Conroy, the founder of Sick Holiday, has sent a chilling warning to UK authorities
This astonishing departure follows an implied but very clear assertion that Ricca has repented and given up his activity, an assertion that has absolutely no evidence to back it up We are simply asked to take the pope’s word for it, but given that it follows his astoundingly brazen lie that there was no evidence for Ricca’s homosexual activity in the first place, we can take the assurance for what it seems to be worth
 Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif ) and backed financially by George Soros’s money, Ford’s lawyers spent the last few days gaming the system
I mean, after all, Barack Hussein Obama Soetoro Sobarkah is out of office so these things aren't really going on in America, right? Here's the thing, while this is making major news, you should be reminded that for decades, at least 22 verified Islamic jihadi camps have existed on American soil under the watchful, or maybe not so watchful, eye of the FBI, including one in the very country I reside in within eyeshot of a nuclear power plant
” After that, Murillo says she cannot communicate with key organizers of the effort by Google and its partners—a project known as HOLA—because she is afraid of secret pro-Trump spies on the listservs created
Make Senators go on the record with their votes, and hold them to account in November Put to the test the Dems’ claims that a critical mass of women, many of them with sons they don’t want falsely accused, believes the fundamentalist feminist narrative and will vote accordingly
 Danny Davis defended Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan as an “outstanding human being” on Monday Farrakhan’s history of racially extreme comments includes blaming Jews for the September 11 attacks, saying white people “deserve to die” and praising Adolf Hitler as a “very great man
Flashback in 2004, when up until then, Barack Obama couldn’t win an election But during his 2004 campaign for the Senate, Obama and his corrupt party in Chicago somehow managed to unseal the divorce records of his opponent Jack Ryan, who was leading by a large margin
We talked about his famous victory — in the 1980s when, as a young barrister, he had fought the British Government’s attempts to suppress free speech and prevent the publication of the book Spycatcher — in its way, a WikiLeaks of the time, for it revealed the crimes of state power The prime minister of Australia was then Julia Gillard, a Labor Party politician who had declared WikiLeaks “illegal” and wanted to cancel Assange’s passport — until she was told she could not do this: that Assange had committed no crime: that WikiLeaks was a publisher, whose work was protected under Article 19 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, to which Australia was one of the original signatories
It would do you well to now look to the Christ when He said that we are to beware of the leaven of the Pharisee’s (corrupt doctrines of those who claimed to be the children of God), as well as the leaven of Herod (corrupt doctrines of government) (Mark 8:15) If you remember, it was those same people who called for the crucifixion of Christ while crying out “We have no King but Caesar” (John 19:15)
Millions of residents still don’t have access to electricity or proper health care, and bacteria in the water have exposed many people to disease And calls for help have gone unanswered besides the few willing to travel to the devastated island privately
“Remember our saying, modern-day fairy tales start with ‘once I am elected,'” Smith says NEW VERITAS: FL Gov Candidate Staffer Who Went to College with Gillum: "Not for voters to know" programs won't happen, “Modern day fairy tales start with once I am elected” Florida is a "F***ed up" "cracker state" FULL REPORT: https://t
Of course, this leads many to believe that Campos didn’t even exist, to begin with His mere existence appears to have been fabricated by the very authorities who are cramming lies down our throats about this massacre for the sake of political agendas
We emphasized our mission to give Latinos access to information so that they can make an informed decision at the polls, and we feel very grateful for all the support to do this important work Latinos voted in record-breaking numbers, particularly with early votes
Dr  Tedros Adhanom, director-general for WHO, has said that the next outbreak that will hit us will be a “terrible” one, causing a large death all over the world
The CJC is a human rights and pro-national security group that is dedicated to protecting America and the West from Jihad -- and Muslim and non-Muslim people from Sharia oppression The question remains: why would Facebook remove such a page, let alone in such a fascistic manner -- and never explain why?
Those are important discrepancies, and if six years ago she told the therapist four men and says two men now, that suggests that her memory of the event may be suspect As a former trial lawyer, I can tell you that while neither notes nor memories are infallible, in a contest between contemporaneous notes and later verbal testimony about those notes, the content of the written notes usually prevails
The enemies of Francis have declared war ” Notice that for Winters it is not the Church or the integrity of her doctrine and discipline that must be defended against enemies, but only Bergoglio and the regime of novelty he is leading to its final extremity
White people are potential humans – they haven’t evolved yet On Hezbollah: “They call them terrorists, I call them freedom fighters
Yet, still, the GOP establishment has not repudiated the mindset that produced this With the Cold War over for a quarter of a century, what is the case now for America, $20 trillion in debt, going abroad in search of monsters to destroy?
Emergency screening has begun at the Kenya-Uganda border in Turkana after all three members of the same family died of the disease in Uganda Health workers have been asked to work with communities to stop the deadly Marburg outbreak from devastating communities in the rural region
When dealing with the restoration of the sacred liturgy, the Fathers of the council, by reason of their pastoral concern for the whole Church, considered it of the highest importance to exhort the faithful to participate actively with sound faith and with the utmost devotion in the celebration of this Most Holy Mystery, to offer it with the priest to God as a sacrifice for their own salvation and for that of the whole world, and to find in it spiritual nourishment This was, remember, 1965, four years before the New Mass was issued and before Cardinal Ottaviani warned the pope that it was precisely this sacramental reality that was about to be catastrophically obscured
A jihad group explained it back in 2012: “The month of Ramadan is a month of holy war and death for Allah It is a month for fighting the enemies of Allah and God’s messenger, the Jews and their American facilitators
It also says the way the administration revoked the pass, with no direct notice to Acosta or a written explanation detailing the decision, violated the Fifth Amendment’s protection of due process and the federal Administrative Procedures Act “This severe and unprecedented punishment is the culmination of years of hostility by President Trump against CNN and Acosta based on the contents of their reporting — an unabashed attempt to censor the press and exclude reporters from the White House who challenge and dispute the president’s point of view,” the suit says
[1] “Not one victim has come forward in Chile; show me the proof This is slander and calumny
The censorship of independent media is irrelevant in a sense, because the shift will continue to happen, change will continue to happen, and information that the deep state does not want the public to become aware of will keep making its way into transparency Independent media will continue to have the opportunity to share information because of a lack of credible information and plain truth within the mainstream
3% reduction ADVANTAGE IMMIGRANTS
" Tina Dupuy writes in The Atlantic that Franken put his hand around her waist while the pair posed for a photo and squeezed "at least twice" during an event in 2009
Instead, they’re so hellbent on destroying President Trump that they have directed all their energy to retailing Soviet fictions and titillating porn stories House investigators found the House server was being used for nefarious purposes: the alleged Muslim spies were removing information and sending it for foreign actors
” “It’s a hoax, beyond a witch hunt,” Trump said
A report released by Republican senators on the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigation said the Obama administration didn't tell Congress that it sought access for Iran and, in its eagerness to clinch the nuclear deal, was trying to dodge sanctions that remained in place following the 2016 agreement "The Obama administration misled the American people and Congress because they were desperate to get a deal with Iran," said Sen
President Trump is taking the high road and is avoiding attacking Ford, which isn’t a risky move given how obviously unbalanced the accuser is Ford is already doing an excellent job destroying herself without Republican assistance
Cardinal O'Malley, whose spokesman referred requests for comment to the Vatican, has earned respect for his work in tackling sex abuse by clergy in Boston Cardinal O'Malley's disgraced predecessor, the late Cardinal Bernard Law, had moved paedophile priests between parishes rather than addressing victims' claims
“I believe that it’s 100 percent likely that plague will arrive in the UK once more – it’s just a question of ‘when’, not ‘if’ And it’s not an exaggeration to say that this is a real threat – a ticking time bomb that’s waiting to decimate the world,” Conroy continued
Judge Kavanaugh should have to prove that he is not guilty, they are in effect insisting This is another case of Kavanaugh Derangement Syndrome
Abd al-Mumin…the leader of the Almohads after the death of Muhammad ibn Tumart the Mahdi…captured Tlemcen [in the Maghreb] and killed all those who were in it, including the Jews, except those who embraced Islam… [In Sijilmasa] one hundred and fifty persons were killed for clinging to their [Jewish] faith…
S  can be laid by strictly legal means … We have a well-organized political-action group in this country, determined to destroy our Constitution and establish a one-party state … It operates secretly, silently, continuously to transform our Government … This ruthless power-seeking elite is a disease of our century… This group … is answerable neither to the President, the Congress, nor the courts
You ain’t supporting shit nigga,” and then throws the drink in the face of a 16-year-old boy With MAGA hat in hand, the man walks away saying “Bitch ass motherf**ker
 Debra Hilstrom (D-Brooklyn Center) was quick to voice her concern over the accusations, calling on Ellison to “answer these allegations ” DFL-endorsed candidate for attorney general of Minnesota Matt Pelikan also reacted to the story, calling the allegations “extremely troubling
” I replied that we were just establishing for the record that under no conditions would the Democrats, who wanted more government, vote for a tax rate reduction even if there was a case that it would cure stagflation He replied: “son, the military/security complex doesn’t care
If Manafort had really visited Assange, it would have long been known: In sum, the Guardian published a story today that it knew would explode into all sorts of viral benefits for the paper and its reporters even though there are gaping holes and highly sketchy aspects to the story
, repeated endlessly in the propaganda ministry that is the Western press, encourages Trump can be assassinated or overthrown in a political coup for selling out America to Russia, as members of both political parties claim and as the media trumpets endlessly
It is welcome that finally there has been a little pushback, including from leading journalists, to the Guardian’s long-running vilification of Julian Assange, the founder of Wikileaks Reporter Luke Harding’s latest article, claiming that Donald Trump’s disgraced former campaign manager Paul Manafort secretly visited Assange in Ecuador’s embassy in London on three occasions, is so full of holes that even hardened opponents of Assange in the corporate media are struggling to stand by it
” Yes, Francis should resign if Viganò ’s allegations are true, Shea admits—a stunning concession coming from him Yet, making no attempt to refute Viganò’s account on the merits, he tries to wave it all aside with his usual mode of argument—puerile mockery: “But at present, the eagerness of the Greatest Catholics of All Time to believe and repeat everything their itching ears want to hear about this Pope whose living guts they have hated from the moment of his election only tells in his favor, not against it
” Giuliani added, “I’ve looked at all those tweets and they don’t amount to anything
Trump’s order to release the documents comes after months of requests from GOP lawmakers, while the DOJ has repeatedly denied their requests for more transparency The FBI’s spy…
Eyewitness Confessional: There Was An Active Shooter Targeting The Bellagio Hotel During The Las Vegas Massacre In yet another astonishing eyewitness report that contradicts the official story surrounding the worst mass shooting in American history, a married couple who were celebrating their 10th anniversary in Las Vegas at the time of the shooting have come forward to reveal that there was an active shooter inside the Bellagio Hotel around the same time that supposed lone gunman Stephen Paddock was found dead
 Barr to make the full report public and provide its underlying documentation and findings to Congress,” they said “Attorney General Barr must not give President Trump, his lawyers or his staff any ‘sneak preview’ of Special Counsel Mueller’s findings or evidence, and the White House must not be allowed to interfere in decisions about what parts of those findings or evidence are made public
And guess what, next time a man is nominated to a position who really has committed a crime, people will be that much less likely to believe his accuser Way to go!
The truth is that the Guardian has not erred in this latest story attacking Assange, or in its much longer-running campaign to vilify him With this story, it has done what it regularly does when supposedly vital western foreign policy interests are at stake – it simply regurgitates an elite-serving, western narrative
Politics trumps evidence in California once again ” For Jeff Sessions San Francisco’s sanctuary city policy “led to the preventable and heartbreaking death of Kate Steinle
28:18) after His Resurrection From that point on it is Christ who delegates the divine authority to punish by killing, and both Scripture and tradition testify that it is lawfully wielded by those to whom He entrusts the temporal sword in His Kingdom
[my emphasis] Francis is abdicating the mandate which Christ gave to Peter to confirm the brethren Indeed, by his action he has divided them, led them into error, and encouraged the wolves to continue to tear apart the sheep of Christ’s flock
If a thorough investigation was considered to be so important, why didn't Senator Feinstein set the ball rolling back in July when she first received word of the allegation? The answer is that this is all a ruse to block Judge Kavanaugh's confirmation by all means necessary
Why did God judge Sodom and Gomorrah? It's the same reason that he is judging America today (Amos 4:12), He cannot find the righteous in order to spare her (Jeremiah 22:3)
The complex and its political and media agents will not permit Trump to normalize relations with Russia To prevent President Trump from reducing the dangerous tensions between nuclear powers that Washington has created, the military/security complex orchestrated Russiagate, a proven hoax, but believed by many due to its endless repetition
I encourage all parents looking at alternatives to government schools —alternatives that provide children with a well-rounded education that introduces them to the history and ideas of liberty — to go to RonPaulCurriculum com for more information about my homeschooling program
This is why they should be honest about who they are and name themselves the Non-American Medical Association I'm all for situations like Nikolas Cruz who assaulted teachers and students being arrested and tried and dealt with lawfully, but to go seizing people's property and denying them their liberty base on the hearsay of another person is anti-constitutional and anti-American
The Trump administration is taking real actions designed to weaken Russia and force Putin to change his aggressive behavior The Trump administration has levied tough sanctions on Russia
The fortunes that the Washington Post and the New York Times made on Mueller leaks and conspiracy theories are priceless The Mueller report with its inevitable lies, smears and assaults from the Obama/Clinton team behind the grim face of Robert Mueller is in
The chairman of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Devin Nunes (R -Calif ), reportedly hailed Trump’s order, saying it covers “pretty much everything that he wanted … and the text messages are a bonus
He’s also never criticized the incredibly repressive leaders of Saudi Arabia He’s never criticized the fascist president of the Philippines
And we know exactly what the reaction would be if a student paper refused to publish any pro-Islamist content Jewish and Pro-Israel Students Kicked Off University Board for Opposing BDS
Ms  Mallory, who declined to comment for this article, did not respond to calls to condemn Mr
It is mercy for the predator priests,” she told EWTN’s Raymond Arroyo on the February 8 episode of World Over “There are many people who know the Pope from Argentina who have said this is classic Bergoglio to provide mercy to the predators and ask everybody else to move on,” she added
America's Immigration Voice. Earlier, I blogged that the police had released the name of the suspect in the murder of two white Westerville, OH cops (Quentin Lamar Smith) but no picture had appeared
You can unsubscribe at any time The group also passed a resolution backing red flag laws that allow “family members and law enforcement to seek court permission to temporarily remove guns from a person in crisis
The mass immigration of Third World peoples that began with the 1965 immigration act, and the decline in the birth rate of native-born Americans, began to swamp the Nixon-Reagan New Majority Second, the collapse of the Soviet Empire and USSR removed the party's great unifying cause from Eisenhower to Bush I—the Cold War
Thirdly, what does “volume of complaints” mean? How many complaints were received over a YEAR’S time?
It's the same reason that he is judging America today (Amos 4:12), He cannot find the righteous in order to spare her (Jeremiah 22:3) Defining the Wicked…
It isn’t a surprise that so many have decided to educate their children themselves And as schools continue to fail, and authoritarian policies continue to wreak havoc on our society, more will wake up to the absolute horror of what allowing the state to educate our children has done to the moral fabric of humanity
Western authorities should be pondering his words, and their implications, very carefully Instead, if they have taken any notice of him at all, which is unlikely, they have dismissed him as an “extremist
Jamie is, of course, no stranger to social media censorship -- especially of the insane variety The Counter Jihad Coalition's (CJC) Facebook page, which Jamie helped run with CJC President Steve Amundson, was removed a few years ago with absolutely no explanation
How fortuitous and revelatory that McCarrick, the Molester would divulge his personal role in the pre-Conclave lobbying effort to elect Jorge Bergoglio as Pope The notorious lavender mafia anxiously sought a simpatico Pope to advance its reformist homosexual agenda
” It begins: “The alleged ‘Holocaust’ of ‘6 million Jews’ at the hands of Adolf Hitler and National Socialist Germany during WWII is the biggest lie ever foisted upon humanity ” It was produced by The Realist Report, an anti-Jew, anti-black, anti-gay independent media outlet, which describes Hitler as “the greatest leader in modern Western history
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Maybe he should have taken the time to look to the founding forefathers and that document which they drew up called “The Declaration of Independence
That sounds wonderful, and certainly pleasing to multicultural ears to learn that the Qur’an is more merciful than the New Testament Until one realizes that, in his discussion of apostasy in the Qur’an, Wills has omitted all mention of the primary Qur’anic passage on this topic:
He suppressed what happened in Baghdad that day, dismissed it as simply “one bad day in a surge that was filled with such days,” and then had the temerity to lavish praise on the unit in a book he called “The Good Soldiers ” Julian is right to emphasize that the world is deeply indebted to patriotic truth-tellers like the sources who provided the gun-barrel footage and the many documents on Afghanistan and Iraq to WikiLeaks
“We read the headline and thought WOW, we did it!” Murillo’s email continues by including another headline, this time from the New Yorker’s Benjamin Wallace-Wells: “Latino Voters Show Trump What It Means to Be American
) is planning a procedural vote on Saturday to formally move to the nomination, followed by a potential confirmation vote by the full Senate as soon as Tuesday, Politico reports A handful of Democrat senators, including the perpetually vulnerable red-state senator, Joe Manchin of West Virginia, are reportedly considering voting to confirm Kavanaugh when the nomination goes before the full Senate
Shortly after the nuclear deal was sealed in July 2015, then-Treasury Secretary Jack Lew testified that even with the sanctions relief, Iran “will continue to be denied access to the world’s largest financial and commercial market ” A month later, one of Lew’s top deputies, Adam Szubin, testified that despite the nuclear deal “Iran will be denied access to the world’s most important market and unable to deal in the world’s most important currency
But if you are a freedom-loving American who values your liberties and the God-given right to defend them, happy is NOT what you should be feeling right now You should be OUTRAGED at Donald Trump, and you should be absolutely determined to be ever vigilant against ANY attempt from Democrats or Republicans from federal, State, or municipal government to enact further restrictions against your right to keep and bear arms—because Trump has opened the door not only for more gun control but also for gun confiscation
That was a very important piece of information for people to know and understand By doing that, WikiLeaks performed an extraordinary public service, while at the same time making some very serious enemies
” Was Pope John Paul THE GREAT an intolerant homophobe?
The Mueller probe saw several within Trump's orbit indicted, but not Trump’s family or Trump himself Some notable figures who have pleaded guilty in charges stemming from Mueller’s investigation are Trump’s former personal attorney Michael Cohen, Trump’s former campaign chairman Paul Manafort, and former White House National Security Adviser Michael Flynn
After Washington overthrew the rulers of Iraq and Libya, it became painfully apparent that small nations without nuclear weapons were vulnerable to US ‘regime change’ operations The North Koreans, who are very eccentric but not stupid, rushed to accelerate their nuclear weapons and delivery systems
Clinton Email IG Report Rips FBI, Comey, & Lynch… Plus A Whole Lot More! Inspector General Michael Horowitz’ report on the FBI’s handling of the Clinton email investigation has finally been released to the public and while it does indeed lambaste former FBI Director James Comey for his terrible judgment and handling of the Clinton investigation, it stops short of blaming it all on politics
Many people were tortured and were starved to death there […] “The Jews were banished, tortured, and annihilated because of their deeds
None of these statements can be backed up by facts The facts refute their arguments, but beyond that, the Second Amendment recognizes the right to keep and bear arms is a right given to us by our Creator, not a permission we gain from government
During the Myers controversy, defenders of his appointment, including some figures named here, claimed that it was an issue of apolitical scholarship Is co-sponsoring events with a hate group that has sponsored talks by a woman who accused Jews of drinking blood also apolitical scholarship?
Benedict reacted, despite Sodano’s strenuous defense, and Maciel was found guilty and irrevocably condemned It is no coincidence that, as I detail in my book on the Third Secret of Fatima, Sodano and Bertone have also taken the leading role in suppressing the integral Secret and reducing the Message of Fatima in general to a generic prescription for personal piety, stripped of its prophetic and admonitory content regarding the epochal malfeasance and corruption of the upper hierarchy to which they belong
The facts refute their arguments, but beyond that, the Second Amendment recognizes the right to keep and bear arms is a right given to us by our Creator, not a permission we gain from government So, while they tell you they support the Second Amendment and that their unlawful policies are consistent with it, nothing could be further from the truth
In fact, the evidence shows that Ricca is completely in line with Bergoglio’s normal procedures As “Marcantonio Colonna” wrote in the Dictator Pope, “In fact his patronage of Monsignor Ricca fits the pattern which was well established when he was Archbishop of Buenos Aires, whereby he surrounds himself with morally weak people so as to have them under his thumb
Unbelievable! Sharia New Mexico: Islamic compound jihadis RELEASED on bond after charges of “Islamophobia” and “racism” (Islam is not a race)
The president, who has repeatedly claimed that the Mueller investigation is “illegal” and a “WITCH HUNT” driven by angry liberals, made clear to reporters at the White House earlier this week that the coming report was, of course, weighing on him “Let it come out, let people see it,” Trump said, characterizing the probe and report as “ridiculous,” as he left the White House on Wednesday
I would love to believe that the fact Julian has never met Manafort is bound to be established But I fear that state control of propaganda may be such that this massive “Big Lie” will come to enter public consciousness in the same way as the non-existent Russian hack of the DNC servers
Muslim Leader Calls for Conquest of “America, Britain, Russia, France, and Italy” Recently a Muslim spokesman in Tunisia named Said Khecharem, who is affiliated with the international pro-Sharia, pro-caliphate organization Hizb ut-Tahrir, declared (to delighted screams of “Allahu akbar” from his audience), that the “establishment of an Islamic state…requires the conquest of America, Britain, Russia, France, and Italy – Rome and other infidel lands will be conquered, Allah willing
The Guardian is only one of many which peddle smears and disinformation about the 'enemies' of the ruling 'western interests' It is on all of us to debunk them and to educate the public about their scheme
Not “homosexual,” not “same-sex attracted,” but “gay,” meaning that he started by adopting the entirety of the homosexualist movement’s linguistic manipulations Language counts in politics, and a pope using that term means he is by implication starting the discussion – and his pontificate – by aligning himself with the basic tenets of a movement that is violently opposed to Catholic moral teaching, and in direct opposition to his immediate, and still living, predecessor
Law and order is likely to be a major issue in a parliamentary election scheduled for September with the populist, opposition Sweden Democrats linking public concern about the rising crime rate to a large increase in the numbers of immigrants … “People are shot to death in pizza restaurants, people are killed by hand grenades they find on the street,” Sweden Democrat leader Jimmie Akesson said in parliament on Wednesday
” Jimmy Whitworth, professor of International Public Health at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, told The Sun: “It has been a long time since we have seen the plague in an urban environment
org are preparing new attacks against the Freedom Center and other conservative groups and individuals 24/7 To be sure, the Left's attacks on the David Horowitz Freedom Center continue unabated: just recently a hit piece in the Washington Post smeared a stand-up noble gentleman like Florida Gubernatorial Candidate Republican Ron DeSantis, libeling David Horowitz in the process
The poor, the middle income You have to whip them up into a frenzy in order for them to vote" because Florida is a "F***ed up," "cracker state," "you have to appeal to white guilt" pic
Now, President Trump has gone along with it My guess is that one of two things will occur with the FBI investigation: (1) Absolutely nothing will be found, and this will have been a huge waste of time or (2) look for this thing to expand and the need will arise to make this more of a circus than it already is, which will dwarf anything Clarence Thomas had to face from the slanderous accusations of Anita Hill
Disgraceful!’ Trump To Jeff Sessions: Put An End to Russia Probe - Prosecutors Doing Mueller’s ‘Dirty Work Are A Disgrace’ To America
It's sociology that worries me Sociology helped generate a whole range of fake new academic subjects while corrupting existing ones into a toxic stew of racism and meaningless jargon
As Trump grandly proclaimed, Americans no longer have to fear North Korea and can sleep peacefully at night! Why?
