Et tu, Rhody?  A recent editorial in the Providence Journal cataloged everything it could find wrong with Connecticut and
A recent post in The Farmington Mirror — our town’s version of The Onion — encouraged parents to take advantage
President Donald Trump, as he often does while responding to natural disasters, mass shootings or unfolding crises, spent much of
February is Black History Month, and nothing looms larger in black history than the evil specter of slavery. Three exhibits
The snow was so heavy, whipped up by gusting winds, that travel was nearly impossible. Thousands abandoned their cars. Ambulances
Four months after the Sandy Hook School shootings, the Connecticut legislature passed one of the nation’s strongest gun control laws
The first major newspaper article about Donald Trump, in 1973, described him as surrounded by “slinky fashion models.” If you
For three years, starting in 2008, New York art dealer Robert Simon sat on the art world’s most stunning secret.
President Donald Trump's tumultuous administration and his sagging job approval numbers in Connecticut pose a delicate dilemma for the Republicans
With Hartford on edge about the future of Aetna here, CVS Health Corp. chief executive Larry Merlo traveled to the
An employee at a Hibachi Express in Florida has been sentenced to seven years in prison for putting plumber's lye
With the toll of the carnage from the country’s latest school shooting still unclear, politicians in Connecticut are sending a
The State Department's point-man on North Korea, Joseph Yun, will leave his post on Friday, even as there are glimmers
The Trump Organization announced Monday that it donated the profits from "foreign government patronage" at its hotels last year to
Aer Lingus’ service from Bradley International Airport to Dublin — and connections to two dozen cities — fell short of
For its show “Constellations,” which ends its run Feb. 22, TheaterWorks cleverly redesigned its performance space from a proscenium to
The Corporation for Public Broadcasting (CPB) announced a grant of $199,394 to Connecticut Public for the American Graduate: Getting to
All five members of New Britain’s state legislative delegation appear to be seeking re-election this year.  Democratic representatives Peter
The leader and second in command of a credit-card fraud scheme that targeted high-end retailers along the East Coast, including
After eight years as the state’s relentless champion for better education, Gov. Dannel P. Malloy failed to mention schools in
Aetna Inc. is being sued in yet another legal action over the disclosure of HIV information of thousands of insured
Erin Stewart will be out of sight, but not out of mind thanks to Twitter when Republicans hold their gubernatorial
Dozens of Meriden residents and city officials have rallied around a local woman who is facing deportation back to Ecuador
Two classic American novels will no longer be required reading in eastern Minnesota schools because they contain racial slurs. 
We asked our friends on Facebook and Twitter to fill in the blank: “The state of the state is ___.”
MassMutual announced Thursday it is closing its office in Enfield, which employs 1,500, and will expand operations in Springfield and
Amid federal inaction on gun control, the Democratic governors of Connecticut, Rhode Island, New York and New Jersey have formed
Linda Greenhouse, the award-winning New York Times reporter who covered the U.S. Supreme Court for 30 years and writes an
Stephen Colbert would like to change the voting age.  "Until we do something about guns, you can't vote if
In the wake of the shooting death of 15-year-old Ethan Song in Guilford last week, police said Wednesday they are
Between family tension, health issues, a destroyed reputation and exile from the community of Roman Catholic nuns she helped found,
At an emotional discussion on school shootings at the White House Wednesday two parents who lost their first-graders in the
An older woman walking in West Suffield was hurt Tuesday afternoon when she was hit by a commercial truck, Suffield
A 27-year-old Hartford man was charged Thursday with criminal possession of a firearm and possession of drug paraphernalia after officers
Gov. Dannel P. Malloy will deliver his final budget address Wednesday as part of the long landing that will see
A few months ago, several members of the Unitarian Universalist Church in Meriden went to a rally to support a
A Hartford drug dealer with a decades-long criminal history was sentenced Monday to 40 months in prison, federal authorities said.
For yet another day, cancer patients at Connecticut Children’s Medical Center felt Kyla Pokorny’s compassion.  Pokorny, of Enfield, was
When Mayor M. Saud Anwar reviews a list of what makes a community sustainable, he sees a lot of familiar
The wife of slain University of Connecticut medical school professor Dr. Pierluigi Bigazzi was placed on house arrest Tuesday while
A female Glastonbury police sergeant — who complained last year that a man was promoted over her to lieutenant, even
For his first prediction as state groundhog, Chuckles IX boldly differed with his more famous national counterpart, telling Manchester Mayor
Cities and towns would lose $32 million in regular municipal aid, and Connecticut’s wealthiest communities would see the elimination of
A Spanish citizen and a man from Springfield have been charged by Connecticut authorities with “jackpotting” — a new twist
With outrage over the Florida and Las Vegas mass shootings fueling momentum, gun-control advocates are pushing to pass two key
New Britain Mayor and potential Republican candidate for governor Erin Stewart traveled to Washington Wednesday to discuss urban revitalization with
The mill reported 100 to 200 gallons had spilled, and Waterbury fire chief David Martin had no reason to think
Dainty but durable, elegant yet affordable — this was Washington Sheffield’s vision for toothpaste in a tube, first conceived in
The day after announcing her exploratory campaign for governor, New Britain Mayor Erin Stewart turned on a talk radio station
After 75 years, the so-called alimony deduction will soon be dead, a casualty of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
White House Chief of Staff John Kelly first found his credibility being challenged in October when he leveraged his standing
White House communications director Hope Hicks finds herself in the middle of a firestorm concerning high-level staffer Rob Porter, who
This week the Pennsylvania Supreme Court released a 139-page opinion detailing why it rejected the state's Republican-drawn congressional districts for
The U.S. Senate has unanimously confirmed career prosecutor John H. Durham’s nomination to be Connecticut’s U.S. Attorney.  “John Durham
The 142nd Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show airs Feb. 11 to 13, and 128 Connecticut dogs are headed to New
As Connecticut looks to hire more engineers for the state’s booming aerospace and defense industries, universities and employers are tapping
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas ruled out the United States as a broker for peace with Israel on Tuesday, calling for
‘Torrey Pines” is many things. It’s a transgender-epiphany story. It’s a tale of dealing with parental mental illness. It’s an
There’s a fault line in the state treasurer’s race — and it runs beneath Greenwich.  On one side is
The Hartford board of education, responding to a complaint from a parent, has removed a depiction of the Confederate battle
The push for Republicans to narrow the crowded field of gubernatorial candidates is splitting the party, with some contenders embracing
Every Sunday, from May to September, four recovering addicts — Clint Morgan, Alan Patterson, Rob Makas and Jamie Wright —
Opponents of recreational marijuana legalization in Connecticut argued Thursday it would cost the state more than it would collect in
The 900 block of Wethersfield Avenue is fairly nondescript. A car wash, an apartment complex, a tiny strip mall anchored
Always an artist, Irwin Sanford (Sandy) Parisky valued and imbued design and style into every part of his life. Whether
A delegation of 48 Kingswood Oxford students attended the Yale Model U.N. in New Haven on January 18 - 21.
Not long ago, Connecticut appeared to be the last place in the country where corporations wanted to stake their future.
Jet engine maker Pratt & Whitney can’t put its engine production problems behind it, this time facing delivery suspensions by
Organized labor in Connecticut joined the national battle Monday over the future of public sector unions being decided by the
A man was shot near Albany Avenue while climbing into his car Sunday morning, according to witnesses.  Police responded
The state Department of Revenue Services is combing through customer records from major online retailers to hunt down taxpayers who
Can you tell one type of frog from another by the sound of its call? If so, FrogWatch USA needs
When it comes to Twitter insults, the tables have turned in Connecticut, where it’s the party of President Donald Trump
The investigation into the shooting death of Guilford teenager Ethan Song has been removed from the New Haven State’s Attorney’s
The legislature’s labor committee took the first small step Tuesday toward passing a controversial bill allowing for paid family and
Chris Rock's first Netflix comedy special has a premiere date just in time for Valentine's Day.  The legendary stand
Refugee families from Puerto Rico who are dropped from the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s transitional housing program may be eligible
The two women, at first, weren't sure why a police officer had approached their table at Applebee's in Independence, Mo.
When Christopher Rodriguez was a child in Ecuador, he knew he wanted to be an architect.  At Wilbur Cross
Vice President Joe Biden is a noted lover of ice cream, but how does he feel about New Haven-style pizza?
Craig McCurdy has been president of Environmental Systems Corp. in West Hartford since 1977, but he’d never claimed a pair
When drunk driving was criminalized and a definitive blood-alcohol-level restriction was passed in the 1970s, the number of drunk driving
Members of Connecticut’s congressional delegation are predicting a different type of debate about gun control when lawmakers return to Washington
The town council has passed a ban on the use, storage or transportation of fracking waste in town.  “This
One person was killed and another was critically injured in separate crashes that involved stolen cars, Hartford police said Tuesday
Next year, Trinity College students will be charged $71,660 for tuition, room and board and fees — making it likely
It was a busy weekday morning. It was early, and Jean Palin had already sent a student home from school
With the justice holding the decisive vote silent, a divided Supreme Court sparred Monday over a case that could undermine
Justice Andrew McDonald is either a judicial activist with his own agenda or a highly competent justice with impeccable credentials.
When Jerry Mercado’s mother called Carl Robinson Correctional Institution to find out why her son was out of prison on
The Farmington Valley Jewish Congregation-Emek Shalom was still a young congregation — about 13 years old — when Torah #752
A California-based legal group filed a lawsuit Thursday alleging that racial quotas used to diversify Hartford-area magnet schools violate the
A Florida high school made a 30-minute musical about the regional supermarket chain Publix.  Students of the Harrison School
In the library at Hartford Public High School, the moderator asks a group of teenagers: “Do you feel safe at
A Connecticut state trooper was killed in a head-on collision Saturday night while driving off-duty in Wolcott, officials said. 
Gov. Dannel P. Malloy’s latest budget balancing plan calls for slashing millions of dollars in state aid for Connecticut’s 33
In a rare move, some members of the British Parliament are traveling to Washington, D.C., this week to question Facebook,
A retired Hartford police officer who was shot in the arm while investigating a narcotics case in the 1970s is
Arts Center East is currently hosting its sixth annual Juried Photography Exhibit, kicking off with an opening reception on Feb.
Nathan Carman, the ex-state man who was rescued at sea in 2016, fired renowned Hartford attorney Hubert Santos Wednesday and
Prosecutors filed felony charges on Wednesday against an immigrant illegally living in the U.S. who is suspected in a drunken-driving
Gov. Dannel P. Malloy delivered his final State of the State speech Wednesday with a soaring call for “Connecticut fairness”
An application before the town planning and zoning commission is requesting that the town amend it’s zoning regulations to allow
Connecticut educators and leaders responded with a resounding thumbs down Thursday to President Donald Trump’s suggestion that districts arm teachers
When Rep. Patricia Billie Miller of Stamford graduated from an all-white private school in 1972, she was unaware that another
Putnam resident and Vietnam War veteran Alan Joslin received a Bronze Star Medal, at a ceremony at the Veterans' Coffeehouse
A suspect wanted in connection with the shooting of a man at a Main Street convenience store earlier this month
The head of Connecticut’s FBI division called President Donald Trump’s firing of FBI director James Comey “a complete shock” and
Connecticut school districts showed little improvement overall in the latest accountability data on school and district performance, released Friday by
Fifty years after the gruesome deaths of two Memphis trash collectors — which sparked a historic strike that drew the
A Hartford man faces 10 years in prison after pleading guilty Thursday to assaulting his then-girlfriend’s 1½-year-old son.  Courtney
On Oct. 28, 2015, the D.C. public school district put out a statement lauding itself, with this headline: "DC Public
The third-highest-ranking official in the State Department, who acted as a standard-bearer of diplomatic integrity and professionalism for demoralized employees
Assembling a state retirement plan for private-sector workers is being tripped up by its own complexity and changes in federal
The Hotchkiss School, one of the exclusive New England preparatory schools grappling with sexual abuse allegations from former students, has
The chief executive officer of Airbus said Thursday the European plane manufacturer will move past the latest production troubles for
A fatal outbreak of E. coli contamination that recently hospitalized at least 26 people in the U.S. and Canada—including two
A piece of folk-art antique furniture acquired by the Wadsworth Atheneum Museum of Art in 2015 is a forgery, the
Every gun in the cache owned by the father of a Staples High School student who has been contemplating a
By a 7-1 vote, the State Board of Education turned down a request Wednesday from three charter schools for 57
A member of an organization that moves heroin from Mexico into the Bridgeport area pleaded guilty on Tuesday to federal
Jeffrey Carlos Barry, 59, formerly of Meredith, NH and Portland, CT, died Monday, January 29 at his residence in Yakima,
In a switch from the past, the legislature’s general law committee will hold a public hearing on whether the state
A Belgian health company that took third prize in Connecticut’s inaugural global startup competition in 2016 is expanding its Hartford
Steven Ellam had built up a history of violence in the years before he allegedly rammed his car through the
After recording the fourth-highest rate of fatal drug overdoses in the state, Bristol is creating a 26-member task force to
John Morrison, who has programmed films for Real Art Ways in Hartford since its cinema opened in 1996, faces a
A top Justice Department official alerted the White House two weeks ago that significant information requiring additional investigation would further
Steve Martin: “We’re coming up on 80.”  Martin Short: “Steve, he didn’t ask how old you were. He asked
High school students in Connecticut are joining classmates around the country to press Congress to adopt stricter gun laws with
Olympic snowboarder Shaun White shocked and thrilled a South Korean restaurateur this week when he showed up at the man's
At 20 years old, Thomas Burke sat on an Afghan riverbank with the barrel of his rifle in his mouth.
Hours after Pratt & Whitney announced a fix to the latest problem with its next-generation jet engine, the chief executive
The salon, tucked away in a Simsbury shopping plaza, had given them a livelihood, the means to own a home
A state of emergency in Kent — hard hit by ice jams and rising water from the Housatonic River —
A driver with marijuana and crack in the car sped away from a traffic stop early Monday with an officer
Two Connecticut chefs have been nominated as semifinalists for the James Beard Foundation’s annual awards in the Best Chef: Northeast
There’s so much more to a city playground than swingsets and jungle gyms, as revealed at a Planning and Zoning
For the first time in its 147 years, the New Britain Police Department has a female captain.  “I know
Three employees were fired after an incident at an Applebee's near Independence, Missouri, left two customers feeling racially profiled. Alexis
A Farmington couple scheduled to be deported Friday was granted a stay of deportation Thursday afternoon, Gov. Dannel P. Malloy’s
Gov. Dannel P. Malloy called Thursday for widening congested I-95 in key spots in order to relieve long-running bottlenecks, starting
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency officials are planning to deny a Connecticut petition to force federal action to halt pollution from
For Erin Stewart, who would have thought that the White House would have been an easier invitation than the next
What the heck is a progressive?  Democratic gubernatorial candidate Jonathan Harris calls himself a “pragmatic progressive.” (For the purposes
Students at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High won’t have to return to the three-story building that was the site was the
In a community that knows the horror and heartbreak of gun violence, hundreds gathered Friday night at Newtown High School
The city’s tax base grew by more than 6 percent in the past year, a development that could bring in
A federal appeals court has upheld a $41.7 million jury verdict for a Connecticut private school student who was severely
A Westport man pleaded guilty Friday to patronizing a trafficked person in a case related to an alleged sex ring
Police on Friday released the names of the three motorists who were injured — one fatally — in Wednesday’s collision
A narcotics squad seized 70 pounds of marijuana and arrested two people police say had been flying to California to
President Donald Trump is receiving quite a bit of pushback for his plan for a grand military parade down Pennsylvania
Turkey said eight of its troops were killed Saturday in Ankara's military operation against a Syrian Kurdish militia, the deadliest
Oz Griebel thinks Connecticut’s businesses are experiencing a crisis of confidence.  Griebel, an independent candidate for governor and the
The National Endowment of the Arts has awarded nearly a quarter of a million dollars to 10 nonprofit Connecticut arts
Candidates for governor have been blasting out near-daily press releases touting endorsements — usually from local elected officials or town
Amid news that drug deaths topped more than 1,000 last year, state officials Monday announced a sweeping public awareness campaign
William Raveis Jr. doesn’t consider himself a political person.  He said he hasn’t been affiliated with a party in
Militias allied to the Syrian government will enter the Afrin region within hours, Syrian media reported on Monday, after a
South Africa's president Jacob Zuma again refused calls on Wednesday to resign by his own party, the ruling African National
A man who drove a van into worshippers outside a mosque in north London, killing one of them, will be
Some of Europe’s best known luxury jewellers have been accused of failing to ensure that the gold and diamonds on
The Turkish military says its warplanes have hit Kurdish YPG militia targets in the Syrian region of Afrin.  A
A U.S. decision to continue funding the Syrian Kurdish YPG militia will affect Turkey's future moves, President Tayyip Erdogan said
Hundreds of residents are being forced to queue overnight to stock up on water, as Cape Town struggles with a
American actor Willem Dafoe has received an honorary Golden Bear award at the Berlinale Film Festival for his life’s work.
Russian investigators have concluded that the plane that crashed on Sunday outside of Moscow exploded after hitting ground, said Investigative
Tonga's neighbours scrambled to deliver emergency relief on Tuesday after Cyclone Gita tore across the Pacific island nation in the
Kenya's High Court has suspended a government shutdown of three private TV channels that was prompted by their coverage of
Disbelief was written all over the face of Adina Pintilie as her film, "Touch me not", was awarded the Golden
Recep Tayyip Erdogan became the first Turkish president to visit the Pope in the Vatican in nearly six decades on
100 days have passed since the ousted Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont established what he called a "government in exile" in
Canada’s Senate has passed a bill to make the country’s national anthem gender neutral by removing the word “sons”. 
It's been a decade in existence but there's no cause for celebration here; just another delivery day at Europe's deepest
Thousands of Danes bid farewell to the late Prince Henrik ahead of his funeral on Tuesday, despite a controversy over
On South Korea’s eastern coast of one of the Winter Olympics sites of Gangneung sits a street of about 30
“The right-wing terrorist threat is more significant and more challenging than perhaps public debate gives it credit for.”  The
The head of the powerful National Rifle Association in the United States has slammed advocates of gun control, accusing some
Mary Lou McDonald was formally elected as the new leader of Sinn Féin on Saturday, taking over from Gerry Adams
Hollywood Legend Clint Eastwood turned out in Los Angeles on Monday night for the world premiere of his new movie
Pope Francis has appealed to the international community to intervene in Syria to help end the violence.  Speaking on
Mateusz Morawiecki became the Prime Minister of Poland in December 2017 having entered politics two years previously. He joined the
A new German law compelling social media sites to remove hate speech and other illegal content has come under fire
Between eastern Europe's "hostile discourse to human rights" and the rights of freedom of association and assembly put at risk
From 'manspreading' to cat calling, a poster campaign highlighting street harassment has gone viral in Iran after a top female
The UK is being urged to review its laws on sexual exploitation.  The recommendation comes from the official who
Wednesday's mass shooting at a Florida high school has reignated the fierce gun control debate in the US, with some
Under the warm midday sun that lit the city of Jacmel on Sunday, a colorful procession of spectacular masks and
There are now reports of multiple casualties including fatalities amid a shooting at a high school in the United States.
Russian investigators at the scene of a deadly plane crash near Moscow said on Sunday they were exploring all possible
The European Parliament has removed one of its vice presidents from his position after he sparked outrage by comparing a
Britain's new Home Secretary, Sajid Javid, has pledged to do all he can to help victims of the Windrush scandal
YEREVAN, Armenia — Protesters blocked some routes into Armenia's capital and a road to the airport on Wednesday after an
Dolls' heads have been popping up in the southwest of England after one resident took it upon himself to try
Liverpool have warned fans travelling to Wednesday's Champions League semi-final second leg at AS Roma, to avoid the city centre
BEIJING — Chinese feminists are trying to stay one step ahead of censors as they push the country's fledgling #MeToo
EU immigrants are having one of their first chances to vote since the Brexit referendum as local elections take place
LONDON — Meghan Markle's divorced parents will meet with Queen Elizabeth II and other royals before her May 19 wedding
An Italian magazine published excerpts from former PLO leader Yasser Arafat’s diaries this weekend, revealing evidence of a mutual non-aggression
I searched for my son’s face in the rear-view mirror. He was huddled in the shadows of the back seat.
I was raised and educated in the Givat Gonen School, founded on “the spirit of the Labor Party.” That slogan
Just a few years ago, the ultra-Orthodox community in Israel seemed poised for a revolution. Over the previous decade, signs
Over the long President’s Day weekend, the current president complained about the previous one. “Never gotten over the fact that
Sam E. Bloch, who died on February 4, 2018 at the age of 93, was one of the foremost leaders
Former CIA director John Brennan is having trouble keeping his Trump-Russia stories straight. On Meet the Press this past Sunday,
When 21-year-old popstar Lorde caved in to activists’ pressure and canceled her Tel Aviv performance for political reasons, the Boycott,
How did Israel become a place of no refuge?  That was the question posed by Rabbi Susan Silverman in
Good news: Maira Kalman’s children’s books about Max the Dog are back in print.  But why did they ever
Black Panther is the most Zionist movie I’ve seen in a long time. As I left the theater (following two
This past December, the Board of Hebrew College in Newton, Massachusetts elected its first woman president, Rabbi Sharon Cohen Anisfeld.
When my father died, there were eight people gathered around his bed. There was also a hospice worker who counted
The lives of Hannah Arendt and Gershom Scholem were variations on the same fate. Two of the greatest thinkers of
My grandmother used to cook by relying on her intuition, and a little bit of luck. “I learned by watching
Growing up Orthodox, everything I learned about women came from my non-Jewish driving teacher and old episodes of The Fresh
U.N. Secretary-General António Guterres is worried that an all-out war between Hezbollah and Israel may soon engulf the Middle East,
Considering that we would be in Taiwan for 24 hours total, my travel buddy and I didn’t worry too much
There may not be many Jews living in the Danish capital today, but the local community is world-famous for the
Literary critic Adam Kirsch is reading a page of Talmud a day, along with Jews around the world.  The
In this republican country, amid the fluctuating waves of our social life, somebody is always at the drowning-point. The tragedy
Last May, Michal Halimi, a 29-year-old Israeli woman, went missing. She was eight months pregnant. Two months later, in July,
A week ago, Alex Stein was a respected legal academic at Brooklyn Law School renowned for his work on evidentiary
Well, they had to start somewhere. Last week, Britain’s Labour Party announced the expulsion of Tony Greenstein, a Brighton-based party
Attending Bais Rivkah, the flagship Lubavitch girls’ school in Crown Heights, in the 1990s, Sara Blau had about 75 students
An eight-year-old boy was assaulted by two teenagers in Sarcelles this week. The boy was on his way to a
Last month, a photo was released of then-Senator Barack Obama and the Congressional Black Caucus with notorious anti-Semite Louis Farrakhan.
Earlier this year, The International Association for Relational Psychoanalysis and Psychotherapy announced that it will hold its 2019 meeting in
In a clever bit of counterprogramming, Symphony Space in New York City scheduled its Judy Blume party for Super Bowl
On February 14, 2018, the latest issue of Chicago’s newsweekly the Chicago Reader was deposited in boxes across the city.
Ski lifts, as a concept, don’t figure heavily into our typical conception of Jewish ritual. One wonders what would’ve been
Fred and Marcia Weisman look unhappy. The artist sets them among their sculptures, standing apart and looking in different directions.
Earlier this week, David Friedman, the American ambassador to Israel, took to Twitter to mourn Rabbi Itamar Ben-Gal, a 29-year-old
SHARE COPY LINK Durham County District Judge Fred Battaglia Jr. agreed with Durham County Attorney Lowell Siler’s argument that it
SHARE COPY LINK North Carolina citizens both in favor of and opposed to offshore drilling attended the Bureau of Ocean
In this April 7, 2016, file photo, Fantasia Barrino performs at the “American Idol” farewell season finale at the Dolby
SHARE COPY LINK Charter schools are one option in the growing "school choice" movement. Funded by taxpayer money, these schools
SHARE COPY LINK VIDEO : The Sideshow Panda Instagram account (@SideshowPanda) by photographer Bryan Regan shows off Raleigh and the
SHARE COPY LINK State Capitol Police are looking for three individuals suspected in the larceny of U.S. and N.C. flags
The U.S. Commission on Civil Rights was in Raleigh on Feb. 2, 2018, to hear testimony about the state of
A new version of a bill to address North Carolina’s GenX pollution issue passed a Senate committee Wednesday night, clearing
A new state legislative committee may consider arming North Carolina teachers in the aftermath of last week’s mass school shooting
Gov. Roy Cooper’s new legislative affairs director was a lobbyist with McGuireWoods Consulting and lobbied on behalf of Richmond-based Dominion
Raleigh attorney and lobbyist Mark Bibbs has been indicted on felony charges that he lobbied legislators on behalf of a
The late Raleigh architect Brian Shawcroft created an addition to Raleigh’s elegant little Fadum House in 2006. Shawcroft paid close
Like a snake in the grass, the proposed Atlantic Coast Pipeline would threaten Eastern North Carolina with dangers that tend
SHARE COPY LINK Generation Opportunity, a national organization for conservative millennials, is launching a digital ad campaign in the 19
Dallas Woodhouse, the executive director of the North Carolina Republican Party. Robert Willett rwillett@newsobserver.com
Republican lawmakers grilled a top aide to Gov. Roy Cooper on Thursday about a $57.8 million fund Cooper privately negotiated
Algia Mae Hinton, one of the last surviving old-style Piedmont blues players, has died at age 88.  She died
Conservative UNCW professor Mike Adams teaches his “Trials of the Century” elective class Friday, April 8, 2005 at UNC-Wilmington. Adams
North Carolina Treasurer Dale Folwell said talks between UNC Health Care and Atrium Health seem to have made little progress
Old Havana Sandwich Shop, which served croquetas, garbanzo beans and pork, guava pie and mantecaditos cookies, is closing Feb. 18,
Duke Kunshan University is processing applications from around the world from would-be members of its first class of undergraduates. Duke
Brew to the Rescue pits 15 North Carolina breweries, including Mystery Brewing in Hillsborough, against one another to raise money
A legislative deal announced Thursday means North Carolina elementary schools won’t have to reduce class sizes this year that school
Ninety minutes after Rep. David Lewis hastily called a news conference to accuse Democrats in a long-running gerrymander case of
SHARE COPY LINK A Wake County jury spent less than two hours deliberating behind closed doors before finding Chad Copley
A 2013 North Carolina law allowing volunteer officers in schools may get more attention in the aftermath of the Florida
In the wake of another school shooting, this time in Parkland, Florida, public attention has focused on money from the
A veteran Democrat in the North Carolina General Assembly announced Monday that she won’t seek re-election, saying it would be
After Robert Plant played a show at Raleigh’s Memorial Auditorium Friday night, the 69-year old Led Zeppelin frontman and his
National Park Service acting director Mike Reynolds, left, and Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke address Park Service employees at Grand Canyon
Senate Select Committee on Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr, R-N.C., left, and Vice Chairman Mark Warner, D-Va., update reporters on the
Guests enjoy brunch at Beasley’s Chicken + Honey in downtown Raleigh on Sunday, March 5, 2017. A U.S. labor department
Lawmakers could still roll out a proposal to abandon the election of judges to the state Supreme Court and Appeals
A panel of judges rejected a request from Democrats and voters who filed the first lawsuit this decade challenging North
Roy Tilley, second from the right in this 1995 photo, was a leader in the 1976 merger of Wake County
An organization aiming to help Democrats gain influence in North Carolina government faces allegations that it has violated campaign laws.
Over the past two years, for the first time since the AIDS epidemic in 1993, our country has experienced an
SHARE COPY LINK About 50 people with the Poor People's Campaign marched from a rally on Halifax Mall to the
Schools throughout the Triangle have seen such a spike in reports of school threats since the Florida school shooting that
SHARE COPY LINK From Truman to Trump: Rev. Billy Graham's relationships--and sometimes run-ins-- with every President from Harry Truman to
SHARE COPY LINK Billy Graham Evangelistic Association and Samaritan’s Purse employees gather to pay their respects to Rev. Billy Graham
Gov. Roy Cooper said Wednesday he would not veto a bill that would give North Carolina elementary schools more time
Former Gov. Pat McCrory called for an ethics investigation of his successor on Monday as legislative Republicans sent Gov. Roy
Sharon Tazewell, an anchor at WNCN CBS North Carolina since 2005, will leave the station March 1.  WNCN news
An online petition wants Wake County schools to more regularly clean cafeteria tables with something more than water. Screenshot from
Funeral and related plans for the Rev. Billy Graham, which have been in the works for years, were detailed Wednesday
SHARE COPY LINK Duke University Christian history professor emeritus Grant Wacker discusses the legacy of the late evangelist Billy Graham.
In 1947, at the age of 27, the Rev. Billy Graham began traveling across America hoping to spark a spiritual
Chef Ashley Christensen and Brewery Bhavana, each enjoying a big year of national acclaim, are semifinalists for two of the
One of the leaders in North Carolina’s school choice movement is changing jobs to take a leadership position in a
Gov. Roy Cooper has urged state lawmakers to give North Carolina elementary schools more time to reduce class sizes, but
SHARE COPY LINK Durham Democrat Mickey Michaux reflects on North Carolina politics and the importance of HBCUs in NC. Michaux,
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., who previously created a short-lived firestorm over a non-scandal about “unmasking” names from
Democrats and voters who filed the first lawsuit this decade challenging North Carolina lawmakers’ redistricting plans went back to state
Tucker Carlson, host of “Tucker Carlson Tonight” on Fox News, will speak at UNC on April 12. Charles Dharapak AP
A Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 takes off at Los Angeles International Airport in 2015. David Bro TNS
In the wake of a state Supreme Court ruling, the North Carolina Republican Party is withdrawing nominations it made in
North Carolina voters soon could find out which election districts for state Senate and House seats will be used this
Former Wake schools superintendent Jim Merrill (right) was chosen after three finalists for the superintendent’s job were named. Merrill recently
The state Supreme Court will tackle this week a case that will decide who’s in charge of overseeing North Carolina’s
Long-sought help for schools struggling to lower class sizes is now tied up with a controversial Atlantic Coast Pipeline fund
The Atlantic Coast Pipeline will bring natural gas here from Pennsylvania and West Virginia Chris Seward cseward@newsobserver.com
We’ve known for a year that the major Broadway smash “Hamilton” would be presented at the Durham Performing Arts Center.
When I was a kid, anytime the Rev. Billy Graham’s crusade was televised, we were expected to stop catching lightnin’
Our public schools are not broken. They graduate thousands of capable and curious children each year, many of whom continue
The following editorial appeared in The Wilson Times.  It’s not just a laugh line from “Animal House.” Students at
SHARE COPY LINK VIDEO : Lauren Yalango-Grant and Christopher Grant, a married dance duo from New York, work with students
It’s National Pizza Day, celebrating the cheese, sauce and crust that combine to make America’s unofficial national dish. Durham pizzeria
SHARE COPY LINK Video: Thousands descend on downtown Raleigh for the annual HKonJ march on Saturday, February 11, 2017. Casey
Sisters Zainab Hassell, left, and Mareea Hassell help at Saturday’s food drive at the Islamic Association of Raleigh, which aimed
SHARE COPY LINK Demonstrators returned to the N.C. Legislative Building on Wednesday, April 29, 2015, to mark the second anniversary
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, seen here in December 2017. Andrew Harrer Bloomberg
SHARE COPY LINK Billy Graham was born into a farming family in Charlotte, N.C. Evangelism took him around the world.
SHARE COPY LINK Next Gen TV revolves around a new broadcasting technology called ATSC 3.0, which provides 4K ultra high
SHARE COPY LINK Who will be the next Billy Graham? That's been a question for decades. But no American religious
Congo security forces violently disperse demonstrations in Kinshasa calling for President Joseph Kabila to step down.  At least one
In rare move, church leaders close one of Christianity's holiest sites over 'discriminatory' Israeli policy.  In a rare move,
British charity has received more than two dozen new sexual misconduct allegations since the Haiti scandal broke out.  Oxfam
Among the envoys is a high-ranking official and a diplomat in charge of relations between North Korea and the US.
US immigration arrests hit a three-year high in 2017, with the largest surges recorded in Florida, Texas and Oklahoma. 
More than 300 arrests made after five security forces killed in clashes in Tehran involving Sufi Muslims, reports say. 
Israel had gained air space superiority in the Middle East after it destroyed the Egyptian air force during the 1967
Lebanese PM welcomes Saudi invitation, in what would be his first visit since his 'resignation' from Riyadh in November. 
Overnight air attacks hit 19 targets, 'neutralising' dozens of Syrian Kurdish YPG and ISIL fighters, Turkish army says.  Turkey
Two Shia Muslims sentenced to death and 56 others jailed on charges of 'terrorism', prosecutors say.  A Bahraini court
President Trump is making a big deal out of the fact that former staff secretary Rob Porter is being denied
Hafiz Saeed, the alleged mastermind behind the 2008 Mumbai attacks, was recently released from house arrest.  Pakistan has banned
Much-needed food and humanitarian supplies delivered to more than 7,000 Syrians in Eastern Ghouta on Wednesday.  An international aid
Kuwait, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and several non-state actors, including the EU, promise to fund rebuilding in Iraq.  International
FBI spending too much time on Russia investigation instead of preventing Florida school shooting, US president says.  US President
The EU urged the US not to go it alone in any effort to make peace between Israel and the
Two women have accused the prominent Islamic scholar of sexual assault and rape.  French police have questioned prominent Islamic
Hamas rejects US decision to place the group's political chief Ismail Haniya on global "terror list".  Hamas has rejected
The Jewish timeline is a peculiar one-sided anti-historical narrative that inevitably begins at the point when Jewish suffering is detected
[Prefatory Note: The book is an important contribution to an understanding of two dimensions of the Palestinian experience within the
Death toll includes 20 children in Syrian government attack on besieged enclave of Eastern Ghouta, war monitor says.  At
Turkish foreign minister made remarks in response to reports that Syrian forces will fight alongside YPG against Turkey.  The
Israel to export $15bn worth of natural gas to Egypt over 10-year period.  Israeli company Delek Drilling has announced
The Psycho-Politics of Geopolitical Depression    It should not be all about Trump, although his election in 2016
Move is aimed at establishing control over Gaza's Hamas-run police stations, leading PLO official asserts.  The Palestine Liberation Organization
Death toll from a 6.4-magnitude earthquake that hit Hualien rises to 10 while rescue workers rush to save survivors. 
Speaking at Munich Security Conference, UK PM calls for continuation of European security cooperation even after Brexit.  Theresa May
Law firm Leigh Day says Tesco does not follow an equal pay policy in its stores.  Tesco is facing
Centre core of Falcon Heavy rocket hit water at 480 km/h and took out two engines of ocean landing pad,
Germany's top two political parties broker coalition deal, with Merkel set to continue as chancellor for a fourth term. 
Minister Ayelet Shaked says keeping Israel's Jewish majority is justified, even 'at the price' of rights violations.  Israel must
Judge rules it remains in public interest to enforce UK warrant against WikiLeaks founder for breach of bail conditions. 
Pity the almond tree, especially when it is in full bloom. The bloom of the almond is, in German, Mandelblüt.
A 15-day state of emergency announced by president after opposition MPs attempted to impeach government officials.  Maldives President Abdulla
Nearly two dozen civilians die in Syrian regime air raids on rebel-held Eastern Ghouta outside the capital.  Nearly two
At least 1,130 civilians were freed, and 37 suspected Boko Haram militants were killed during a joint offensive by Cameroonian
Britain says 'terror', Yemen war, Iraq and Syria to be discussed as activists raise alarm over kingdom's rights record. 
Salih Muslim, a former leader of Syria's Kurdish PYD, was arrested in Czech Republic on Saturday at Turkey's request. 
At least 17 people are dead after a gunman opened fire on a local high school in southeastern Florida. 
More than 60 targets destroyed in major military operation in the restive Sinai Peninsula, Egyptian army says.  The Egyptian
Italian airline carrier Meridiana changed its name to Air Italy with the backing of its new shareholder, Qatar Airways. 
Iraqi intelligence chief says Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi suffered severe wounds to his legs in air raid but is alive in
Civilian and military casualties reported in suicide car bombings outside counterterrorism camp in southwestern Aden.  Dozens of people have
Twin-engine turboprop operated by Iran Aseman Airlines goes down near Semirom town while en route from Tehran to Yasuj. 
Mateusz Morawiecki stands by previous statements as he rejects criticism of his country's new Holocaust law.  Mateusz Morawiecki, Poland's
Justice ministry says no evidence of their involvement with the armed group, after some detainees were held for years. 
Donald Trump has embraced the popular “peace through strength” doctrine (PTSD) with his characteristic panache:  “I’m going to make
Tawakkol Karman tells Reuters that Riyadh and Abu Dhabi occupy her country and repress democratic change in the region. 
Countries announce stricter measures as they deal with a big influx of migrants from Venezuela.  Colombia and Brazil have
Syria accuses US-led coalition of 'war crimes' after air raids in oil-rich Deir Az Zor province target its fighters. 
China foreign ministry says US should focus on promoting regional stability instead of diversifying its nuclear arsenal.  China has
Major firms learning to adapt in fight against start-ups, says IBM  Major corporations are learning to defend themselves against
At least 47 people killed on Tuesday bringing to 78 the number of deaths in the last 24 hours in
Turkish PM says two soldiers died after their helicopter was shot down during Ankara's offensive in northern Syria.  Two
Pakistan and Switzerland maintain a sound relationship. Both countries share over six decades of friendship, and have cooperated closely in
In the Brussels suburb of Molenbeek, an idea to offer digital skills to deprived youth is attracting hi-tech attention. 
At least 38 are dead in two car bomb blasts, claimed by al-Shabab, reported near presidential palace in Somali capital.
Hailemariam Desalegn's resignation comes amid political crisis and lingering unrest in the Horn of Africa country.  Hailemariam Desalegn says
UAE-backed separatists took over Yemeni government buildings but Saudis and Emiratis insist that they have same goal.  Saudi Arabia
Darren Osborne found guilty of murder and attempted murder after driving into a group of Muslims in Finsbury Park. 
Officials say they will 'confront' any attempt to change status of the Holy City as Palestinian capital.  Iran has
The New York Times recently profiled three military veterans who are running for Congress. All three are women and all
Can the Toronto Raptors beat LeBron James’ Cavaliers in their NBA playoff series despite losing Game 1?  By Mabell,
By Beeber, Al on February 25, 2018.  Tim Kalinowski  Lethbridge Herald  tkalinowsi@lethbridgeherald.com  The rich histories of
Can the Toronto Raptors beat LeBron James’ Cavaliers in their NBA playoff series despite losing Game 1?  By Schnarr,
Can the Toronto Raptors beat LeBron James’ Cavaliers in their NBA playoff series despite losing Game 1?  By Schnarr,
Can the Toronto Raptors beat LeBron James’ Cavaliers in their NBA playoff series despite losing Game 1?  By Schnarr,
Can the Toronto Raptors beat LeBron James’ Cavaliers in their NBA playoff series despite losing Game 1?  By Lethbridge
Can the Toronto Raptors beat LeBron James’ Cavaliers in their NBA playoff series despite losing Game 1?  By Kuhl,
Can the Toronto Raptors beat LeBron James’ Cavaliers in their NBA playoff series despite losing Game 1?  By Mabell,
By Lethbridge Herald on February 23, 2018.  Herald launches online Oscar contest  Al Beeber  Lethbridge Herald 
Can the Toronto Raptors beat LeBron James’ Cavaliers in their NBA playoff series despite losing Game 1?  By Kuhl,
Can the Toronto Raptors beat LeBron James’ Cavaliers in their NBA playoff series despite losing Game 1?  By Kuhl,
Can the Toronto Raptors beat LeBron James’ Cavaliers in their NBA playoff series despite losing Game 1?  By Schnarr,
Can the Toronto Raptors beat LeBron James’ Cavaliers in their NBA playoff series despite losing Game 1?  By Martin,
Can the Toronto Raptors beat LeBron James’ Cavaliers in their NBA playoff series despite losing Game 1?  By Lethbridge
By Lethbridge Herald on February 1, 2018.  J.W. Schnarr  Lethbridge Herald — TABER  jwschnarr@lethbridgeherald.com  The Town
Can the Toronto Raptors beat LeBron James’ Cavaliers in their NBA playoff series despite losing Game 1?  By Schnarr,
Can the Toronto Raptors beat LeBron James’ Cavaliers in their NBA playoff series despite losing Game 1?  By Sulz,
By Lethbridge Herald Opinon on February 2, 2018.  Today is the deadline to apply for the Canada Summer Jobs
Can the Toronto Raptors beat LeBron James’ Cavaliers in their NBA playoff series despite losing Game 1?  By Mabell,
Can the Toronto Raptors beat LeBron James’ Cavaliers in their NBA playoff series despite losing Game 1?  By Mabell,
Can the Toronto Raptors beat LeBron James’ Cavaliers in their NBA playoff series despite losing Game 1?  By Shurtz,
By Lethbridge Herald on February 17, 2018.  J.W. Schnarr Members of the Lethbridge Bangledeshi community came together Saturday night
By Lethbridge Herald on February 5, 2018.  On Monday, after failing to locate the rightful owner, Lethbridge City Council
Can the Toronto Raptors beat LeBron James’ Cavaliers in their NBA playoff series despite losing Game 1?  By Mabell,
Can the Toronto Raptors beat LeBron James’ Cavaliers in their NBA playoff series despite losing Game 1?  By Mabell,
© AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite, File In this Thursday, Jan. 25, 2018, file photo, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky.,
FRANKFURT—A major Latvian bank facing U.S. sanctions for allegedly helping North Korea will be wound up under local laws after
The operation sounds like a normal tech-savvy ad agency.  There's a graphics team. There is a team devoted to
© Photo by Buda Mendes/Getty Images  Photo by Buda Mendes/Getty Images  Vitor Belfort will meet friend Lyoto Machida
© Justin Tang NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh lamented what he described as a concentration of wealth in the top 1
© Liverpool Echo He was handed a suspended 20 week prison sentence for the assault A mother-of-two who was left
An Iraqi court on Monday ordered the release of a French female jihadist sentenced to seven months in prison for
© Provided by Bauer Media Pty Ltd Mary has rushed to the bedside of her sick father-in-law. Prince Frederik has
For the past three decades, Aussie parents have loved the name Jackson. Like Jack, but a bit longer. A cool
Editor’s note: The opinions in this article are the author’s, as published by our content partner, and do not necessarily
Holi is less than a week away, and just like us we are sure you can't wait for the feasting
India’s diplomatic efforts have paid off in the Doklam controversy, government told a House panel on Thursday even as the
In a big breakthrough, the CBI on Thursday arrested Rotomac Pens owner Vikram Kothari and his son Rahul Kothari for
Despite the mutual chilliness between U.S. and North Korean officials in South Korea last week, behind the scenes real progress
The Government has threatened to cut aid funding to charities that fall short on safeguarding and do not cooperate with
"Sixty-five passengers and six crew members were on board, and all of them died," Russia's office of transport investigations said
Meghan Markle couldn’t resist embracing Scotland’s favorite pattern for her first official visit to the country.    The
© WireImage Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom attend Vanity Fair's Oscar Party at the Wallis Annenberg Center for the Performing
© Brian Snyder A sign supporting President Donald Trump stands in the front yard of a house in Crown City,
© Reuters A Turkish soldier waves a flag on Mount Barsaya, northeast of Afrin, Syria January 28 ,2018. (Bloomberg) --
© Provided by Quartz  Elite economists have a message for cities bidding for Amazon’s next headquarters: Enough is enough.
© Nick Butcher Militant vegans have targeted a dairy farmer and his children with 'five solid days of death threats'
© CBC Protest organizer Cody Battershill said Ottawa needs to take action on the Trans Mountain pipeline expansion.  About
As Congress president Rahul Gandhi and other opposition leaders demanded an apology, the RSS has said that its chief Mohan
Video provided by CBC News  The fatal crash of the Saratov Airlines flight is the second major commercial plane
© Shutterstock Summer thunderstorms roll across the North Island, while the sun is expected to come out for parts of
© Supplied / New Zealand Defence Force The massive fire on the Chatham Islands may take several more days to
Craig Breen admitted he is "gutted" that he will give way to Sebastien Loeb in the Citroen WRC team for
Meghan Markle's half brother Thomas Markle Jr. doesn't want his children to attend her wedding to Prince Harry.  The
© Provided by IBT Media (UK) GettyImages-52729005  Vladimir Putin has become the proud new owner of an apartment in
© Melina Mara/Washington D.C. First lady Melania Trump acknowledges the the crowd prior to President Donald J. Trump's delivery of
Russia's deputy defence minister, Yuriy Borisov, has claimed that the "Su-35 is second to none" in the air after battles
© Provided by Business Insider eating at desk Paulo Whitaker/Reuters  Americans have a reputation around the world for some
Video by Associated Press  Services were taking place Monday in Florida for a 15-year-old video game fan who loved
Video by Wochit News  The Dutch son-in-law of one of Russia’s wealthiest men pleaded guilty Tuesday in Washington to
© Matt Cardy via Getty Images People look into a closed KFC restaurant in Bristol, England, on Tuesday. KFC restaurants
© Shaun Jeffers/Shutterstock  The royal family may not have a last name, but the many complicated titles they have
© CBC Janet Brewster speaks at the missing and murdered Indigenous women and girls inquiry in Rankin Inlet. She says
WASHINGTON – The entire Senate has urged the Department of Homeland Security to allow Israelis to participate in expedited screening
Michael Hayden, who led the CIA under former President George W. Bush, has had no reservations about speaking his mind
In 2017, the small nation of Bhutan became the first and only carbon negative country in the world. That's right:
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau arrived in India late Saturday evening for a week-long State visit and as part of
Megyn Kelly has shown herself to be a champion of the #MeToo movement, regularly promoting the brave women fighting injustice
© Provided by Bauer Media Pty Ltd Tatcha Founder Victoria Tsai Ageing is inevitable for all of us, especially in
© Provided by Trinity Mirror Shared Services Limited Credits: Getty Images Europe  James McAvoy is in mourning following the
By Tim Pitt  |  We first reported that Maggie Thatcher’s bulletproof battle bus was for sale nearly three
I can’t be the only one obsessed with those “what’s in my handbag” posts.  Maybe it’s because my handbag
Video provided by Reuters  A student who survived the Florida school shooting on Monday shared a message for the
© Provided by IBT Media (UK) Scott The teacher who was killed as he protected students in the Florida shooting
Of all the recently extinct animals, none seems to excite the imagination quite like the dodo—a fact Mark Carnall has
When SpaceX’s Falcon Heavy rocket debuted this month, China’s aerospace community was mostly envious, noting that their equivalent rocket, the
© Microsoft ICE Justin Trudeau and family visit the Sabarmati Ashram in Ahmedabad. (Reuters) Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau today
It's been two days now that Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and his family have been in India on their
Bengaluru MLA NA Harris's son Mohammed Nalapad has surrendered to the police after an FIR was filed against him for
© Provided by UPROXX Media Group Inc. Uproxx  On Friday afternoon, Donald and Melania trump visited the Broward Health
The U.S. State Department recently approved the potential sale to Finland of more than $800 million worth of RGM-84 Harpoon
© Edward Berthelot/Getty Images for Dior Uma Thurman  The stunt coordinator on the Kill Bill movies has broken his
Amal Clooney is speaking up in support of the survivors of the Stoneman Douglas High School shooting.  During her
© AFP/Getty Images Boris Johnson meets Rohingya refugees at a camp in Bangladesh.  Boris Johnson has told Myanmar’s de
Budget 2018 belongs to Bharat (rural India) with special emphasis being laid on welfare of farmers, the socially and economically
As heavy snowfall covered Paris, newlyweds Yu Jian and Chen Yiyun posed for stunning images in front of the Eiffel
A gunman opened fire at a South Florida high school at the end of the school day Wednesday, leaving 17
Video provided by Wochit  Kim Jong Un’s younger sister, Kim Yo Jong, will be coming to the PyeongChang Winter
© Getty Images  They don't want to passengers to have comforts at all.  This is a time of
In a move that is likely to see many employees losing their jobs, the Indian Railways has started a disciplinary
As high schools threaten students with disciplinary action if they leave class to protest against gun violence, colleges across New
© Matthias Hangst/Getty Images North Korea cancelled secret talks with Mike Pence  US Vice President Mike Pence was set
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau downplayed talk of a snub by the Indian government on his first state visit to
© Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images U.S. Government Shutdown Enters Third Day  The White House principal deputy press secretary, Raj Shah,
© Provided by TIME Inc.  NEW YORK (AP) The Rangers have traded defenseman Nick Holden to the Boston Bruins
© India Today Queen Elizabeth at London Fashion Week. Picture courtesy: Facebook/Carl Wolfson Of all things you generally associate Queen
Wednesday is the second day of hearings at the national inquiry into missing and murdered Indigenous women and girls in
© Provided by IBT Media (UK) Ukraine Right Sector rally  Former Georgian president Mikheil Saakashvili has been abducted by
A man who arrived at Lisbon airport with a pair of gaudy swimming shorts – and nearly a kilo of
By Condé Nast  |  While there’s nothing quite like the energy of the big city, the hectic pace
© JB Lacroix Jessica BielJessica Biel attends the 2017 Vanity Fair Oscar Party hosted by Graydon Carter at Wallis Annenberg
© Provided by Food52  Yes, competing in the Olympics requires strength, endurance, and discipline. But watching the Olympics is
Getty Images Polish PM Mateusz Morawiecki speaks at the Munich Security Conference in Germany. Photo: 17 February 2018 The Polish
© REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov National flags of Russia and U.S. fly at Vnukovo International Airport in Moscow Russia has issued a
© Press Association Finsbury Park attacker found guilty of murder A man has been convicted of murder after driving a
Attorney General Maura Healey and the City of Boston are fighting a court ruling that would have made it easier
© Samuel Corum/Anadolu Agency—Getty Images President Donald Trump addresses the nation after the mass shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High
© Provided by The Hill House conservatives on Wednesday revolted against a massive bipartisan deal to raise the debt ceiling
Dining in a foreign country can be TERRIFYING, especially if you don't speak the language. I just returned from a
Elections are on hold and violence on the rise as from the border to the Capital, and from the streets
Medics battled to save Mr Coles' life at the scene  A British Airways engineer killed in a runway smash
© PA Lorries parked on the M20 during an Operation Stack in 2008. Maritime UK warned: ‘You could have a
DeGeneres and Aniston were discussing her upcoming return to television in a new series with Reese Witherspoon, which is still
Video provided by Wochit  Harvey Weinstein has apologised to Jennifer Lawrence and Meryl Streep for using their names in
© Shutterstock  A team of Chinese researchers have unveiled the design of a hypersonic airplane capable of flying from
A New Zealand medical cannabis company has a $160 million deal in the pipeline to grow and export medicinal cannabis
Police logged over 1,400 crimes targeting Jews in Germany last year, according to a newspaper report. The vast majority of
© AFP Israel's PM Benjamin Netanyahu says his country helped stop "an unimaginable slaughter"  Israel helped avert an alleged
© Risto Bozovic/AP Police block off the area around the U.S. Embassy in Montenegro's capital Podgorica, Thursday, Feb. 22, 2018.
“We are Italian,” Matteo Ferdinandi says as he opens the door to this newest restaurant space. “We represent what our
SAN FRANCISCO — Conservative Twitter users raged against the social media company, lobbing accusations of left-wing bias and censorship after
Video provided by Wochit News  A passenger on board a doomed plane that crashed into a mountain in central
President Trump’s vision of soldiers marching and tanks rolling down the boulevards of Washington is moving closer to reality in
Video by the Associated Press  President Trump said Tuesday he would "love" to see a government shutdown if Democrats
© Jennifer Mitchell / Splash News Annette Roque and Matt Lauer at the 'Time 100 Awards Gala' at Frederick P.
Video by the Washington Post  President Donald Trump’s Chief of Staff suggested to reporters Tuesday that people who are
© Provided by Business Insider us mexico border 1950s President Donald Trump signed into law a budget deal on Friday
© Jeff Martin/AP Photo Authorities investigate the scene where multiple law enforcement officers have been shot and a suspect is
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 5 NEXT SLIDE > Robert "Bobby" Magee as a baby. © Family handout/Fresno Bee/TNS
The US and Turkey, whose forces are at loggerheads in northern Syria, have agreed to try to defuse the crisis.
© ANDY COMMINS/AFP/Getty  A day in the life of a pregnant royal!  As she settles into her third
The victims of the Douglas High mass shooting  Slideshow by the Miami Herald  Students delivered tough questions to
Video by CBS News  When Ikea’s Ingvar Kamprad died Saturday at age 91, he was ranked No. 8 on
Video by FOX News    Rep. Devin Nunes “secretly altered” a classified and controversial memo about secret surveillance
© AP Photo/Andrew Harnik President Donald Trump attends a meeting with American workers on the impact of the tax reform
© Provided by The Hill "Saturday Night Live" star Cecily Strong says in a new interview that she met first
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited  An Australian man was stopped from boarding a flight because he owed AU$350,000
© Provided by Business Insider Inc Alex aghdam  Hitchhiking has become a preferred form of travel for photographer Alex
Video provided by Buzz60  Though she gave up her job as an actress after becoming engaged to Prince Harry,
© Broward County Sheriff's Office Nikolas Cruz, 19, has been charged with 17 counts of premeditated murder in the shooting
© Getty In mid-January, Delta announced it would be enforcing tighter restrictions on support animals, citing an “84 percent increase
Florida high school shooting  Photo gallery by photo services  At least 17 people are dead. The 19-year-old suspect
Video provided by Wochit  The Yale psychiatrist who briefed lawmakers about President Trump's mental health has penned an op-ed
Maisie Williams threw shade at President Donald Trump while discussing the final season of “Game of Thrones” on Tuesday’s “Jimmy
© Provided by Independent Print Limited Leading pro-EU MP Anna Soubry has threatened to quit the Conservative party and form
© Provided by WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post The Trump administration has touted its new nuclear policy, released
© iStock They Saw Earth From Space. Here’s How It Changed Them.  They Saw Earth From Space. Here’s How
Vermont Electric Cooperative CEO Christine Hallquist said she's prepared to announce she is formally entering the 2018 race for governor.
© REUTERS/Jon Herskovitz A Border Patrol vehicle is seen along the U.S. border fence in Brownsville, Texas, U.S. November 17,
© powerofforever via Getty (file pic) Close up of a kiwi bird.  A charitable trust is 'extremely annoyed' an
© JACK GUEZ/AFP/Getty Images A picture taken in the northern Israeli Kibbutz of Harduf on February 10, 2018, shows the
© Provided by Bauer Media Group (NZ) LP  New Zealand's most influential internet star, Shannon Harris, is gearing up
© Video - The AM Show; Image - Instagram / Newshub.  Australian supermodel Jessica Gomes has revealed her fear
A young politician who was the rising star of France's far-right National Front until she left politics is stepping into
© Swimsuits for All  Ashley Graham teamed up with an extra special someone to model her latest limited edition
Rep. Devin Nunes is quickly becoming President Donald Trump's favorite lawmaker in Washington.  Trump singled out the California Republican
© Provided by Business Insider kim jong un  A high ranking State Department official poured cold water on reports
A 12-year-old girl was booked on suspicion of negligent discharge of a firearm Thursday after a shooting at Sal Castro
© Anadolu Agency—Getty Images A student holds a placard as hundreds of students call for greater gun control laws as
The annual cannabis celebrations on 20 April may lead to more traffic fatalities, new research has found.  Two Canadian
The Justice Department’s special counsel announced the indictment Friday of a notorious Russian troll farm — charging 13 individuals with
Deepika Padukone, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Kriti Sanon: Fashion hits and misses of the week (Feb 4 – Feb 10) 
© Provided by TIME Inc. Prince Nikolai Move over, Arthur Chatto — there’s another royal heartthrob making a splash on
Investors in Israel’s natural-gas fields agreed to supply an Egyptian company with gas valued at $15 billion, a deal that
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  An Indian Air Force (IAF) officer has been arrested in Delhi
© Tom Booth/CNN Joanna's parents Eva and Cristano say she insisted on leaving to earn money to support them. 
That 150 years after Confederation a prime minister’s promise to respect the rights of Indigenous peoples could be seen as
OTTAWA—In response to calls from Canadian businesses for U.S.-style tax cuts, Canadian Finance Minister Bill Morneau said that evidence, not
© Getty Images    Before Kate Middleton was Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, mother of Prince George and Prince
The federal government says it has a Plan B in case the North American Free Trade Agreement talks fail. Now
© Mark Wilson/Getty Images Florida Town Of Parkland In Mourning, After Shooting At Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School Kills 17
Generally speaking, a sovereign nation dislikes it when a foreign power establishes new military bases within striking range of its
© Bloomberg Matteo Salvini stops for a bite of food in Matera, Feb. 15.  (Bloomberg Businessweek) -- For years,
© getty  A Conservative MP has deleted a tweet making unsubstantiated claims about Jeremy Corbyn’s links to “communist spies”
© Reuters Best for Britain, a group part-funded by George Soros’s Open Society Foundations, is planning an advertising blitz to
James Clarke, Head of Outreach at the launch of of Renew, the new pro-remain political party at the Queen Elizabeth
AFP/Getty Images Kong Suriyamontol (C-with sunglasses), the Thai lawyer for Japanese national Mitsutoki Shigeta, speaks to the press after his
© Robert Nickelsberg/Getty Images Armed police from Maryland's Prince George's County Anti-Gang Unit question and detain a confirmed gang member
© REUTERS/Omar Sobhani - RC1A69651DE0 U.S. service member stands guard as an U.S. military transport plane lands at the Kandahar
© Provided by The Independent  For some people flying is an anxiety-inducing experiences which requires various coping mechanisms, from
Nicole Kidman may be winning all the big awards now, but rewind 17 years ago and the Big Little Lies
New Zealand media giants Stuff and NZME will be take their bid to merge to the Court of Appeal. 
Seattle is among the fastest growing cities in the U.S., thanks largely to Amazon’s addition of 35,000 employees since 2010.
By Victoria Messina  |  Ben Brown thought he was in for a regular ol' couple's photo shoot when
Video by Wochit  House Intelligence Committee Chair Devin Nunes is preparing to release the second memo in his investigation
Bengaluru: With just months to go before the Karnataka assembly elections, the party chiefs of the BJP and the Congress
© Provided by Trinity Mirror Plc Credits: PA  The husband of murdered MP Jo Cox has quit the charity
© HECTOR RETAMAL/AFP/AFP/Getty Images A worker from Haiti's Ministry of Public Health and Population sprays chemical to exterminate mosquitoes in
​  © Getty Chahal Ab de Villiers  Yuzvendra Chahal outfoxed AB de Villiers with a brilliant delivery 
© Provided by Vox.com  Romney’s announcement came with a jab at Trump’s Washington.  Mitt Romney is in. 
A Wellington accountant who received the country's longest sentence for tax fraud, has been granted parole on his fifth attempt.
Video by CBS News  WASHINGTON — Special Counsel Robert Mueller's indictment of 13 Russian nationals and the Russian Internet
© Andrew Kurjata/CBC Niki Hanson's daughter, Courtney, died of an overdose last year. She was 26.  Niki Hanson is
Several provinces of New Zealand remain in a state of emergency as the remnants of Cyclone Gita bear down, bringing
MEXICO CITY—Plans for a meeting between President Donald Trump and Mexico’s Enrique Peña Nieto have been shelved for the second
Video provided by Wochit  The sister of Vicar of Dibley star Emma Chambers has told of her 'deep shock'
The AM Show host Mark Richardson has waded into the debate over Jacinda Ardern's controversial 60 Minutes interview.  "She's
© Mamamia  We’ve got very good news for all the cheese fans out there.    Some very
© Provided by Business Insider Inc    Airline carry-on rules can be confusing, so Chrissy Teigen went on
A government move to give teeth to the Bill of Rights Act has won praise from the Human Rights Commission.
© Getty Images  President Donald Trump says that if he had been at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School where
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited  A senior member of the top Muslim clerical body in
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed a crowd of nearly 20,000 Indians who gathered to hear him at the Sultan Qaboos
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  (Provided by The Times of India)  More than 36 hours
© Reuters Britain's Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union David Davis (L) and European Union's chief Brexit negotiator
© Darryl Dyck/Canadian Press The gulf between those opposed to resource development and those opposed to action on climate change
French air power on Wednesday killed at least 10 jihadists in northeast Mali near the border with Algeria, local and
Tronc has struck a deal to sell the Los Angeles Times and an announcement about the sale is expected to
© Provided by Hearst Television, Inc. shooting, generic  Police are at two deadly shooting scenes that leave five people,
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  (Provided by The Times of India)  Delhi chief secretary Anshu
Is it easy for Prime Minister Narendra Modi to get a hotel room of his choice anywhere across India? The
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  (Provided by The Times of India)  NEW DELHI: Delhi's top
Rare Find 1969 Boss 429 With Only 15,000 Miles!  "I got a call from a man in West Virginia.
© REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins FILE PHOTO - A gas station worker pumps gas into a car at a gas station
© REUTERS/Denis Balibouse Chinese President Xi Jinping addresses the media during an official visit in Bern, Switzerland January 16, 2017.
© Dario Lopez-Mills/AP Donald Trump, then a Republican presidential candidate, at a news conference with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto
© Sky News Screen Grab Dominic Chappell says he has been made a scapegoat for regulatory failures  Former BHS
Hit and Run author Nicky Hager claims to have explosive new evidence which shows the Defence Force knew a child
© Tim Rooke/REX/Shutterstock Kate Middleton  Even royals can’t avoid the risks that come with wearing high heels!  Kate
© Photo courtesy of Sounia Senemar A photo of  A teenage student and his family have sued a religious
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned Tehran on Sunday over aggressions by what he called Iran and its “proxies” in
© Photo by Chris Coduto/Getty Images  Photo by Chris Coduto/Getty Images  The Wildcats are ranked 15th in the
© AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, announces that the office of special counsel Robert Mueller says a
© Getty Images In the wake of the Parkland, Florida school shooting that took place on February 14, students all
The President of South Africa, Jacob Zuma, has been asked by his own party, the ANC, to step down. The
© Provided by Toronto Star Pepsi, a guinea pig belonging to Annette Street Public School, died when temperatures at the
© Elliott Spagat/AP Prototypes of border walls in San Diego.  President Trump is expected to finally go to California.
© NEW YORK STATE POLICE Toronto firefighter who went missing in Lake Placid, N.Y., found safe in California  A
© picture-alliance/dpa/S. Stache Халбе Зейлстра  The Netherlands' foreign minister has stepped down after admitting he lied about attending a
Editor’s note: The opinions in this article are the author’s, as published by our content partner, and do not represent
© Provided by AFP Elite Polish climbers staged a daring rescue of French climber Elisabeth Revol on Pakistan's "killer mountain"
© Provided by The Hill Few people have heard of Michael Horowitz, but that's about to change.  Horowitz, the
© Provided by Hearst Communications, Inc Carrie Underwood Shares X-Ray After Scary Fall Thankfully, it seems as if she is
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  Video provided by DailyMotion  This crystal-blue lens adds another dimension
© Getty Image The bust led to the seizure 15 kilograms of meth and two kilograms of cocaine. A Bandidos
© Rob O'Neill/Twitter Navy SEAL who killed Osama bin Laden is 'thrown off plane for being drunk and yelling at
© REUTERS/Carlo Allegri Ryan Seacrest appears during New Year's eve celebrations in Times Square in New York City A former
© RNZ / Rebekah Parsons-King Annette King. Former Labour Party cabinet minister and deputy leader, Annette King, is expected to
With the conviction of a former spy for burglary and drug offences , ex-Defence Force personnel say there isn't enough
Australia, the US, India and Japan are talking about plans for a regional scheme to counterbalance China's growing influence, a
© Maria Falaschi‏/From Twitter  They were less than an hour from their idyllic vacation when suddenly they wondered whether
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited    Dominic Grieve has warned the public it is
© Provided by IBT Media (UK) president-trump-jokes-about-hiding-his-bald-spot-at-cpac  US President Donald Trump turned his guns on Canada this week as
© Provided by Bauer Media Pty Ltd Think back to when you were at school: notes were taken down on
Auckland businessman Michael Stiassny is to chair a four-member ministerial advisory group to investigate setting up a Public Media Funding
© AFP/Getty Images Sridevi was one of India's biggest film stars Bollywood superstar Sridevi has died after a cardiac arrest,
© REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz Members of the United Nations Security Council vote for ceasefire to Syrian bombing in eastern Ghouta, at
© Artyom Korotayev/TASS/Abaca Press/TNS Carter Page makes a presentation titled "Departing from Hypocrisy: Potential Strategies in the Era of Global
Arrests of undocumented immigrants in the Boston area rose more than 50 percent in the last fiscal year, according to
The Government has released the full text of the CPTPP along with a hefty document on the expected impact of
HSBC's chief economist in Australasia says the New Zealand economy has further entrenched its 'rock star' label after achieving growth
© Provided by ABC Health  At one point the chief of surgery was a doctor known as McDreamy, and
© Reuters Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May  Theresa May has given her one piece of advice for aspiring female
© Provided by UPROXX Media Group Inc. Uproxx  Most people agree that breakfast is the most important meal of
© THE CANADIAN PRESS/Alex Panetta Ontario premier ‘very worried’ about Trump's proposed tariff on steel, aluminum  WASHINGTON—Ontario Premier Kathleen
DELIL SOULEIMAN/AFP/Getty Images Women whose family members are accused of being IS militants at a camp in northern Syria in
The teen, known for violent behavior, had been expelled from the school prior to the attack. It was the eighteenth
© Provided by Corus Media Holdings, Inc. Photo: Splash News  Former "The Bachelorette Canada" star Kevin Wendt seems to
South Africa's Jacob Zuma is facing a pivotal battle for his scandal-ridden presidency. There was a time, however, when he
Authorities in the French city of Orleans are investigating racist tweets about a teenager set to play Joan of Arc.
Video by CBS News  The release of the House Republicans’ memo charging Justice Department officials with nefarious actions at
© Melina Mara/Washington D.C. Former CIA director John Brennan testifies before the House Intelligence Committee on the Russia Investigation Task
© Black Sage  Boise-based anti-drone tech company Black Sage will demonstrate its counter-unmanned aerial vehicle defense system on the
Australia's deputy prime minister, Barnaby Joyce, was briefly evicted from office last year over a dual citizenship eligibility saga. Now,
“This is so exciting, guys,” she continued before introducing fans to her beloved Hollywood Walk of Fame Star. “Here she
“[Dems] have continued to leak out bits and pieces of info to create narratives that have only one thing in
© Provided by NBCU News Group, a division of NBCUniversal Media LLC Image: Pelosi, Schumer speak about House and Senate
© Joanne Levasseur/CBC A Burkina Faso court has upheld a previous decision to throw out a lawsuit against Winnipeg-based Cypher
© Getty Images  Eighty one per cent of Indian CMs are crorepatis, a report published by the Association for
A special cell from Delhi has nabbed a person involved in a syndicate that circulates fake Indian currency notes printed
It is rare in a journalistic life that one gets to sit a few yards from a president as he
© Provided by Corus Media Holdings, Inc. Andrew Chin/Getty Images  The Juno Awards President and CEO is offering a
© Graham Hughes/Canadian Press Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland talks with United States Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, right, and Mexico's
In her bid to form a new government, German Chancellor Angela Merkel has tapped a young rival, some old allies
© Cary Edmondson-USA TODAY Sports  Cary Edmondson-USA TODAY Sports  The Warriors face the Thunder tonight at 5:30 p.m.
© Provided by The Hill Lawmakers, activists and students are pushing for action on gun control in the wake of
© chameleonseye via Getty Police officer walks past a New Zealand Police car. The lockdown of a Northland school has
© Carl Court/Getty Saudi Arabia’s reform campaign under its impatient young crown prince is shaking up the Middle East. But
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  (Provided by The Times of India)  Srinagar: Five people have
Rambo the Golden Retriever has become quite the attraction in County Down, Northern Ireland. Locals watch in disbelief as he
Two identical twin brothers have popped the question to their girlfriends — identical twin sisters.  Brittany and Briana Deane
Photos of Royals on Their First Day of School Video provided by Town and Country    While ordinary
Video provided by Reuters  Early warnings are being sounded for parts of the North Island and the upper South
Extreme World documentary-maker Ross Kemp says he doesn't believe New Zealand's gangs are "on a par" with others around the
© Provided by Business Insider Leo Varadkar REUTERS/Clodagh Kilcoyne  Brexit is set to damage Ireland's economy no matter what
© Illustration by Justin Renteria When Alexandre Cazes hanged himself in a Thai jail cell in July, the 25-year-old left
Santé All Day: Gabby Karan de Felice Welcomes Alessia Antinori to New York < PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 13
© REUTERS/Victor Antonie Water levels are seen at the Katse dam in Lesotho Cape Town is running out of water
© REUTERS/Katie Paul /File Photo FILE PHOTO:Saudi Arabian billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal sits for an interview with Reuters in
© Provided by AFP An injured man is carried away after a rocket hit a road in the Reyhanli district
The wide-ranging investigation of Russian meddling in the 2016 campaign took an unexpected diversion to Capitol Hill on Friday, when
© Provided by Business Insider DALLAS, TX - NOVEMBER 29: Conservative media activist James O'Keefe speaks at an event hosted
Mumbai: On the morning of St. Valentine’s Day when many young Indians were preparing to exchange roses and presents, a
© Provided by AFP A man writes on a placard before taking part in a protest against the way the
© Provided by The Press Association Britain’s Ambassador to the EU Sir Tim Barrow hand delivers the Article 50 letter
The Brexit secretary, David Davis, has accused the European commission of acting in “bad faith” for publishing proposals this week
© Shutterstock  The Trump administration wants to determine whether foreign-made rubber bands pose a risk to American workers. 
© Bruno Vincent/Getty Images British warship to sail through South China Sea  A British warship is set to sail
Ethiopia has declared a state of emergency, a day after prime minister Hailemariam Desalegn resigned.  On Friday, the ruling
U.S. media giant Comcast CMCSA announced Tuesday it was making a proposed cash offer to buy SkySKY-GB for 22.1 billion
© Dominic Lipinski/PA Wire/AP Kate Middleton and Sophie, Countess of Wessex  Just one day after hitting the red carpet
© Provided by The Hill Experts are weighing in on rumors Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy could retire in the
© Marvin Gentry-USA TODAY Sports  Marvin Gentry-USA TODAY Sports  Tennessee falls three spots this week.  It was
© Provided by The Verge  A year after its tiny, experimental rocket failed to reach orbit a year ago,
© Getty Images Law-abiding suffragists. Women’s groups are still waiting to hear if they have received funding to celebrate the
© Provided by Corus Media Holdings, Inc. Photo by Tristan Fewings/BFC/Getty Images  London Fashion Week received a royal makeover
© Getty Images  India captain Virat Kohli started the ODI series with a bang by scoring his 33rd One-day
© Provided by Independent Print Limited This was the dramatic moment an 80-year-old grandmother came to the rescue of a
JOHANNESBURG—An escalating standoff between South Africa’s two most powerful politicians plunged the presidential-succession saga into disarray and threatened to fracture
© Provided by Business Insider rachel brand DOJ Aaron Bernstein/Reuters  Associate Attorney General Rachel Brand of the Justice Department
© Provided by Trinity Mirror Plc Credits: PA  A lion was killed by suspected barbiturate poisoning at a safari
OTTAWA—Jagmeet Singh’s keynote speech to the NDP weekend convention was his first major opportunity to start positioning the party for
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday became the first Indian premier to visit Palestine, while touring a trio of Middle
"It is time to create a merit-based immigration system that makes sense for a modern economy - selecting new arrivals
Protesters in Uttar Pradesh’s Allahabad city staged a demonstration and set a bus on fire on Monday after a 24-year-old
The deployment of pro-Syrian government forces raises the prospect of clashes with Turkish forces in Afrin. Soon after the convoy
© Provided by Trinity Mirror Plc Credits: Getty Migrants to Britain will pay the double the current amount up-front for
© Provided by Agence France-Presse (AFP) As the Pyeongchang Olympics opened Friday the sight of two bellicose "world leaders" putting
© Reuters island man Have you ever felt tired of civilisation? Wanted to run away from the hustle bustle of
As Waitangi Day rolls around, so too do the debates and controversies that surround our national day.  A Newshub-Reid
© Provided by Irish Independent James May, Jeremy Clarkson and Philip Hammond. (Image credit: PA)    Jeremy Clarkson,
© Provided by Food52  I grew up in Houston, Texas, home to some of the best fried chicken in
Thirty-six years after Natalie Wood drowned off the coast of Catalina Island in California, the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department
© AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite, File In this Dec. 1, 2017 file photo, Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., leaves a closed-door
Teamwork: Dinesh Sharma, Massimo Malago and Joerg-Matthias Pollok with their unit at The Royal Free in Hampstead. Some staff came
© Provided by Independent Print Limited All flights in and out of London City Airport were cancelled as disposal experts
© PA Oxfam loads up tons of aid and equipment at its warehouse in Bicester, Oxfordshire  Oxfam has admitted
Hundreds of millions of people sent and received money online to friends and relatives over the Lunar New Year festival,
President Jacob Zuma has resigned.  After more than ten days of uncertainty in South Africa, Zuma took to an
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited Police are investigating an alleged racist attack after a Sikh man
© Reuters  Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) chief Sharad Pawar on Wednesday revealed that he quit Congress in 1999 because
© Bang Showbiz Mark Hamill  Mark Hamill is to receive a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. 
© RNZ / Mei Heron Kristine Bartlett was the public face of a long-running court battle to secure pay equity
© TheWrap Colton Haab  A survivor of the massacre as Parkland, Florida's Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School is accusing
© Global Crop Diversity Trust doomsday vault  The Svalbard Global Seed Vault (SGSV) in Norway is about to get
Ivanka Trump said in an exclusive interview with NBC News on Sunday that her father's suggestion of arming teachers is
For one small US non-profit group, the Florida school shooting that killed 17 this month came as no surprise. 
© Steve Russell Dave "Tiger" Williams arrives for the puck drop before a Maple Leafs-Senators game in 2014. Williams was
© Provided by IBT Media (UK) israeli-police-recommend-indicting-benjamin-netanyahu  Benjamin Netanyahu could face corruption charges after Israeli police said there is
© Adam Dobby/CNN Capturing Mosul was one of ISIS' most significant strategic wins.  Iraq needs $88.2 billion to rebuild
© Provided by Cover Media Jim Carrey will not face trial over his ex-girlfriend's apparent suicide, as two wrongful death
© Provided by Best Life This Is Why We Celebrate Groundhog Day If you live in the U.S., odds are
© Ron Sachs/AP Images It has been reported that there are concerns that FBI Director Christopher Wray will quit over
© Bloomberg Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel Hosts U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May (Bloomberg) -- As Theresa May retreats to the
© Provided by The Press Association A police tape (Yui Mok/PA)  A British couple killed when their car collided
© Eduardo Lima Jean Augustine reflects on the importance of Canada's Black history  In 1995, politician and educator Jean
© Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images White House National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn and Chief of Staff John Kelly arrive for
© Paul Sancya/AP Photo An envelope with suspicious powder sent to one of President Donald Trump's sons also included a
© Getty Images file. Editor’s note: The opinions in this article are the author’s, as published by our content partner,
You might be wondering how many Commodore-based HSVs are left in showrooms and warehouses across Australia, considering it’s now been
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited Next Tuesday, New Zealand First could have a new deputy leader. The nine-member caucus
© Getty Livia Firth has spoken out against the Oxfam scandal  Film producer Livia Firth has become the latest
© Shutterstock.com Valentine's Day  Valentine's Day is here, and the holiday, which began in the Western world, has spread
© Ford  As has been the case for six generations of Shelby performance cars, the face-lifted 2018 Ford Mustang
© Drew Angerer/Getty Images North America/Getty Images WASHINGTON, DC - JUNE 27: U.S. Sen. Joe Manchin (D-WV) looks on during
Germany’s defence minister on Saturday underscored the need for Europe to set up its own security force to respond to
Video provided by Wochit  Minnie Driver has become the first celebrity patron of Oxfam to step down in the
Video provided by USA Today  Bill Paxton's family has filed a wrongful death lawsuit against the prominent Los Angeles
Video provided by Reuters  New Zealand is contributing a further $1.5 million in emergency aid to help Pacific neighbours
© Andrew Harnik/Associated Press Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats speaks at a Senate intelligence committee hearing on global threats
© Provided by Indian Express Nirav Modi, Mehul choksi, PNB fraud, Punjab National Bank, PNB scam, enforcement directorate, ED to
© Provided by The Hill  A Russian businessman indicted last week for his alleged role in meddling in the
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited A Canadian woman chased down a thief and then bought him coffee.  
The Federal Bureau of Investigation failed to investigate a credible and specific tip that it received about the teenager who
Natalie Portman has expressed regret over signing a petition in support of Roman Polanski.  In 1997, the filmmaker was
Lee Jae-yong, the third-generation head of Samsung and the country's most influential businessman, had appealed the sentence, imposed in July
© express web desk Shiv Sena (left) MP Sanjay Raut called for a show of force against Pakistan. (File Photo)
© BCCI Virat Kohli soared to another hundred, South Africa v India, 3rd ODI, Cape Town, February 7, 2018 
Regulators in Pakistan have reminded the country’s media outlets that they are banned from covering Valentine’s Day.  In a
© Provided by Trinity Mirror Shared Services Limited Adrian King, 29, died on holiday in Egypt A Brit died in
© Getty Armed police standing over the body of one of the killers after he was shot British spooks stood
By Áine Cain  of Business Insider  |  • This Presidents' Day, Americans celebrate the legacy of the
© Provided by WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post On Sunday, the Chinese Communist Party made an unexpected announcement:
© REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer during a Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party congress in Berlin.
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited Liam Fox's call to leave the European customs union to make
© Provided by AFP Hundreds of students at the Government Girls Science and Technical College in Dapchi, Nigeria, fled after
In an exclusive DW interview, Moldova’s president, Igor Dodon, tried to downplay his reputation as a pro-Russian leader, arguing that
© Photo: Shutterstock / Christian Delbert Red and white wine bottles stacked on wooden racks shot with limited depth of
Video by CBS News  President Trump is expected to approve the release of a controversial congressional memo alleging surveillance
© Erin Hooley / Chicago Tribune A man on a bicycle is directed away from the scene where a 23-year-old
Video by CBS News    A GOP Congress member’s controversial memo about the FBI and the Trump-Russia investigation,
© Getty Passengers were evacuated from a plane at the Heathrow Airpor A British Airways engineer has died after two
MetService has warned that the Cyclone Gita's system is likely to impact New Zealand.  In a tweet on Wednesday
© picture-alliance/dpa/P. Steffen  The German military is under-equipped to take on its upcoming role as leader of NATO's anti-Russian
© Provided by Business Insider Donald Trump AP  President Donald Trump addressed the nation on the latest mass shooting
© Provided by Canadian Broadcasting Corporation Modern DNA analysis at a forensics lab in Bosnia and Herzegovina was the key
With the most romantic date night of the year coming up, you may want to make those after dinner-drinks extra
By Hollis Johnson  |  Cava Grill, a popular Mediterranean chain, is expanding at breakneck speed.  The chain
(Video provided by ETOnline.com)  Kim Kardashian West is under fire (again) for posting a topless picture to social media
© Provided by CBS Interactive Inc. Karen Dobner A suburban mom has taken down a drug ring she says killed
© James Keivom/New York Daily News Muhiyidin D'Baha (center), a Black Lives Matter activist, has been fatally shot.  A
© Provided by CQ Roll Call, Inc. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., leaves the House chamber in the Capitol
© Getty Images Military parades in previous years have involved the show of armoured vehicles  North Korea appears to
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  Scott Pruitt, the administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, wondered aloud
After five years of stonewalling, the federal government will finally release the data necessary to calculate Canada’s tax gap —
© Getty Images Chinese New Year  Stories, myths , lion dances, lucky charms, fortune tellers, red lamps, flowers and
© TheWrap Lisa Marie Presley Michael Lockwood  Lisa Marie Presley is running a deficit in the truthfulness department, according
© Chris Kleponis/Zuma Press  President Donald Trump’s lawyers are considering ways for him to testify before special counsel Robert
Video by CNBC  Warren Buffett knows just a bit about how to make money.  In his latest letter
© CBC Alberta Premier Rachel Notley told reporters Monday that she's prepared to hold off escalating the trade war with
Tributes to the Victims at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School  Gallery by photo services  Marjory Stoneman Douglas High
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  Video provided by Geobeats  Scientists have discovered that millions of
Video provided by Wochit  If you are a fan of cooking shows on television, you cannot possibly miss the
ASB Bank, the local unit of Commonwealth Bank of Australia, lifted first-half earnings 15 per cent as impairment charges on
© PA Julian Assange  PA Julian Assange 1  Ecuador says the country's latest efforts to negotiate the departure
© Provided by The Hill President Trump rolled out a $4.4 trillion budget on Monday that provides a window into
© Provided by The Press Association A soldier has been awarded one million pounds in damages after he was beaten
<br _moz_dirty="" />  Michelle Myers's accent is global, but she has never left the country.    The
© Bloomberg Iran's President Hassan Rouhani News Conference (Bloomberg) -- Iran’s President Hassan Rouhani chose an unusual forum to appeal
Fighters from France, Britain, Greece and beyond have joined Kurds in their battle against Turkish troops in Syria’s Afrin. Often
© Mike Segar Donald Trump Jr. (C) hugs his father, Republican Presidential candidate Donald Trump, as Donald Jr's wife Vanessa
Video by Associated Press  A Florida woman on Monday pleaded guilty to abducting a newborn from a Jacksonville hospital
MUNICH—European diplomats met with a senior Iranian official Saturday in a bid to curtail Iran’s regional muscle-flexing and meet a
© Getty Images Immigration. A Beijing-based property developer's New Zealand branch has just submitted an application to bring 174 Chinese
The Reserve Bank of India issued a notice to citizens cautioning against a fake website which is reportedly asking for
The Auto Expo 2018 saw number new concept cars and SUVs being showcased as all major automakers went on to
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  (Video provided by NDTV)  The Supreme Court on Thursday asked
The Rafale fighter deal is now in the eye of a storm. While the Congress alleged that the price being
Video provided by Veuer  Donald Trump lied about how much he paid for wife Melania's engagement ring, it has
Video by USA Today  Move over, Red Delicious.  The heyday of that hardy fruit may be coming to
© Provided by WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post Helena Moreno, center, yells during a protest against guns on
The mother of Pittsburgh Pirates catcher Elias Diaz has been rescued three days after she was kidnapped, Venezuelan authorities announced,
© REUTERS/Jim Young/File Photo FILE PHOTO: Wells Fargo branch is seen in the Chicago suburb of Evanston Illinois  The
(Bloomberg) -- U.S. airlines are asking shareholders to believe they can raise ticket prices while ramping up the supply of
Hundreds of tourists trapped in Haast on the West Coast have hit the road again after a highway closed because
Heavy rain and thunderstorms are on the way for northern New Zealand.  To accompany the previous satellite loop, here
Over $100 billion was wiped off the global cryptocurrency market in 24 hours on Friday amid concerns over tighter regulation
Scientists have discovered an entirely new shark species in the Atlantic Ocean and named it Atlantic sixgill shark (Hexanchus vitulus).
Israeli media have alleged that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's confidant, Shlomo Filber, will testify against him. The Israeli leader rejected
Reuters The cocaine found at the Russian embassy Nearly 400kg of cocaine was found at the Russian embassy in 2016
”The chicken crossed the road, just not to our restaurants.”  © BEN STANSALL Only 300 of 900 KFC outlets
© Provided by Business Insider President Donald Trump Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images  In an early morning tweetstorm, President Donald Trump
© NurPhoto/NurPhoto via Getty Images People parade through central Warsaw Nov. 11 ahead of the Polish capital’s traditional Independence Day
© Provided by AFP Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau (R) and his family pose for a photo as they arrive
© Dan Kitwood/Getty Images Trinity College, Cambridge University  Final-year exams at some of the top British universities could be
Congress created a brand new agency after the 2008 financial crisis with a gargantuan mission: Serve as the finance world’s
Video by CBS News  Special counsel Robert Mueller is charging a man who communicated with former Trump campaign adviser
Talks are underway in Togo to resolve a political crisis pitting President Faure Gnassingbe against the opposition. But the two
A New Zealand academic known for her research on China's domestic and international politics believes a recent threat and break-ins
Ceed Planted: New Kia Ceed Unveiled, Could Preview Upcoming Forte5    The Kia Cee'd is dead. Long live
Transparency International (TI) has found that a majority of countries in the world can be called corrupt, with a clear
© social media Lewis Bennett, 41, is accused of murdering Isabella Hellmann  A Briton who reported his wife missing
The fast food chain KFC was warned it would face delivery problems months ago, it has been claimed, as the
A weekly magazine in Austria has said it found an anti-Semitic fraternity songbook similar to the one found in January.
Prince William donned leathers and relived his biking youth when he went for a ride on a motorcycle during his
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  Bengaluru: Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu on Saturday issued
© Provided by Independent Print Limited  Let's be honest, if you're a regular human being there has been a
© CBC The Port-la-Joye—Fort Amherst National Historic Site in P.E.I. is being renamed to include Skmaqn in honour of its
© Howard Lipin / San Diego Union-Tribune  A San Diego police officer was punched in the face and three
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited  Bosses of the United States' law enforcement agencies have warned against using phones
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 5 NEXT SLIDE > In the wake of the Texas shooting, the Pentagon's Office
© Provided by Independent Print Limited An education minister has pledged to provide Government backing to schools looking to ban
© Provided by Bauer Media Group (NZ) LP It's time to dust off your platforms, spritz the Impulse and squeeze
© Bauer Media Green Prescriptions aim to combat lifestyle-related problems, including obesity and type 2 diabetes. Photo / Getty Images
© Photo by Nick Tre. Smith/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images  Photo by Nick Tre. Smith/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images
© Getty images The international power players behind Syria’s ‘civil’ war  Dangerous international power plays are altering the nature
© Courtesy of the Jamaica Military Museum and Library Reviving 'marginalized stories:' Halifax Incident of 1916 subject of public talk
Late night TV host Jimmy Kimmel has broken down in tears while speaking about the deadly high school shooting that
© Provided by WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post The silhouette of Robert S. Mueller III, former director of
© Provided by AFP The Kosovan parliament declared independence from Serbia on February 17, 2008  Kosovo on Saturday celebrates
© AP/AP In this Thursday, Feb. 8, 2018, photo provided by the North Korean government, missiles — described by North
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited In the wake of the Stoneman Douglas High School shooting in
Patna: Claiming that "Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar and his deputy Sushil Modi had unleashed ghosts", former minister Tej Pratap
© Chris Jackson/AFP/Getty Images Queen Elizabeth. Netflix's hit drama The Crown keeps some details of Queen Elizabeth's life royally accurate
© India Today  Flying Officer Avani Chaturvedi of Indian Air Force (IAF) flew her first solo sortie in a
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. — A student at Tallahassee's Godby High School was arrested Wednesday after threatening to "shoot up" the school
© Provided by Free Daily News Group Inc B.C. 'can lawyer up if they want to,' says Alberta minister in
© Provided by WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post Democratic candidate Linda Belcher thanks her supporters after her victory
© Shutterstock The New Zealand Law Society is calling for lawyers to speak out on sexual assault in the workplace
© EPA Supporters of Nawaz Sharif with a banner after the Pakistan supreme court’s ruling.  Pakistan’s supreme court has
Another cyclone warning has been issued for New Zealand as a disturbing weather pattern builds up in the Pacific. 
© Courtesy of Ben Simonson I-X Center  Visitors to Cleveland will soon be able enjoy a new kind of
Video by Reuters  A GOP memo declassified on Friday accused senior law enforcement officials of misleading a court in
Video by CBS Miami  Last fall, Kim Wagenaar started to plan how she would close the health clinic she
© Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images WASHINGTON, DC - JUNE 13: U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis testifies before the Senate Armed Services
© Provided by Private Media Operations Pty Ltd. Malcolm Turnbull addresses the media  WOOHOO! BONK VAN! … HUH? …
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited  The full CPTPP text, as well as a key document outlining the impact
© Press Association Undated handout file photo issued by Counter Terrorism Policing North East of pharmacist Rowaida El-Hassan, who will
© Bloomberg/Bloomberg Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel Holds News Conference As Coalition Deadlock Ends (Bloomberg) -- Angela Merkel faces a balancing
© Getty Traffic flows on both carriageways of the Queensferry Crossing EU net migration is falling as more European citizens
Video provided by New York Daily News  Heather Locklear was arrested at her home in Thousand Oaks, California, on
Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern leaves for Sydney on Thursday for the annual trans-Tasman summit and leadership forum.  She will
'Do It Yourself' Is Harder Than It Looks  There is a lot to learn when you buy an old
Video by The Wall Street Journal  Some 80 million people will be seniors by 2050. Our national home-care infrastructure
© Provided by The Hill  Former Trump campaign adviser Richard Gates pleaded guilty on Friday afternoon as part of
Florida high school shooting  Slideshow by photo services  MIAMI_When, just two days after the 17 killings at Marjory
© Courtesy Andrew Lumish Andrew Lumish  Andrew Lumish of Land O’ Lakes, Florida, spends most of his waking hours
© Jonathan Drake/Reuters A message about grief counseling appears on the electronic signboard at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School one
Florida high school shooting  Slideshow by photo services  Nikolas Cruz's dangerous and disturbing behavior was flagged repeatedly to
© Pool—Getty Images U.S. President Donald Trump hosts a law enforcement round table on MS-13 at the White House on
© Provided by WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post Paul Manafort talks to reporters on the floor of the
(Video provided by CBS News)  Jennifer Lawrence is a lot of things — Oscar winner, advocate, and Emma Stone’s
© Provided by WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post President Trump delivers a statement on the mass shooting at
Video provided by ABC News  Last week, news broke the Australian Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce is expecting his
© Provided by Allure Media Pty Ltd The Crown's third season might be just a gleam in Netflix's eye at
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited The Human Rights Commission (HRC) is being criticised for its handling of a sexual
Two days after the Supreme Court Collegium recommended the appointment of Punjab & Haryana High Court judge Surya Kant as
© Business Insider Theresa May LONDON — Theresa May has announced plans to consider slashing the cost of certain university
© JACK GUEZ/AFP/AFP/Getty Images Israeli protesters raise signs as they demonstrate against Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in the wake of
© Newshub Age defying technology and free power are some of the futuristic predictions that came out of the Digital
Great Ormond Street Hospital's charity had said it would return the cash  Britain's best-known children's hospital charity is debating
While the government has been left red-faced with the Rs 11,400-crore Punjab National Bank (PNB) scam accused Nirav Modi and
© Provided by AFP A man weeps over his child at a make-shift morgue in Douma who was killed in
© Provided by AFPRelaxNews Humanoid robot Josie Pepper answers questions at Munich Airport. Over the next few weeks, flyers traveling
© Provided by NBCU News Group, a division of NBCUniversal Media LLC Image: GoogleA man looks at his phone at
Hollywood heavyweight Kate Hudson says she does not believe in changing the US constitution, despite passionate debate about the right
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited    Crackdowns on illegal Malaysian construction workers in Auckland is getting the
© Provided by Independent Print Limited  Sadiq Khan today set out plans for mandatory ballots of residents ahead of
© CBS News cordes-panetta-2018-2-2.jpg  WASHINGTON -- Friday's release of a once-classified CIA memo is "unprecedented" and could have far-reaching
Video by The Associated Press  MIAMI — Hundreds gathered at the fairgrounds here for a major gun show held
A seemingly innocuous phone conversation regarding the breakdown of a motorcycle, recorded by the J&K Police a day before the
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  (Provided by The Times of India)  New Delhi: Hearing a
© Provided by IBT Media  The Defense Department was forced to issue a correction of its Nuclear Posture Review
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  (Provided by The Times of India)  New Delhi: A sharpshooter
© Bauer Media Photo/Getty Images  You don’t have to be sick to have a medical health check, but if
© Provided by Bauer Media Pty Ltd Patrick Dempsey made viewers the world over swoon in his role as Derek
© Photo By Bill Clark/CQ Roll Call UNITED STATES - JANUARY 22: Rep. Dana Rohrabacher, R-Calif., arrives for the House
© Provided by The Hill  President Trump is reportedly set to field a series of meetings with Arab leaders
© Bill Hennessy Rick Gates pleads guilty in Mueller probe on February 23, 2018  After weeks of rumors, it
© (Getty Images). Mexico City Metropolitan Cathedral (Catedral Metropolitana de la Asunción de María) is the largest and oldest cathedral
© Provided by Business Insider Inc  Just over a week ago, ASX Limited, the owner of Australia's main stock
© Provided by Trinity Mirror Plc Credits: REX/Shutterstock  Cheryl and Liam Payne went to separate hotels after their loved-up
A shipment of phosphate rock bound for New Zealand that has been held up in a South African port for
© Jacquelyn Martin/AP Senate Homeland Security Chairman Ron Johnson (R-Wis.) initiated a fresh round of attacks Wednesday on two of
© Provided by WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post George Papadopoulos with his fiancee, Simona Mangiante. (Simona Mangiante) 
Video by Reuters America  President Trump ended the second government shutdown of his tenure early Friday morning, signing a
© Provided by Business Insider Screen Shot 2018 02 22 at 7.04.23 PM University of Chicago/YouTube  US ambassador to
© Radio New Zealand The Park Hyatt hotel being built at Auckland's Wynyard Quarter.  An Auckland company says it
© Miami Herald/ Belen Aldecosea Belen Aldecosea, 21, (right) claims Spirit Airlines instructed her to flush her emotional support hamster
© Provided by Business Insider Inc Colombia    Over the course of 11 years, photographer Matt O'Brien explored
© Provided by IBT Media (UK) GettyImages-463580748  Two species of bacteria work cooperatively to trigger colon cancer tumors, a
Northland residents are being warned of rising rivers, surface flooding, slips and hazardous driving conditions due to thundery downpours in
© TheWrap Marco Rubio  Sen. Marco Rubio's tweets about the horrific shooting in his home state of Florida were
© Getty Stonehenge has been a World Heritage Site for 32 years  Stonehenge could lose its World Heritage status
© Seven News  The lunchbox police are at it again. This time at a Melbourne school with a child
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 11 NEXT SLIDE > Kim Ik-soo, the owner of a small supermarket holds North
Photo gallery by photo services  Nikolas Cruz had just broken up with his girlfriend, who had been cheating on
© Provided by The Hill  WEST PALM BEACH, FLA. - President Trump on Saturday attacked the news media for
Rebecca Gayheart has filed for divorce from Eric Dane after 14 years of marriage.  Gayheart, best known for films
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 6 NEXT SLIDE > Image:Dr. Christina Jenkins, a colorectal surgeon, poses for a portrait
© Provided by The Press Association Chancellor Philip Hammond is on a European charm offensive (Dominic Lipinski/PA)  Philip Hammond
© Provided by Independent Print Limited A petition has been launched to try to stop the wife of a London
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said that the U.S. is now using "large sticks" instead of carrots to bring North
© RNZ / Richard Tindiller Bill English has not endorsed a successor and will leave it to his MPs to
On Tuesday’s episode of I’m A Celebrity, Get Me Out Of Here, Paul Burrell, a former royal butler and confidante
Mardi Gras is celebrated across the world, and a local New Orleans nonprofit organization, Louisiana Heroes Project, helped United States
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited  British charities are facing a government crackdown to combat the
Rightfully, AB de Villiers is being spoken of as the messiah to save South Africa in this ODI series. There
In a strategic move to expand its footprint in the Indian Ocean region, India has secured access to the key
© WireImage  The Duchess of Cambridge had a near-miss last week, when her high heel got stuck in a
Move over, Musée Picasso—there's a new museum coming to France and it's slated to have the largest Pablo Picasso collection
A total $30 billion in pledges were made Wednesday at a donor conference for Iraq's reconstruction after the country's devastating
Video provided by ABC  Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce has found himself in hot water again over fresh allegations
Human Rights Watch has interviewed dozens of "jihadi" brides at detention camps in northern Syria who want to return home.
The volcano first sprang to life again in September prompting officials to order a 10-kilometer evacuation zone. But a persistent
© Bauer Media Photo/Getty Images  In the economically crucial effort to block biological invaders, biosecurity officials are up against
© Provided by IBT Media (UK) philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-wants-troops-to-shoot-female-rebels-in-the-genitals  The Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte's bloody drug war has been one of
© Provided by Vox.com  Republicans rolled back even the most modest gun regulations.  It did not attract a
Mrs. X knew something was wrong when she burned herself in the bath for the third time.  The Australian
Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux’s split came as a shock to many, but there were signs the couple was drifting
Friends today paid tribute to a newlywed who became the fourth victim of the Grand Canyon helicopter crash after dying
© Provided by The Press Association Passengers may soon be able to keep their shoes on at airport security checks
© CarAdvice.com.au UPDATE (10/1): Mazda Australia has officially confirmed the CX-8 will be launched Down Under, with the new three-row
WATCH  Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  New Delhi: India's weapons-buying is frequently crippled by "multiple
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's plan to provide health insurance for about half the country's population would require an estimated
© Consult PR Dancers perform in Unganisha, exploring the African roots behind many of our most popular dance forms. 
'And then I saw two headlamps arriving. So I started to yell. And I said to myself, "OK it's going
© EPA The Labour MP Chris Bryant secured an urgent question to ask why the foreign secretary, Boris Johnson, approved
LOUISVILLE — U.S. Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said in Louisville on Monday that a compromise on immigration "won't be
An undocumented immigrant who took refuge in a Phoenix church and whose son has leukemia was relieved Monday after finding
© Joe Raedle/Getty Images  Steve Bannon, the former White House chief strategist, is quoted in a new edition of
The German military's role must meet "the needs of Iraq," Ursula von der Leyen said after meeting with the Iraqi
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited Dozens of families have been evacuated from their homes after a
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited A site in Ethiopia containing the footprints of ancient human children
© Getty  Oxfam has admitted that it rehired an aid worker it had sacked amid claims of prostitute use
© PA File photo dated 25/01/18 of a homeless person outside Victoria Station in London, as new figures suggest that
MONTREAL—There is not a political observer or insider anywhere in Canada whose attention is not riveted on the ongoing Ontario
© Courtesy of Tourism Santa Fe  The historic village of Chimayó, located in the heart of New Mexico, is
© Provided by IBT US A sheriff’s deputy in Davidson County, North Carolina, was fired Tuesday for allegedly robbing a
© Provided by Business Insider Kim Yo Jong KCNA/via REUTERS  Kim Yo Jong, the sister of North Korean dictator
Rose and Jack to the rescue! Former Titanic costars and friends Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio teamed up to help
Video provided by Hello Giggles  The Kardashian family tree grows taller every year, with momager Kris Jenner now boasting
Paul Marciano has reportedly responded to sexual harassment allegations leveled against him by supermodel Kate Upton.    Last
30 Spectacular Royal Weddings  Slideshow: Royal weddings (Cosmopolitan)  Meghan Markle's estranged half-sister Samantha Grant -- or Samantha Markle,
© RHONA WISE AFP/Getty Images Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School student Cameron Kasky speaks at a rally for gun control
© BBC The BBC Yoruba team and a language professor grapple with the finer points of style and grammar 
Getty Images File photo: Doctor holding medical injection syringe Spinal fluid is obtained by inserting a needle into the spinal
New Delhi: TIMES Higher Education (THE) World University Ranking has released the rankings for educational institutes in Asia and only
(Video provided by ESPN Cricinfo)  Virat Kohli's 34th ODI century helped India take an unassailable 3-0 lead in the
© Bloomberg/Bloomberg Cryptocurrencies Are Like Ponzi Schemes, World Bank Chief Says  (Bloomberg) -- The head of the World Bank
SBI or State Bank of India customers holding savings bank accounts with the country's largest bank are required to maintain
Air New Zealand posted a 7.4 per cent fall in first-half pretax profit as rising fuel prices offset record high
© File There were fundamental flaws with the way a sexual harassment complaint at the Human Rights Commission was handled,
US President Donald Trump has said the US will launch the "largest ever" package of sanctions against North Korea. 
© Provided by Trinity Mirror Shared Services Limited Credits: Woolley and Wallis / SWNS.com  A bargain hunter who bought
© Provided by Bauer Media Pty Ltd Topp spots: Jools and Lynda Topp share their favourite NZ haunts When it
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited  Police have arrested and charged a 30-year-old man in relation to the death
Angela Merkel has acknowledged European Union financing challenges for the remaining 27 member states after 2019. The chancellor later discussed
© Provided by Vox.com  Former White House strategist Steve Bannon has been refusing to answer lawmakers’ questions about the
The U.S. official in charge of protecting American elections from hacking says the Russians successfully penetrated the voter registration rolls
© Provided by CBS Interactive Inc. Businessman Amer Adi Othman, known as Al Adi, second from left, stands with his
© FBI/Los Angeles Times/TNS Rogelio Martinez.  HOUSTON - His death was held up as example of the dangers faced
© istockphoto.com fast food  President Donald Trump is famously quoted calling McDonald’s the epitome of “cleanliness,” and it turns
© AP A North Korean "Pukguksong-2" missile.  WASHINGTON — The Pentagon’s new nuclear strategy calls for smaller weapons designed
© Ted S. Warren/Associated Press Over 20 businesses offer some type of incentive to National Rifle Association members in the
© YURI GRIPAS/AFP/Getty Images Senator John Cornyn(C) (R-TX) speaks to the media as Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell(R) ,R-KY, and
© Daniel Leal-Olivas/AFP IBTPOTY2017 Pictures of the week A so-called Brexit "war cabinet" will try to iron out differences within
© Provided by Vox Media, Inc.  Daniel Zuchnik/Getty Images for NYCWFF  Saba and Safta will open this spring
A series of alleged health attacks in Havana have soured relations between the US and Cuba. Washington insists that travelers
Turkey has warned of "serious consequences" for any group trying to reinforce Kurds in Afrin, after a pro-Assad militia sent
© Video - Newshub; Image - Getty Australia voted to legalise gay marriage late last year.  The Caribbean atoll
© Brook Mitchell Wallabies legend and Bell Potter executive Simon Poidevin.  The pain continues for ex-Commonwealth Bank boss, Ralph
© Provided by Daily Record  A rainbow-themed police car will join the festivities at this month's Pride Parade on
She's currently experiencing a devastating low.  But newly-single Jennifer Aniston has reportedly sought moral support in an unlikely place,
After a call from Union Minister Rajnath Singh, the disgruntled Telugu Desam Party of Chandrababu Naidu today decided that the
Long-simmering tensions between the President Trump-led Republican Party and federal law enforcement erupted into open battle Wednesday, with the FBI
© Provided by CBS Interactive Inc. Douglas Haig  New documents reveal the name of the second person of interest
Boeing Co. has received a $6.56 billion contract to continue managing the U.S. missile defense system intended to stop North
© Malasig/Epa-Efe/Rex/Shutterstock/Malasig/Epa-Efe/Rex/Shutterstock Filipinos ride energy efficient electric tricycles during a test drive in Taguig city, south of Manila, Philippines, 12
The victims of the Douglas High mass shooting  Slideshow by the Miami Herald  Hundreds of students walked out
© Sunday Aghaeze/Nigeria State House via AP Chibok schoolgirls recently freed from Islamic extremist captivity are shown in Abuja, Nigeria,
The victims of the Douglas High mass shooting  Slideshow by the Miami Herald  The top trending video on
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited  A jury has found euthanasia activist Susan Austen not guilty of aiding the
Florida high school shooting PARKLAND, Fla. — An orphaned 19-year-old with a troubled past and his own AR-15 rifle was
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 5 NEXT SLIDE > Hundreds of high school and middle school students gather in
© Provided by The Hill  President Trump on Saturday claimed that the House Intelligence Committee Democrats' memo proves that
© Aaron P. Bernstein FBI Director Christopher Wray, left, CIA Director Mike Pompeo, and Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats
Is Meghan Markle giving an English accent a whirl?  On Tuesday, Meghan and her fiancé Prince Harrystepped out in
A top oil executive walked into the marble lobby of an exclusive Milan hotel on a chilly winter night. His
Video by Reuters  The nation’s top intelligence chiefs testified Tuesday that they fully expect Russia to seek to disrupt
© REUTERS/Benoit Tessier Theresa May Image Theresa May is looking to reverse her initial plan to stop EU citizens arriving
© Saul Loeb Image: Members of Congress attend the State of the UnionMembers of Congress look on as President Donald
Vice President Mike Pence issued an impassioned condemnation of North Korea at the Conservative Political Action Conference Thursday in response
A popular Francophone African Catholic priest killed in his Berlin bureau, Alain-Florent Gandoulou, has been mourned at a church service.
© PA Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn  Editor’s note: The opinions in this article are the author’s, as published by
© Provided by Hindustan Times  The tussle between Maldive’s Supreme Court and its president has raised the spectre of
© Provided by The Hill The federal judge who President Donald Trump attacked for his ethnicity during the 2016 presidential
© Provided by Business Insider Xiaolu Chu, life in north korea, train ride, photography  At the 2018 Winter Olympics
Men and women talk about the things they do every day to avoid or protect themselves against sexual assault. 
© Provided by ABC Health  They say laughter is the best medicine, but singing is just as good, according
© Ray Carlin-USA TODAY Sports  Ray Carlin-USA TODAY Sports  Hilton Magic could sting a vulnerable Jayhawk squad. 
Video by Reuters  President Trump late Saturday night criticized the FBI for failing to act on a tip that
WASHINGTON — U.S. President Donald Trump attacked the integrity of the FBI and Justice Department on Friday in an extraordinary
© Provided by IBT US  A passenger on an American Airlines flight was charged Thursday after federal authorities accused
© (Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images) A pair of slave shackles on display at the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History
Fox News host Sean Hannity on Thursday night denied a report that he has been advising President Donald Trump to
AFP An x-ray shows an eight-year-old boy hidden in a suitcase The boy's father ended up with a 92 euro
© Provided by The Press Association Ralph was given a wetsuit to help prevent him from getting sunburnt (Marwell Wildlife/PA)
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited  Theresa May has set out her reasons for allowing under-fire
© AFP A soldier. File photo  At least two Russian fighters were killed in US air strikes in north-eastern
Judith Collins, Amy Adams and Simon Bridges have announced they are all in the running to be next leader of
© David Nadlinger/University of Oxford/EPSRC The winning image, "Single Atom in Ion Trap."  A student at the University of
NEW DELHI: Maldives President Abdulla Yameen's government on Tuesday served a sharp warning against the many calls for Indian military
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited  Up to seven vehicles were involved in a crash that blocked all traffic
Rep. Devin Nunes, the California Republican who chairs the House Intelligence Committee, released a memorandum Friday spelling out alleged improprieties
© Provided by CNBC Cardiologist Dr. Jose Soler demonstrates to hospital CEO Dianne Goldenberg an app on an iPad to
Family time takes on a whole new meaning for the sophomore class at New Trier High School.  Located just
© WPA Pool/Getty Images EE British Academy Film Awards - Red Carpet Arrivals  On Thursday, Kensington Palace announced that
© RJ Sangosti / Getty Images  Almost every week, you can find me zipping through the aisles of my
© Photo by Joe Raedle—Getty Images People join together after a school shooting that killed 17 to protest against guns
© AP Photo/Gerald Herbert Jessica Gargaro, 15, left, and Sarah Goodchild, 15, both students at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School,
© Credit: CBSNews ftn-timscott-021818.jpg  President Trump tweeted late Saturday night his belief that the FBI was too busy investigating
The numbers of low cost private schools in low and middle income countries have exploded in recent years. These schools
© Credit: Nicholas Magand for GEN Tiina Sanila-Aikio leads a workshop on Sámi languages at the Sámi Cultural Centre Sajos.
© REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni People vote at the Evergreen Recreation Center during the 2016 presidential election in the Boyle Heights area
Almost exactly a year ago, a report from an independent consultant to Kenya’s telecoms regulator, sparked uproar and panic. It
2019 Toyota Tacoma TRD Pro Shows Off Snorkel Intake Ahead of Chicago  Toyota's last teaser for its Chicago debuts
© The Associated Press FILE - In this Oct. 28, 2015, file photo, actor Daniel Craig poses for the media
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday that arming teachers could help prevent massacres like last week's mass shooting at
© Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for Montblanc  Naomi Watts and Billy Crudup are going strong.  The couple, who star
© Instagram/@grantdenyer Grant Denyer and daughter Sailor.  With school in session, healthy lunchboxes that meet school guidelines are on
TALLAHASSEE, FL - His newborn legs were bare and cold to the touch.  That chilly May 6 morning, his
Advance technology and modern medicine have almost wiped-out the word impossible from the dictionary. Can you imagine to be in
An 18th-century cello worth more than €1.3 million ($1.6 million) has been returned to an award-winning French musician. Soloist Ophelie
Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Wolf (D) rejected the Republican legislature's redrawn congressional district maps on Tuesday, saying "the map submitted to
© Other Yet more retailers who claim to be fur-free have been selling real fur labelled as fake, an investigation
© Provided by WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post President Trump's State of the Union address on Tuesday was
PARKLAND, Fla., Feb 14 (Reuters) - A 19-year-old gunman returned to a Florida high school where he had once been
© Provided by Business Insider T72 battle tank russia destroyed TSGT Joe Coleman  A US jet operating in Syria
© Courtesy of Jessica Corbett/Courtesy of Jessica Corbett David Sorensen and Jessica Corbett at the Blaine House, the Maine governor's
© Bauer Media Melanoma patient Jeff Paterson fought for improved access to Keytruda before he died at 23 in August
The Philippines has imposed a ban on the deployment of all Filipino workers to Kuwait after the death of a
Video by The Washington Post  WASHINGTON — The White House's explanation of how allegations of domestic abuse against a
© Daily Mail  Four Kiwi men who viciously attacked a young Melbourne father could be deported out of Australia
The used Subaru market in this country can be a cutthroat place. That's why it's a good thing this abandoned
© Getty Images/AFP/Y. Al-Zayyat  After nearly 15 years of war, the Iraqi government has estimated over $90 billion will
Video provided by Wochit  They’ll be there for her!  Jennifer Aniston turned 49 on on Sunday, February 11,
Singapore has become a hotbed for drone research, testing, and innovation. A mere two months ago, we reported on an
© Provided by Business Insider Inc    With Valentine's Day (and unfortunately a new "Fifty Shades" movie) upon
A year after a near-disaster at Oroville Dam prompted the evacuation of nearly 200,000 people, the California Assembly voted to
© REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst FILE: White House Staff Secretary Rob Porter (L) arrives aboard Air Force One with fellow senior staff
By Alison Millington  |  Whether you've only spent a handful of days on the sand in your life
© Eduardo Munoz Alvarez/Getty Images A man climbs a traffic pole as Philadelphia Eagles fans celebrate victory.  As was
Actor Lindsay Lohan, who has fielded rumours of having converted to Islam for months, was seen wearing a hijab at
© Mike Stocker/Sun Sentinel/TNS Students are evacuated by police out of Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Fla., after a
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited  It's been suggested Jacinda Ardern spice up Cabinet meetings by ending them with
© Provided by ABC Business  Chinese visitors have returned to Bali after months of a tourism blackout sparked by
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 3 NEXT SLIDE > A climber moves up a border wall prototype as a
© MICHAEL BRYANT / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Joe Bednarsky Jr. was a high-ranking member of the KKK in South Jersey. After
Tributes to the Victims at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School Slideshow by photo services  Some teachers banned Nikolas Cruz
© Provided by Business Insider Inc  A helicopter pilot in Hawaii took action after a drone appeared "directly in
© Mark Wilson/Getty Images People visit a makeshift memorial in front of the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School where 17
© Provided by The Hill  President Trump asked members at his Mar-a-Lago estate about their views on gun control
© Provided by CBS Interactive Inc.  EN ROUTE TO TALLAHASSEE, Fla. -- Six days after the deadly shooting in
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 3 NEXT SLIDE > robert bigelow aerospace space operations AP_914378684972 © Provided by Business
© Briar Stewart/CBC When she was eight months pregnant, Courtney Cornelius and her family drove 450 kilometres to Dawson Creek,
It's a tale that has become only taller some 75 years after it first emerged - a Kiwi myth born
On Friday, the race to replace Metiria Turei as Green Party co-leader will begin.  It's been seven months, since
Russia's Olympic ban will be lifted if there are no further doping violations from their athletes at Pyeongchang 2018, the
By Thomas C. Frohlich  |  The latest mass shooting at a Parkland, Florida high school reignited the debate
By Evan Comen  |  Property taxes are the primary source of tax revenue for the majority of state
Video by Wochit  Democratic leadership on Friday issued a warning to President Trump that using a controversial GOP memo
This is the moment a US restaurant owner realises she's accidentally given a customer a container of cocaine, instead of
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited  Everyone knows how debilitating a headache can be.  
KiwiRail says high temperatures may have caused overhead wires in Wellington to sag, causing a rail stoppage for most of
© Provided by Business Insider Paul Manafort Thomson Reuters  Rick Gates, a former adviser to President Donald Trump's campaign,
© USA Network Grey's Anatomy star Katherine Heigl is replacing Meghan Markle and Patrick J. Adams in Suits When Suits
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  Video provided by Associated Press  Harvey Weinstein has finally broken
Czech President President Milos Zeman has pressed for alleged hacker Yevgeni Nikulin to be sent to his homeland, Russia. Nikulin
© Provided by Radio New Zealand Limited  They say they aren’t racist. The images tell a different story. 
Kris Jenner says Kanye West has "good intentions" following his string of controversial statements, and thinks the rapper will "explain
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited  Steven Joyce is the fifth MP to put his name forward to lead
BARWICK, Ky. – The line of big cars pulled up outside the one-room schoolhouse, which had a potbelly stove for
© Provided by TIME Inc.  Seven years ago Nicole Grimes of West Brownsville, Pennsylvania, had to say goodbye to
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited  A leading New Zealand law firm has been hit with allegations of sexually
© MARWAN TAHTAH/AFP/Getty Images Lebanese prime minister Saad Hariri greets his supporters upon his arrival at his home in Beirut
© Provided by AFP A Dutch cow who escaped right as she was being sent to slaughter now has a
© David Paul Morris—Bloomberg Martins Beach in Half Moon Bay, Calif.  Silicon Valley billionaire Vinod Khosla is asking the
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  © Provided by NDTV 'There's Been A Hacking:' Defence Minister Manohar
Patna: Bahujan Samaj Party chief Mayawati has declined an offer made by Lalu Yadav's party - the Rashtriya Janata Dal
© Associated Press Two rats gather in a shrub 'Super rats' that carry a genetic mutation making them immune to
German chancellor Angela Merkel said she is “curious” about the UK’s approach to Brexit as she held talks with Theresa
Video provided by ABC News  The Chinese calendar assigns different animals from the zodiac to each lunar year in
Video provided by Bang Showbiz  It's her big Hollywood moment.    So it's only fitting that Margot
Video provided by Wochit News  Florida man Nikolas Cruz has been charged with 17 counts of premeditated murder after
© Provided by Bauer Media Pty Ltd  McDonald's will soon remove cheeseburgers from its Happy Meal in an effort
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited  A new study suggests alcohol consumption is more detrimental to
© Getty Images Arnold Schwarzenegger and David Hasselhoff finally join forces for Kung Fury movie  The upcoming Kung Fury
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Friday said his government is pleased to have renewed its relationship with Punjab Chief
© Kenny Louie / Flickr Vancouver's Chinese New Year parade attracts thousands of people from across the Lower Mainland. 
American shale fields have flooded the oil market with crude, allowing the United States to import less from the Organization
© Alex Wong/Getty Images Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) walks back to his office a TV interview at Russell Senate Office
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 3 NEXT SLIDE > GFS model analysis of temperature difference from normal (in Celsius)
© Amy Sussaman/Invision for The Humane Society of The United States President and CEO of the Humane Society of the
© AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-SC., on the House floor for the arrival of President Donald Trump
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 3 NEXT SLIDE > Melissa Gilbert discusses 'If Only' with the BuiLd Series at
© AP Photo/Andrew Harnik President Donald Trump, accompanied by House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wis., left, and House Majority Leader
A man who was sent to prison 17 years ago for the brutal murder of a woman near Flaxmere has
Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern and her partner Clarke Gayford are set to meet the Queen.  Ms Ardern will attend
Video provided by Reuters  The Russian Defence Ministry warned the US military on Thursday to either stop flying near
© Provided by The Independent  Thailand has issued a ban on smoking and littering at 24 popular tourist beaches
© Provided by Food52  A new bill proposed in California by State Assemblyman Ian Calderon could be catastrawphic for
North Korea canceled a secretly planned meeting with Vice President Mike Pence during his trip to the Winter Olympics in
Video provided by Sky News  Stephen Fry has confirmed he has been diagnosed with prostate cancer.  Sharing a
© Provided by Trinity Mirror Plc Credits: News Dog Media  Chilling black and white footage shows 'Hitler's girls' -
© Provided by Business Insider school walkout florida Associated Press/Matt Wallheiser  Students across the country are rallying for stricter
JPMorgan Chase & Co. plans to build a new 2.5 million square-foot headquarters at 270 Park Ave. in New York
Vermont senators introduced a resolution Wednesday calling to add equal rights into the state constitution.  "Equal protection under the
© Natavan Khasiyeva Natavan Khasiyeva, 23, suffered a traumatic fall eight months ago between two buildings that paralyzed her from
Video provided by Wochit  2017 marked the 10th anniversary since Madeleine McCann disappeared from an apartment in Praia da
© Provided by SB Nation  Oscar Pareja has experimented a lot this preseason but what will his first look
© River, from freezing puppy to safe and warming hearts River the dog was rescued by animal control officers after
A Japanese company is planning to build the world's tallest wooden skyscraper with 90 percent of the building made of
Buyers ditching expensive European sedans to buy expensive American trucks The New York Times ended the automotive week with a
Bitcoin hit a three-week high Tuesday and has surged nearly 100 percent from its lowest level this year as its
The family that took in the Florida school shooting suspect says they knew Nikolas Cruz was depressed, but had no
Despite condemnation from rights groups, Iraq has been fast tracking trials for women who were involved in Islamic State's reign
For the second time, three-piece Big Damn Band is visiting New Zealand and they'll be turning up the volume. 
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited  An Australian town is preparing to host a mullet festival, to determine who
© RNZ / Eric Frykberg Susan Austen is accused of assisting the suicide of Annemarie Treadwell Police bugged a euthanasia
© Christopher Katsarov/Canadian Press Minister of Finance Bill Morneau speaks to media after meeting with private sector economists in Toronto
© AAP Image/Antarctica New Zealand,Lex McKenzie The business case for the new build will cost $6.14 million. Scott Base is
© FEDERICO PARRA AFP/Getty Images Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro (C) delivers a speach next to Vice-President Tarek El Aissami (L)
It was a photo that was seen far and wide: a member of the Basque terrorist organization ETA, Igor Portu,
Talks to restore power-sharing in Northern Ireland have collapsed, just two days after the UK and Ireland's leaders said progress
© Provided by IBT Media (UK) Refugees in Ethiopia  The landlocked African state of Ethiopia is at a crossroads
Tributes to the Victims at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School  Slideshow by photo services  A tipster alerted the
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson urged allies Tuesday to stay focused on fighting the Islamic State group, saying Turkey's
A German schoolgirl who ran away to join the "Islamic State" terror group has been handed a six-year jail sentence
There was something unusual about the fresh-faced groom that day.  The priest at the San Jorge church in A
Victims of last week’s Florida school shooting gathered with thousands of supporters on Saturday to say “enough is enough”. The
The victims of the Douglas High mass shooting  Slideshow by The Miami Herald  Two major protests are already
© express web desk India-Iranian ministers share agreements as two leaders look on. (Source: Twitter/RaveeshKumar)  India and Iran inked
It's been more than 70 years since World War II ended, and undetonated explosives from the conflict are still being
The top Democrat on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee is pushing for more information on the October ambush
WASHINGTON—U.S. President Donald Trump says he’s wise to Canada’s diplomatic trickery — even though “Canada is very smooth.”  At
© Jack Taylor/Getty Images LONDON, ENGLAND - DECEMBER 05: British Prime Minister Theresa May leaves Number 10 to greet Spanish
© CNN Broward County Sheriff Scott Israel insists his department received 23 calls relating to high school shooter Nikolas Cruz
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 3 NEXT SLIDE > Broward Sheriff Scott Israel makes a point to NRA Spokesperson
Here's the thing - you can't help who you fall in love with, but you can decide whether or not
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  (Video provided by NDTV)  Both Tamil Nadu and Karnataka hope
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited  Wikileaks founder Julian Assange has been holed up in the
© Provided by Hindustan Times  Associates and friends describe Rotomac Pens promoter Vikram Kothari, accused of allegedly defaulting on
© Reuters  Amid attention on the political crisis in the Maldives, Chinas PLA Navy has held rare exercises in
Video by The Associated Press  PARKLAND, Fla. - He looked like a typical teenager.  That was Coconut Creek
© Provided by CBS Interactive Inc. President Trump signs Waters of the United States EO, Feb. 28, 2017  A
Despite their opposing political viewpoints, Meghan McCain and Joy Behar are perfectly respectful of each other.  A source tells
© Photograph by Kevin Moloney — Fortune Brainstorm TECH Airbnb CEO Brian Chesky at Fortune Brainstorm Tech 2016. Tuesday, July
© EPA Rick Gates  The special counsel investigating claims of Russian political meddling in the US has filed new
Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy on Thursday revisited a proposal he says would jump start the state’s economy: Widening sections of
The death toll in an operation to flush out militants holed up in a residential area of the Sunjuwan military
© Provided by Hindustan Times The All India Muslim Personal Law Board (AIMPLB) on Sunday expressed concern over ‘growing atrocities
Hours after Herbert Diess, VW's boss since last month, told shareholders the carmaker needed a "more honest" culture, the US
© Radio New Zealand Juken's Matawhero timber factory.  The Japanese-owned wood products company Juken has confirmed it will axe
© AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar Some people don't like the new Mustang's jacked-up price. Here's what you could have for
© Provided by Independent Print Limited Donald Trump has been voted the worst president in US history by nearly 200
For five days in 2004, Mark Mitchell was perched on the roof of an Italian diplomatic compound in the Iraqi
© Provided by The Hill Rep. Ryan Costello (R-Pa.) on Sunday called for tougher rules on background checks and bump
U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday night threw his full support behind Mitt Romney’s bid to be the next U.S.
When I joined Oxfam Canada as its executive director in 2014, it felt like I had landed the greatest job
© Sebastian Widmann/Getty Images U.S. Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats attends a panel discussion Saturday at the 2018 Munich
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  West Coast authorities are already preparing for the ex-tropical cyclone Gita
Video provided by Wochit Entertainment  The Duchess of Cambridge arrived at the BAFTAs in a green Jenny Packham gown,
Civil Defence is urging New Zealanders to be prepared as Cyclone Gita makes its way south.  The powerful storm
Deputy President Ramaphosa told crowds he plans to tackle corruption within the ANC, while also promising "closure" over the issue
© Nancy Stone/Chicago Tribune/TNS Esperanza Perez, mother of Miguel Perez, testifies in Chicago on April 13, 2017, on behalf of
© NDTV  Bengaluru: In the backdrop of the alleged political violence in Karnataka, where assembly elections will be held
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  (Video provided by NDTV)  NEW DELHI: As Finance Minister Arun
© Getty Images 903239854 Young women in Iran are part of a new generation of activists as they protest their
Turkish warships continued to block a drilling rig from reaching an area in southeastern Cyprus where it planned to drill
© Sacramento Bee/MCT—Getty Images Coast Redwoods rise up from the valley floor on February 20, 2008 at the Muir Woods
(Video provided by ETOnline.com)  Jennifer Aniston and Brad Pitt are allegedly back in touch with each other, but it
© Provided by Bauer Media Pty Ltd Wentworth actress Danielle Cormack talks climate change, health and drinking  She might
© Ford  Many companies believe ride sharing will be the first major commercial use of self-driving cars, but Ford
© Provided by Business Insider broward county sheriff scott israel Reuters/Michael Laughlin  Broward County Sheriff Scott Israel is facing
© Thomas Kienzle/AFP/Getty Images Israel threatens direct action against Iran  Israel’s Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has stepped up his
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 3 NEXT SLIDE > This copy of the Declaration of Independence, made in the
Reuters Areas affected by landslides are seen after a powerful 7.5 magnitude earthquake, in Hela province, Papua New Guinea, 27
© Provided by Vox Media, Inc.  Corky’s BBQ/Facebook  Corky’s BBQ is set to arrive this year  Tennessee-based
© Twitter Is Britain’s ‘deep state’ fact or a right-wing fiction?  Attacks on civil service and Treasury officials have
© Provided by Trinity Mirror Plc Credits: Parliament UK Tory welfare chief Esther McVey has been rebuked by the House
© Polkacafe 10 Destinations That Are Enchanting Yet Safe For Women Travelling Solo    Travelling solo can be
© Peter Cade / Getty Images A court in Germany decided that cities have the right to ban diesel cars
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 5 NEXT SLIDE > Kristan Morgan outside the federal prison complex in Tallahassee where
© Mark Wilson/Getty Images Former President Barack Obama and former first lady Michelle Obama were presented with their official portraits
© Getty Images Getty Images  Not all royal weddings look alike, as fans of the family have learned throughout
© New Line Cinema / Courtesy Evere Ryan Gosling Rachel McAdams in "The Notebook"Ryan Gosling Rachel McAdams in "The Notebook"
Video provided by USA Today  Detectives want to re-interview the 87-year-old widower of Natalie Wood, as new details emerge
© KCNA/Reuters North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in Pyongyang, Dec. 8, 2014. GENEVA (Reuters) - The United States said on
Video provided by Newshub  It is a place New Zealand prime ministers and politicians have feared to tread. 
© Alexi Lubomirski/Getty Images prince-harry-meghan As a follow-up to their 2011 hit movie, William and Kate: The Movie, Lifetime is
© Naseer Ahmed/Reuters Pakistani troops in Saudi Arabia  Pakistan's opposition parties are piling pressure on the government to reveal
The childbirth questions you were too afraid to ask.  It's been six days since the body of Brazilian businesswoman
© Courtesy of Town of Westlake/Fort Worth Star-Telegram/TNS Westlake Academy charter school, just north of Keller, will create a Keller
EU budget chief Günther Oettinger says he wants Berlin to pay at least 3 billion euros more to cope with
© Getty Images Toilet paper manufacturers have warned prices could rise by 10-30% Taiwan retailers have seen a rush on
© PA Harvey Weinstein is facing dozens of accusations of abuse The New York studio co-founded by disgraced film producer
© Provided by Allure Media Pty Ltd In one of The Crown season two's most shocking episodes, Queen Elizabeth II
An economist has come up with a way to slash hundreds of thousands of dollars off the price of a
Despite the ongoing debate about America’s hefty trade balance deficit with China, the exports of newly manufactured U.S. passenger vehicles
© Provided by IBT US  Two Middleton High School students were walking back home when they were shot and
From toe jumps to twizzles to axels, Olympic figure skaters are constantly in motion during competition. They spin and spin
© Serghei Starus/Shutterstock One in three men globally are estimated to be circumcised.  A proposed bill to ban non-medically
Just one day before the deadly shooting at Marjorie Stoneman Douglas High School that took the lives of 17 teachers
To some, Artificial Intelligence will dramatically improve our lives in the future. To others, it spells the end of mankind.
© Tom Williams, CQ Roll Call Rep. Brian Mast, R-Fla., leaves a meeting of the House Republican Conference in the
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 3 NEXT SLIDE > Jaclyn Corin, a Marjory Stoneman Douglas student, walks with Sen.
If the #BoycottNRA movement were a land invasion, it would have blitzed across the lightly defended countryside of corporate America
© David Horemans/CBC A property in East Vancouver, where the benchmark price for a single family detached home has increased
Jeremy Corbyn has ridiculed the idea that he gave information to a Czech spy during the cold war, calling the
© Alex Wong—Getty Images Mueller leaves a closed meeting on June 21 with the Senate Judiciary Committee about Comey's firing
© Provided by AFP Queen Margrethe II, whom Henrik married in 1967, celebrated 40 years on the throne in 2012
Boris Johnson today called on Theresa May to commit to a hard Brexit outside of the single market and customs
© Tommaso Boddi/Getty Images Wayne Pacelle, the chief executive and president of the Humane Society of the United States, is
© Jacquelyn Martin/AP Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs Thomas Shannon, left, and Deputy Defense Secretary Patrick Shanahan, listen
New Delhi: Chief Justice of India Dipak Misra has made public the assignment of cases in the Supreme Court and
HAVANA, Feb 1 (Reuters) - The eldest son of late Cuban revolutionary leader Fidel Castro, Fidel Castro Diaz-Balart, committed suicide
© Bauer Media Tash Sultana. Photo/Getty Images Fortunately she didn't, now Australian musical sensation Tash Sultana is bringing her one-woman
Aviation authorities are reporting an alarming rise in the number of fires caused by batteries in passengers' electronic devices. 
© John Lamparski/Getty Images Justin Theroux isn’t letting his recent split from Jennifer Aniston stop him from keeping fit. 
© Bauer Media Assid Abraham Corban in 1892. Photo/Corban family  The trailblazing West Auckland wine family, the Corbans, has
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited Freak rains have exposed bugs that could indicate there's life on
Those injured in a deadly accident last summer at the Ohio State Fair have reached a settlement with the state.
Zac Efron was spotted again in Northern Kentucky Tuesday afternoon.  Car rumbles filled Mainstrasse Village in Covington as crews
© Provided by NBCU News Group, a division of NBCUniversal Media LLC Image: 1st Sgt. Nicholas S. Amsberry1st Sgt. Nicholas
New evidence has emerged of genocide in Myanmar, with images emerging showing five mass graves of Rohingya Muslims and the
Former Congress Delhi chief Arvinder Singh Lovely, who had joined the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) nine months ago, rejoined the
Like many from the post-Partition generation of the Indian subcontinent, the Punjab National Bank (PNB) has been a survivor. Seventy
© Provided by NDTV 24x7 delhi police kejriwal    New Delhi: Policemen swarmed Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal's home
© Provided by Hindustan Times    The Aam Aadmi Party accused the Delhi Police on Friday of acting
After a stinging mail by billionaire jeweller Nirav Modi on the Rs 11,000 crore fraud, the Punjab National Bank (PNB)
© Provided by Business Insider South African Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa greets security personnel at the World Economic Forum on
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited Russia has denied allegations by New Zealand spy agencies that it launched a global
© Provided by Business Insider Rick Gates Paul Manafort AP Photo/Susan Walsh  Former Trump campaign adviser Rick Gates is
Rare 1971 LS6 Corvette is Uncovered  I'd heard people say, "Oh, Harry still has that car in his parent's
Video provided by Newsy  China and Russia could soon match the military might of the US and her allies
Like every parent, Kim Zolciak and her husband Kroy Biermann don't want to worry when they send their kids off
© Caiaimage/Sam Edwards / Getty These are the things you inherit from your mother, according to science That old cliché
Celebrity romances, engagements and weddings of 2018  Slideshow: Celebrity weddings and engagements of 2018 (GES)  Idris Elba appears
© Getty  A US politician has sparked outrage after super-imposing an image of the Cheddar Man over the top
By Béatrice Bernard-Poulin  |  Disney films are adored by young and old alike. For your next holiday, why
This week’s Democratic retreat was supposed to be an opportunity for House Democrats to fine-tune their message ahead of the
© Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg President Trump, shown Thursday, eagerly supported the release of a classified memo questioning FBI actions in the
© Rex Shutterstock/Zuma Press/TNS Devin Nunes listens to testimony before the House Permanent Select Commitee on Intelligence related to the
Video provided by Wochit Entertainment  James Hetfield has joined the cast of the Ted Bundy biopic 'Extremely Wicked, Shockingly
New Zealanders wanting to support the people of Tonga recover from Cyclone Gita's devastation are being urged to send cash.
Former Prime Minister Bill English has quit as leader of the National Party, bringing his 14-month stint at the party's
© Provided by Hindustan Times  Congress president Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday led the party’s attack on Prime Minister Narendra
In yet another addition to the list of benefits enjoyed by central government employees, the Narendra Modi-led government may soon
© AFP Alleged crime boss Gennady Petrov was arrested in Spain in 2008 but later fled to Russia A Russian
© Provided by Free Daily News Group Inc New phone-based scam targeting Canadians steals $5.1 million from five victims 
© Provided by Independent Print Limited An 88-year-old military veteran who rescued a young woman from five knife-wielding robbers today
Canadian athletes are being reminded to sing the new version of their national anthem at the Winter Games opening ceremony
© ITV News An 83-year-old from the UK, whose job is to help school children cross the road, has been
Better late than never! Alicia Vikander, who is notoriously private about her relationship with husband Michael Fassbender, opened up about
© FOX News Before Robert Redford was a celebrated Hollywood actor, he was just a restless kid in Los Angeles
Former Peruvian president Fujimori to stand trial for murder. The National Criminal Court says the pardon granted in December does
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 5 NEXT SLIDE > Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, right, his wife Sophie Gregoire
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 4 NEXT SLIDE > Lenzer Achieng, the mother of six-month-old Samantha Pendo who died
© Provided by CBS Interactive Inc. 400-Pound Calf Rescued After Hurricane Harvey Believes She's a Pet Dog She may not
© Provided by Fox News  Archaeologists in Israel say that they have found a clay seal mark that may
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  A state of emergency has been declared in Taranaki, Nelson, Westland,
© Provided by AFP Nazif Mujic won a Silver Bear acting award at the Berlin film festival in 2013 
© The Guardian Bitcoin, the digital currency  An IT worker in Wales has joined the list of would-be millionaires
Video provided by Wochit  According to maths, science and the royal calendar, Prince Charles might not be in the
A Hong Kong-based Swedish bookseller in jail in China has accused Sweden of exploiting his case for political reasons. But
© Provided by The Independent Male Maldives.jpg  The Maldives Ministry of Tourism has declared the country safe for tourists
© Provided by The Hill Two Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) fighters from Britain have been captured by
© Provided by Bauer Media Pty Ltd Catherine braved the cold at last year's BAFTAs with an off-the-shoulder gown embellished
Video provided by Wochit Entertainment  She was the first person to receive 10 Academy Award nominations and she twice
Teachers at an elementary school in Germany have appealed to parents for help dealing with "extreme physical violence" from young
© Kyle Terada-USA TODAY Sports  The level of dedication it takes for Olympic athletes to reach their final destination
One of the pirates involved in the death of Kiwi yachting legend Sir Peter Blake has been captured after 16
© Provided by Business Insider Crashed Israeli F 16 Reuters  An Iranian drone was destroyed a minute and a
South African President Jacob Zuma announced his resignation Wednesday in a nationally televised speech. Zuma has been at the center
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 3 NEXT SLIDE > Dee Clarke, 60, lives in Section 8 housing and receives
© Christina El Moussa/Instagram  Christina El Moussa is feeling the love.  The Flip or Flop star, who finalized
Hundreds of foreign nationals are fighting in Afrin to defend the Kurdish "revolution" in northern Syria. Considered mercenaries, they could
© Courtesy of Versus Reviews  America's an enormous and glorious country with plenty of room for both fancy folks
(Video provided by E!)  When Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux announced their split last week in a joint statement,
The B.C. Civil Liberties Association and Doctors of B.C. are raising concerns after a physician was told he had to
© Provided by Business Insider Inc Chipotle Nachos    Chipotle hinted it might roll out new menu items
© Provided by Associated Newspapers Limited Nicola Sturgeon (pictured today in London) took a step closer to triggering a major
© Digital Spark Weddings Whole Foods WeddingWhole Foods Wedding  Whole Foods Market is great for many things — organic
© H&H Auctions  It's not uncommon for celebrity cars to pop up at auctions. Next month at the Goodwood
© AP Photo/Andrew Harnik, File In this Dec. 6, 2016 file photo, Brad Parscale arrives at Trump Tower in New
Video by CBS News  WASHINGTON — Speaker Paul Ryan said Tuesday that House Republicans would focus on law enforcement
© Joe Raedle/Getty Images Lt. Laz Ojeda, Coral Springs Fire Department, fights back tears as he talks about the day
© Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Smith and Wesson handguns are displayed during the 2015 NRA Annual Meeting & Exhibits on April
© instagram.com/mcdonalds  There are many wonders of modern life. How does Invisalign work? How did that Google ad know
© Provided by The Hill  Chief of staff John Kelly has reportedly indicated to President Trump that he is
© Mandel Ngan—AFP/Getty Images U.S. President Donald Trump delivers remarks at Sheffer Corporation in Blue Ash, Ohio on Feb. 5,
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are going to be feeling the love in Scotland!  The royal couple is heading
© Provided by The Hill  Boxes of supplies that were bound for Puerto Rico have been contaminated by a
© Provided by Business Insider rex tillerson cbs 60 minutes CBS News  Rex Tillerson hailed the success of the
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  Bengaluru: The election campaign in Karnataka today got shriller, with BJP
© picture-alliance/AP Photo/E. Vucci  South Korea has said the US and North Korea must find common ground if talks
© Provided by NewsCred chubby women Make Men Happier (Says Science!)    Finally, us ladies with curves get
Video by The Wall Street Journal    Democrats are trying to change the terrain of the immigration debate.
At least 14 people were shot at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in south Florida on Wednesday, authorities said. Broward
© Provided by NBCU News Group, a division of NBCUniversal Media LLC Image: LA Shooting AftermathPerhaps the most troubling issue
© Reuters A Syrian Civil Defence member carries a baby from the scene of an air strike in the Eastern
Outlining his first steps to tackle corruption, the new South African president told parliament he plans to screen the lifestyles
Bam Margera has pleaded not guilty to his DUI charges from last month.  A spokesperson for the Los Angeles
© Provided by Business Insider Inc    Ross Smith, who quit MMJ Phytotech (ASX :MMJ ) in 2014
© AFP PHOTO / POOL / RICHARD POHLE (Photo credit should read RICHARD POHLE/AFP/Getty Images TOPSHOT - Britain's Prince George
© Provided by CBS Interactive Inc. U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley briefs the media in front of
© Tom Williams/CQ Roll Call via AP Images/ Rep. Adam B. Schiff (D-Calif.) right, ranking member of the House Permanent
Video by Newsy  BALTIMORE - The verdict of more than $37 million won by the family of Korryn Gaines,
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited  CoverGirl has unveiled their latest beauty campaign, which features a
Turkey and United States on Friday agreed to work together in Syria after weeks of tensions over Ankara’s latest cross-border
Mitt Romney has formally announced that he will run for US Senate in Utah.  Romney will seek to replace
Mitt Romney announced his long-expected candidacy for Utah's Senate seat Friday, and House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) could barely contain
© Canada Lands Company An image of the preferred design concept for the Booth Street redevelopment, maintaining the heritage look,
© Press Association Winston Chrchill seated at his desk in the No 10 Annexe Map Room, May 1945 The year
© Provided by Independent Print Limited  A British pub is offering customers a discount off their food bill if
© Provided by Business Insider US Army Apache helicopter joint air-to-ground missile Yuma Proving Ground US Army/Tad Browning, Army Operational
© Provided by Toronto Star Medical school graduate Robert Chu, left, took his own life after being passed over twice
RIO DE JANEIRO—Brazil’s military will take over public security in Rio de Janeiro until the end of the year in
© Provided by IBT Media  Amid endless calls for “thoughts and prayers” instead of legislative action in response to
© Carolyn Kaster/Associated Press President Donald Trump was speaking during a meeting with state and local officials about infrastructure when
New Delhi: Ariz Khan, the Indian Mujahideen terrorist, expert bomb-maker involved in blasts that caused 165 deaths, had started out
While the fighting between the Turkish and Syrian Kurdish camps rages in northern Syria, a war of words and videos
After defending his decision to invite a man found guilty in 2016 of failing to provide the necessaries of life
The White House argued that a memo released by Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee on Saturday fails to answer
Delta Air Lines Inc. and United Continental Holdings Inc. became the latest companies to cut ties with the National Rifle
WASHINGTON—A Democratic memo released Saturday defended federal investigators’ handling of the surveillance of a former Donald Trump campaign adviser and
The Jerusalem church built at what many consider the holiest site in Christianity remained closed for a second day Monday
© Provided by WLWT5 MIAMI — Parkland school shooter Nikolas Cruz appears to have been in line for a sizable
© Andrew Harnik/AP Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) greets officers as he arrives for a meeting between President Trump and law
© Instagram Gigi Hadid, Priyanka Chopra The global star Priyanka Chopra is currently on a world-conquering spree and it looks
Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc. is slimming down its newspaper empire with more job cuts.    BH Media
© Press Association Provided by PA  Brits are eschewing trips to the sun beds out of a fear they
© Photograph: Christopher Furlong/PA Deepening problems face Theresa May as the proposed date for Brexit approaches.  Political discussions on
© BPI/Rex/Shutterstock Sir John Hall, who has given the Conservative party more than £500,000.  Theresa May is facing a
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited  Britain is being kept in the dark about Brexit with
South Africa has declared the drought which has seen Cape Town hurtling towards "Day Zero" a national disaster.  The
The National Portrait Gallery unveiled the long-awaited portraits of former President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama on Monday.
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited  Britain’s Brexit divorce bill will soar by billions of pounds
© Provided by Independent Print Limited The family of a prisoner stabbed to death inside Wormwood Scrubs today said: “He
© Associated Press A pro-Turkey Syrian fighter walks on Bursayah hill, which separates the Kurdish-held enclave of Afrin from the
© REUTERS/Stringer A Myanmar policeman stands outside of a camp set up by Myanmar's Social Welfare, Relief and Resettlement Minister
© pepipoo.com An NHS worker was slapped with a £60 parking fine for overstaying by 11 minutes after rushing to
Fans of Kylie Jenner may not want to count on seeing photos of her daughter all over social media. 
© Kaupp Family Farms/Facebook This Piper Lance aircraft belonging to Bill Kaupp has been reported missing. Its last known position
© AP Photo/Evan Vucci President Donald Trump meets with Saudi Defense Minister and Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman bin
© Provided by AFP The political drive for the separatist cause began in 2016 after police broke up demonstrations by
© Provided by The Press Association (Kirsty O'Connor/PA) Scotland Yard has formally apologised for failing to reveal that an undercover
A convoy of pro-Syrian government fighters entered the Kurdish-held enclave of Afrin in Syria Tuesday before they were targeted by
© Provided by Bauer Media Pty Ltd Mr Joyce is pictured with his former wife of 24-years, Natalie.  Kate
© Associated Press Pedestrians walk a flower tribute behind newly installed barriers on Westminster Bridge in London, Monday, June 5,
Video provided by Wochit  Prince William has jokingly admitted that he wouldn't be able to cope if he and
© Andrew Vaughan Prime Minister Justin Trudeau chats with Sheryl Sandberg, Facebook chief operating officer during a bilateral meeting in
© FoxNews.com Informant claims Russian nuclear officials told him that Moscow hired the American lobbying firm APCO Worldwide in hopes
Video provided by Wochit  Game of Thrones has become such an integral part of our lives, that it has
Some of our prisons are close to overflowing, with the number of those behind bars hitting an all-time high this
Recep Tayyip Erdogan and US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson kept mum after meeting at the presidential palace in Ankara.
After much speculation, a meeting between Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Punjab Chief Minister Amarinder Singh took place at
Ahmedabad: Former top Gujarat police chief PP Pandey will not be charged in the 2004 Ishrat Jahan fake encounter case,
© Getty Images/Darren McCollester The expansion of medicare coverage to include prescription drugs would be a concrete innovation of universal
GOP Rep. Kevin Cramer is reconsidering running for Senate in North Dakota, despite previously saying he would run for re-election
© (AP Photo/Matt Rourke) Senate President Pro Tempore Joe Scarnati, R-Jefferson, speaks with members of the media at the Pennsylvania
© Gabrielle Lurie, The Chronicle Nikki Lastreto, who owns cannabis brand Swami Select shows off some cannabis on her farm
Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux’s marriage is not “hanging by a thread,” despite a new report. The tabloids have spent
© picture alliance/dpa/U. Anspach  Councilors in Herxheim am Berg in southwest Germany have voted to keep a controversial Nazi-era
© Provided by Reuters The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge began their second leg of the royal tour today, as
© SeongJoon Cho/Bloomberg via Getty Images Jacinda Ardern. The Prime Minister has asked the Attorney General to investigate the claims
© Getty Images Picture for Representation. A prison informant convicted for lying to the jury in the trial against David
Unverified pictures and video footage has begun to circulate on social media purporting to show a pair of Russian Su-57
© Provided by The Press Association Michel Fourniret has reportedly admitted killing Joanna Parrish (PA)  A convicted serial killer
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 3 NEXT SLIDE > New LEGO Set Lets Harry Potter Fans Apparate to the
Video by Associated Press  (Bloomberg) -- The U.S. government entered a partial shutdown as Congress missed a midnight deadline
Reuters Ilmars Rimsevics, seen in profile, in this 2009 photo No official reason has yet been given for Mr Rimsevics'
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 4 NEXT SLIDE > An image from a post in which a Florida resident
© Ken Leedham/CBC As spring break gets underway, the Canadian government is offering travelling tips to keep people safe while
Subaru Introduces 50th Anniversary Edition for Every Vehicle  This year, Subaru will celebrate 50 years in the U.S. market.
© Provided by NBCU News Group, a division of NBCUniversal Media LLC Image: Kristen Welker interviews Jennifer Willoughby, one of
© Olivier Contreras/Sipa USA/TNS White House Chief of Staff John Kelly speaks to the media during the daily briefing in
Alarmed by a surge in mergers and acquisitions by Anbang Insurance, China’s insurance regulator has taken over the giant temporarily—putting
© Atta Kenare—AFP/Getty Images A picture shows the skyline as seen from western Tehran on Dec. 30, 2015.  (TEHRAN)
It’s been five long months since Germany’s 2017 general election flung the country into a state of political limbo and
Video provided by Seven News  Chris Hemsworth has ruled out the idea of starring in a rebooted Crocodile Dundee
© Provided by Business Insider christopher wray fbi china xi jinping AP/Andrew Harnik/Fred Dufour/Pool  FBI director Christopher Wray issued
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  Standing outside a tiny but beautifully kept flat in Johnsonville, just
(Bloomberg) -- India’s tycoon Singh brothers took at least 5 billion rupees ($78 million) out of the publicly-traded hospital company
Love can often flourish in the most hopeless of situations.  And so it was for Aynalem and Genet who
© Peter Dazeley—Getty Images  (BERLIN) — Police in western Germany have freed two men who became entangled with a
Greenpeace has offered advice for those who want to cut down on plastic bags but still line their rubbish bins.
© Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images U.S. President Donald Trump hosts a business session with state governors in the State Dining Room
© Provided by The Hill A White House photographer on Monday appeared to capture senior adviser Stephen Miller dozing off
© Provided by The Hill  Reps. David Cicilline (D-R.I.) and Ted Deutch (D-Fla.) formally introduced a bill on Monday
© Alex Wong/Getty Images Activists rally in front of the U.S. Supreme Court on February 26, 2018 in Washington, DC.
© Zack Wajsgras—AP  A garbage truck seemingly drove around rail crossing safety gates before getting hit by an Amtrak
© Provided by Vox.com  The White House staffer is resigning after his two ex-wives came forward to allege abuse.
© Carl Juste/Miami Herald/TNS Farmer Victor Lozada searches for items that can be salvaged from his shed, which was destroyed
AFP Catalan pro-independence demonstrators protest against the visit of Spain's King Felipe VI at the Mobile World Congress (MWC) in
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  Celebrity jeweller Nirav Modi, who left India just days before the
China today said that it would lodge stern representations with India over Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Arunachal Pradesh.
(Provided by Wochit News)  Oh, Melania. How to send a message without actually sending a message, eh?  
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  (Video provided by The Times of India)  In a landmark
If you loved the Museum of Ice Cream (which is still open in Miami by the way) then you’re probably
© Provided by Canadian Broadcasting Corporation Men and women from Eritrea and Sudan held a silent protest earlier this month
© Jahi Chikwendiu/Washington D.C. Aaron Cox-Leow stands on her family's farm in Centreville, Va., near the sign that has caused
© REUTERS Actor Daniel Craig's limited edition centennial 2014 Centenary Edition Vanquish, numbered 007, is seen in an undated photo
© Provided by The Hill  A California man has pleaded guilty to identity fraud in connection with special counsel
© Christie's  The name’s Vanquish. Aston Martin Vanquish. Specifically, the 2014 Vanquish that Aston Martin gave to James Bondactor
Yoon Ji-young lays down slabs of fatty pork belly that sizzle and crackle as they touch the burning hot grill
Well before the end of Chinese president Xi Jinping’s first term, political experts had already begun speculating that he was
SEOUL—South Korea’s president called on the U.S. to ease preconditions for talks with North Korea, as his government sought to
Police warn that anyone could be stopped for drink driving any time , anywhere - but new figures have put
What is Hyundai hiding under this disguise? Hot on the heels of this week’s Santa Fe reveal, spy photos have
Chicken Coop Find! 1969 Mustang GT R-Code Convertible  The car collecting community has coined the phrase "barn find" when
© Provided by Independent Print Limited A group of domestic violence campaigners have stormed the BAFTAs awards ceremony, forming a
© REUTERS/Phil McCarten Henrik, Prince Consort of Denmark, attends a centennial celebration in Solvang Denmark's Prince Henrik, the husband of
© Provided by IBT Media (UK) russia-tests-new-defense-missile  Russia has successfully test-fired a new anti-missile system or a rocket capable
© AAP Image/Peter Williams Fletcher Building Analysis: The profitability, economic value and reputation of New Zealand's biggest construction company have
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  Editor’s note: The opinions in this article are the author’s, as
Ayodhya: Days before the Ram Janmabhoomi-Babri Masjid title suit is expected to come up before the Supreme Court for the
The latest entrant to the 125cc scooter segment is the TVS Ntorq. Going by the styling and performance, there is
Israel stayed true to its promise of arresting and deporting African migrants last week after it detained seven Eritreans who
© Provided by IBT Media (UK) china-sets-path-for-president-xi-to-remain-in-power-indefinitely  China's ruling communist party is set to make sweeping changes to its
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited  New Zealand First leader Winston Peters has announced Fletcher Tabuteau has won the
Czech authorities detained a former leader of a Syrian Kurdish political party under an Interpol red notice that was based
AFP Asma Jahangir The lawyer was a pro-democracy activist, a critic of Pakistan's security establishment, and a women's rights defender
A Russian passenger jet carrying 65 passengers and six crew members crashed shortly after takeoff from Moscow on Sunday. All
© Damian Dovarganes Los Angeles County Sheriff's Capt. Christopher Bergner, at podium, speaks at a news conference in downtown Los
© BERNARD WEIL 'Barely surviving’ to thriving: Basic income recipients report less stress, better health  Margie Goold, who suffers
© Getty Images/AFP/J. Guez  Benjamin Netanyahu told his Cabinet on Sunday that Israel would continue to target Iranian-backed forces
The Russian president has ordered a new ceasefire to allow civilians to exit one of Syria's last rebel strongholds. The
© Getty Images The ANC's challenge: How to please its base without losing investor confidence  After years of attempts
The Thai prime minister's new pop song has not been a hit with the public.  PM Prayuth Chan-ocha released
The EU would deny Britain the Brexit transition period requested by Theresa May if ongoing disagreements in negotiations are not
Analysts suggest US President Donald Trump is using trade as a tool to strong-arm South Korea into keeping the pressure
© Provided by Business Insider florida shooting superintendent Joe Raedle/Getty Images  A survivor of the Florida school shooting wrote
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 3 NEXT SLIDE > Image: Lee Meng ZuLee Meng Zu defected from North Korea
© Pool/Getty Images North America/Getty Images NATIONAL HARBOR, MD - FEBRUARY 24: (AFP OUT) U.S. President Donald Trump delivers remarks
NEW DELHI, Feb. 25 -- In June last year, burglars emptied out the contents of as many as 26 safe
© Provided by Hindustan Times  It doesn’t really matter whether the Modi government sought to snub Justin Trudeau or
© Provided by AFP Comedians focusing on Hungarian politics have become the stars of political cabarets at Budapest comedy clubs.
Video provided by ABC  Until Wednesday morning former journalist Vikki Campion had not made headlines since she was The
Be it an outing with friends or family or even a house party, one can never say no to ‘Biryani’
Video provided by BangShowbiz  Meghan Markle denied knowing her own half-brother when he reached out to her for help,
© Provided by Bauer Media Pty Ltd  Looking for a low cost flight ticket?  Aren't we all -
Video provided by Buzz60  The engagement of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle made headlines across the world, with royalists
David Shearer's latest role with the United Nations has helped facilitate the release of hundreds of child soldiers in South
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 2 NEXT SLIDE > Bernie Sanders And Elizabeth Warren Hold Progressive Political Rally In
Punjab chief minister Captain Amarinder Singh on Monday announced that he will meet Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on his
© Ricky Carioti/Washington D.C. President Trump discusses potential limits on bump stocks Tuesday at the White House. “We must do
After presenting the brand’s latest collection in New York on February 12, Ju Won Suh posted a video of the
© Provided by Business Insider Robert Mueller Alex Wong/Getty Images  On Friday, special counsel Robert Mueller's office announced the
A California state senator accused of sexual misconduct resigned Thursday just ahead of a possible vote to expel him, delivering
© PA Court artist sketch by Elizabeth Cook of Darren Osborne in the witness box with Defence barrister Lisa Wilding
Mumbai: Punjab National Bank (PNB) on Wednesday said it has detected a Rs11,400 crore fraud at a single branch in
For years now, Auto Expo has been offering a large platform for local and international vehicle manufacturers to showcase their
Michael McCormack has been sworn in as Australia's new Deputy Prime Minister.    The Nationals have chosen Mr
When things became serious with Prince Harry, Meghan Markle was forced to shut down her lifestyle blog The Tig. 
© Video - The AM Show; Image - Channel 9/60 Minutes Australia Jacinda Ardern and Clarke Gayford could hardly believe
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited  A former New Zealand Prime Minister, a high-profile Kiwi actor and a British
© Provided by Trinity Mirror Plc British model Chloe Ayling suffered physical violence including being drugged, handcuffed and "brutally transported
Video provided by Wochit  Nails is hammering Charlie Sheen with accusations the actor ordered the murder of a former
James Laxer, author, York University professor and former federal NDP leadership candidate, has died at the age of 76. 
© Matt Smith 'We want this negativity to perish:' Rallies held across Canada in protest of Colten Boushie verdict 
Former President Bill Clinton paid his respects Tuesday to the late Rev. Billy Graham.  Clinton arrived in Charlotte about
Saudi Arabia joined Turkey and China in a move to block a U.S.-led attempt this week to place Pakistan on
A moped thief who almost killed his friend as he sped around London stealing mobile phones from pedestrians has been
Video by NBC News  President Trump on Friday declared that a new round of indictments in special counsel Robert
© Reuters Demonstrators take to the streets in Asella, Oromiya A national state of emergency has been declared in Ethiopia
The Colombian military has launched an attack on the National Liberation Army (ELN) after the leftwing guerrilla group blew up
© PA Protesters on the NHS march.  Health workers, activists and unions are marching in central London on Saturday
© Provided by The Press Association Brexit Theresa May must defy Chancellor Philip Hammond and deliver a “clean Brexit” if
© Provided by CNBC Kiva Confections medicated blueberries and chocolate bar  The booming market for legal marijuana is creating
© Timothy A. Clary/AFP/Getty Images A view of the Trump Tower from Fifth Avenue in New York on April 14,
Yobe state's education commissioner Alhaji Mohammed Lamin tells DW that parents are not cooperating with authorities to find dozens of
© TheImageDirect.com jennifer-aniston  Jennifer Aniston is spotted outside a film studio in Los Angeles following her split from husband
Tributes to the Victims at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School  Photo gallery by photo services  The country is
© Provided by Independent Print Limited Women politicians are calling for better maternity and paternity rights for MPs to stop
© PA Undated family handout photo of Joyce Kettle, 74, (front row, second from the left), and her family 
Falling sick on a trip to Barcelona can not only ruin your vacation, it can also wreak havoc on your
A report by a prominent French newspaper has alleged China of spying on the African Union headquarters. The Chinese-funded building
China has ordered one of the country's largest social media platforms to suspend key portals, including its trends-search feature. The
© Reuters Hitler's autobiography was one of the things found by police when they searched the home of shooting suspect
© The Associated Press Cyrial Ramaphosa was elected South African president on Thursday, a day after the resignation of Jacob
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  (Provided by The Times of India)  A Pakistani terrorist in
© HASAN MOHAMED via Getty Images Editor’s note: The opinions in this article are the author’s, as published by our
© Getty Images/iStockphoto The Süleymaniye mosque in Istanbul was built at the same time Michelangelo was working on St Peter’s
Artistic inspiration comes in many forms, and sometimes when and where you least expect it. The creators of the innovative
Justin Bieber was standing by his father Jeremy's side as he said "I do" in a beautiful ceremony Monday. 
© Damir Sagolj/ Reuters Kim Jong-Un  A group of North Korean hackers were sent to China and required to
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited  Australian-owned airline Jetstar has been embarrassed by its lack of geographical knowledge again,
© Provided by Trinity Mirror Shared Services Limited Credits: EssexLive/ WS  A new app dubbed 'Tinder for mums' helped
© PR Handout; Photo by Chris Jackson/Getty Images for IWC; Photo by Chris Jackson/Getty Images for IWC Sonam Kapoor Sonam
Video provided by Wochit entertainment  House of Cards actor Reg E Cathey has died, aged 59.  He was
Lawmakers will head to Baton Rouge Monday for another special session.  Gov. John Bel Edwards called the special session
© HAMZA AL-AJWEH/AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE/GETTY IMAGES  Syrian regime forces backed by Russian warplanes pounded a rebel-held suburb of the capital,
Archaeologists exploring the world's biggest flooded cave in Mexico have discovered ancient human remains at least 9,000 years old and
My boyfriend—a Filipino-American—has a go-to request whenever he's feeling under the weather. It's the same request he makes of his
© Mirror 'I love you forever': Teenage brothers' heartbreaking text messages as gunman killed 17 at their Florida high school
Protests, Demonstrations Follow Florida High School Shooting  Photo gallery by photo services  Dozens of U.S. colleges and universities,
Tamil actor Kamal Haasan is set to launch his own political party on Wednesday, kicking off the event with a
The $1.77 billion (over Rs11,000 crore) fraud at Punjab National Bank has sent shock waves across Indian banking.  A
© Provided by Trinity Mirror Shared Services Limited Credits: Instagram  A student was electrocuted while using her mobile phone
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited  Plans have been drawn up to build the world’s largest
© Doug Mills/The New York Times Kim Yo-jong reaching out to shake hands with President Moon Jae-in of South Korea
© Hagen Hopkins/Getty Images Police Wellington police are continuing to investigate the unexplained death of a 21-year-old woman whose body
© Laser Unicorns Oscar nominee Michael Fassbender will star in a feature-length version of Kung Fury, the cult comedy short
Video provided by Time  How did actress Uma Thurman end up crashing into a tree at perhaps 40 miles
© BACKGRID angelina-jolie-shiloh-zahara Angelina Jolie wants her daughters to take a stand. During a new interview with former Secretary of
© AFP Family members alerted police after phone calls to the couple went unanswered  A Slovak investigative journalist and
Lebanon's Hezbollah has escalated the Mediterranean race for offshore gas and oil, threatening Israel and saying America is "not an
A paramilitary chief who serves as a contact for Russians who want to become mercenaries in Syria discusses the grim
Replay Video UP NEXT Hopeful Son Waits for Detainee's NKorea Release In an AP interview, Sol Kim expressed hopes that
Video provided by Reuters  The wild weather is easing as Cyclone Gita moves away further today, but MetService still
© Photo by Mustafa Hassona/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images GAZA CITY - GAZA - FEBRUARY 23: Palestinians shout slogans during a protest
© REX/Shutterstock As many as 6,000 mink were released during the ALF raid on a Hampshire farm in 1998. 
Keene, New York, native and University of Vermont graduate Tommy Biesemeyer has withdrawn from Olympic competition after hurting his ankle
In June 2017, an anodyne footnote to the Bank of Baroda’s (BoB) quarterly results mentioned a fine levied by the
© NDTV  The government's stand that the details of 58,000-crore Rafale fighter jet deal cannot be disclosed to the
AGUACATE SUR, MEXICO —Avocados may be the key ingredient in one of America’s favourite snacks, but here in this rural
A weight loss of as little a 5-10% can improve a woman’s chances of falling pregnant. In the world’s first
There's a patient wing at Fanny Allen in Colchester that's filled with a whole lot of love.  "I've gotten
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 3 NEXT SLIDE > Tawang is an ideal honeymoon destination, providing the much needed
© Provided by Independent Print Limited Police are investigating after a man was found dead near the Tube entrance to
© Kenny Kemp/Kenny Kemp Gazette Mail The Charleston Newspapers building on Virginia Street, in Charleston. Owners of the Charleston Gazette-Mail
© Provided by WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post A 2000 photo of a copy of Harper Lee’s “To
Florida high school shooting  Photo gallery by photo services  Jim Gard has been a math teacher for 36
© Provided by NBCU News Group, a division of NBCUniversal Media LLC Image: FILE PHOTO: The U.S. Capitol is seen
© Vincent Carchietta-USA TODAY Sports  Vincent Carchietta-USA TODAY Sports  Wahab Ackwei and Steven Echevarria have joined the II
In the midst of London Fashion Week, Kate Middleton and the Sophie, Countess of Wessex spent Monday evening at Buckingham
Indonesia’s Mount Sinabung erupted on Monday, shooting ash more than three miles into the air and reshaping the mountain’s summit.
© Provided by Bauer Media Pty Ltd Clarke Gayford and Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern. When the Woman's Weekly had the
© Kristyn Stroble Photography 12 Reasons I'm Glad I Married My High School Sweetheart  Most people look back fondly
© Provided by Business Insider ivanka trump south korea dinner South Korean Presidential Blue House via Getty  Ivanka Trump
© Alex Wong/Getty Images Speaker of the House Rep. Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Sen. Mitch McConnell hold a
(Video provided by Reuters)  Never underestimate the power of the Kardashian family.  Kylie Jenner, the youngest of the
Japan plans to buy at least 20 more F-35A stealth fighters over the next six years, according to a report
© Provided by Windows Central  The new campus will house 2,000 employees and marks the completion of just under
© Rhona Wise/AFP/Getty Images Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School student Cameron Kasky speaks at a rally for gun control at
California agriculture industry already faces a farm labor shortage but now it's facing added pressure due to a wave of
Volvo Wants to Protect Your Pooch  My dog Bonnie loves going out for daily rides in the car. She
© Provided by The Hill Special counsel Robert Mueller has reported a new criminal accusation against President Trump's former campaign
New Zealander Tamate Heke has been sentenced to six-and-a-half years in prison for unlawful striking causing death when he accidentally
When Billy Graham, America's best-known evangelist, passed away Wednesday, he left more than survivors. America's pastor also passed on a
Reuters Former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori accompanied by his son Kenji Fujimori leaves Centenario hospital in Lima, 4 January 2018
AFP/Getty Images Wolves in Les Angles, south-western France. File photo After being wiped out by hunters in the 1930, wolves
Kirby Lee-USA TODAY Sports  The Kings sell high on Darcy Kuemper to acquire another depth forward. Is the bottom-six
© Provided by AFP Merkel's struggles to form a new coalition have raised suggestions that she may be on the
© Jean-Sebastien Evrard/AFP/Getty Images/ Republican Guards marched at the annual Bastille Day military parade on the Champs-Elysees avenue in Paris
© Provided by The Press Association What the papers say - February 7  Wednesday’s papers offer a mixed bag,
It's a regular sore point for viewers of the weather forecast: just how prominent is your area on the BBC
WESTERVILLE, Ohio -- Two police officers were fatally shot responding to a potential domestic situation in Ohio on Saturday afternoon,
Born as Wolfgang Alexander Zaugg in Sweden to a German mother and a Swiss father, Ausonius was reportedly bullied at
© Provided by The Press Association Louella Fletcher-Michie, daughter of Holby City and former Coronation Street actor John Michie, (Zoe
© Provided by Trinity Mirror Shared Services Limited Credits: Daily Mirror  Frenzied bidding in an auction of Lord Lucan
© Provided by The Press Association Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn  Jeremy Corbyn has “questions to answer” over his Cold
© Tim Rooke/REX/Shutterstock Kate Middleton arrives in Essex on Feb. 7, 2018.  Kate Middleton has returned from her winter
Quincy Jones used to date Ivanka Trump—or so he says. In a wide-ranging interview with New York magazine’s David Marchese,
If a remote South Pacific destination with lots of Second World War artifacts and world-class diving appeals to you, check
Around 2,000 civil servants and volunteers participated in a nocturnal count of homeless people organised by the Paris mayor’s office
© Provided by The Press Association Prince Henrik of Denmark with the Queen, Queen Margrethe of Denmark and the Duke
© Provided by The Press Association Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson (Dominic Lipinski/PA)  Boris Johnson has warned it would be
© Bob Pool/Getty Images If you've never been to the most visited national park in the U.S., you should make
Ten years ago, Norway build the Svalbard Global Seed Vault, a secure storage facility deep within an Arctic mountain designed
These live updates have now finished. Please click here for Wednesday's live updates.  Cyclone Gita has hit New Zealand,
Chevy Chase has been called difficult to work with in the past, but a new profile on Donald Glover in
© Provided by NBCU News Group, a division of NBCUniversal Media LLC Image:Officer Eric Joering and Officer Anthony Morelli.Officer Eric
© Photograph by Getty Images  On Friday, a new indictment by special counsel Robert Mueller provided a comprehensive overview
© AFP/Getty Images A pedestrian walks past a Sinn Fein billboard in west Belfast. It calls for a special status
© Stoke Sentinel / BPM Media A devastated twin is heartbroken after her 'beautiful' teenage sister died from killer flu
© Getty Images Smoke rises after an airstrike over the eastern Ghouta region of Damascus, a de-escalation zone in Syria.
A sedated, two-month-old Bengal tiger was found inside a plastic container, padded by newspapers, but with no food or water,
New genetic research has revealed that the world's wild horses went extinct hundreds if not thousands of years ago. Scientists
Kate Middleton has buttoned up her baby bump against the cold today as she stepped out in a stylish military-style
YouTube promoted a video featuring a conspiracy theory claiming that one of the survivors of the school shooting last week
Tories pushing for a hard Brexit are putting devolution in Scotland at risk, the country’s Deputy First Minister has warned.
© Provided by Whalerock Industries      It seems no one is safe from this year's flu,
© AP Photo/Markus Schreiber German Chancellor Angela Merkel attends the cabinet meeting of the German government at the chancellery in
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited A new report has revealed the staggering levels of food waste
The death of Denmark’s Prince Henrik this week has prompted discussion around when Crown Princess Mary will become the country’s
A Toronto-based photographer is putting female friendships in focus.  “There’s a movement and women are sharing their stories ...
Attention, writers and readers: We may have found your next literary vacation spot.  One of the former homes of
Iran has disclosed plans to develop nuclear reactors for ships, despite a deal with world powers that curtails its atomic
© Jonathan Dyer-USA TODAY Sports  Jonathan Dyer-USA TODAY Sports  We know who is in Tucson, which means we
© Provided by Business Insider Nikolas cruz JenniferTintner/Twitter  A 19-year-old named Nikolas Cruz has been identified as the suspect
© Photographer: Bloomberg/Bloomberg/Bloomberg Views Of The U.S. Capitol Before President Trump\'s First State Of The Union Speech On Tuesday Night
© Provided by IBT Media (UK) popular-zimbabwe-opposition-leader-morgan-tsvangirai-dies-in-south-africa  The leader of Zimbabwe's opposition Morgan Tsvangirai has died, a spokesman for
© Photo by Gareth Copley/Getty Images  Photo by Gareth Copley/Getty Images  The 26-year-old has been signed to a
© Reuters Eoin Morgan  England captain Eoin Morgan is expected to be fit for the crucial Twenty20 clash against
© Haidar Hamdani/AFP/Getty Images Iraq special forces search for possible remaining Islamic State fighters on the border with Saudi Arabia,
© picture-alliance/dpa/M.Thomas  A former soldier has admitted to "accidently" killing a 9-year-old girl, whose disappearance last year gripped France.
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited Theresa May’s plans to avoid a hard Irish border after Brexit
Prince Harry has shown his support for his father’s fight to save the world’s coral reefs by joining the Prince
Refreshing or Revolting: 2019 Toyota Avalon  The Toyota Avalon has never been particularly sporty, but it's long been the
© Michele Falzone/Getty Images Grand Canyon National Park.  Three people were killed and four others were injured after a
© Provided by Hearst Television, Inc. Sosie Smith  A local student with Down syndrome has qualified for a regional
Getty Images Oleg Deripaska Oleg Deripaska has warned the media not to repeat the allegations made against him 1 
The wreckage of a plane that crashed in Iran on Sunday has been found, local media are reporting.  The
© Provided by The Hill  President Trump on Thursday suggested mental illness played a role in a shooting at
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  Thousands of tourists are still trapped in Golden Bay as rain
Video by Reuters  WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump embraced arming educators to stop mass shootings as students and parents
“Ice cram sales and forest fires are correlated because both occur more often in the summer heat,” wrote Nate Silver
© SEAN KILPATRICK / THE CANADIAN PRESS Claim of Indian interference in Trudeau event ‘dangerously irresponsible': Andrew Scheer  OTTAWA—The
Video by Wochit Business  Whole Foods has a new inventory-management system aimed at making stores more efficient and cutting
© Provided by Business Insider nikolas cruz 2x1 Broward County Jail via Assocaited Press  The FBI admitted it didn't
Whether you live in Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata or Bangalore, there are many places near your cities where you can visit
First the clue 'The Camera. Reimagined.' Then an accidental leak of its official promo showing its new phone in all
Law enforcement agencies across Northern California have been busy this week investigating a number of violent threats against schools. 
Demonstrators gather opposite the James Cook University Hospital in Middlesbrough as they show their solidarity with NHS staff during a
At Ebrahim Toure’s first detention review hearing, three days after he was arrested by Canada’s border police, immigration authorities said
Tesla and Space X boss Elon Musk Tech tycoon Elon Musk is one of the richest men in the world,
Male: Maldives President Abdulla Yameen, who appears to have gained the upper hand in the bitter power struggle in the
“Give army, take accession and give whatever powers you want to give to the popular party (National Conference headed by
© Provided by Vox Media, Inc.  Wise Sons  Can bagels be big in Japan?  With today’s opening
© Facebook Troy Black.  CALGARY—A Calgary man who died in Mexico after suddenly falling ill while on vacation is
Kurdish fighters in northern Syria say they have struck a deal with the Syrian government under which it will send
© Getty William and Kate's third baby is due in just a matter of weeks now, and everyone's trying to
In the headlong race to create profitable, scalable, zero-emissions cars to cut down worldwide CO2 emissions, battery electric vehicles (BEVs)
Sonam Kapoor's wedding to her long-time boyfriend Anand Ahuja has always grabbed headlines. After Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma, Ms
© Evening Standard Khader Saleh Three men have been charged with murder over the stabbing death of a prisoner at
© Movietalkies Fashion designers Harpreet and Rimple Narula couldn't have asked for a better film than Padmaavat to showcase their
© Provided by Trinity Mirror Shared Services Limited  Angus Robertson has announced he plans to step down as Deputy
© Getty Images  India captain Virat Kohli is smashing records at will. As he and his team-mates gear up
In a move that will affect techies looking to work in the US, the United States Department of Labor has
Maldives President Abdulla Yameen's embattled government appears to have secure China's backing, after its special envoy held talks with Chinese
© express web desk His (Judge BH Loya) death is suspicious, there have been two other suspicious deaths. President gave
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu have agreed that Washington and Ankara will "no
© Provided by NBCU News Group, a division of NBCUniversal Media LLC Image: Rep. Devin Nunes (R-CA) leaves the chamber
Reuters Steven Mnuchin and his wife Louise Linton arrive for a New Year's Eve party with U.S. President Donald Trump
Police are responding to reports of an active shooter at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida. As of
Video by Reuters  A senior White House official said Wednesday that he would resign after his two ex-wives accused
Recently, while visiting me in Brooklyn, my mom’s eyes went twinkly as she noticed all the wild pokeweed growing around
© AP This 2015 photo provided by the North Korean government shows North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, right, and
© Provided by Cover Media Timothee Chalamet has landed a regal new role in upcoming Netflix movie The King. 
© Copyright ¡HOLA! Hello! Magazine  Katie Holmes' beloved grandmother has sadly passed away, and the Hollywood star has paid
Researchers Dennis McCarthy and June Schlueter believe that the Bard of Avon may have borrowed turns of phrases and plotlines
© bhofack2/Getty Images  Quiz any aficionados of Louisiana-area cuisine, and they can describe the differences between Creole and Cajun
US embassy in Cuba When a mystery illness rippled through the US embassy in Cuba in late 2016, the diplomatic
Arndt Meyer, the celebrity stalker who was deported to Germany after serving eight years in a Spanish prison for the
© supplied "So as I was turning 30, I thought about what it would mean to have my stomach removed
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited  Scientists have discovered a chemical used in McDonald's fries could cure baldness. 
Video provided by Buzz60  Tensions are already mounting in the I'm A Celebrity... Get Out Of Here! jungle. 
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  Video provided by AP  At least two crew members were
© Provided by Business Insider Robert Mueller AP  Alex van der Zwaan, a wealthy Russian lawyer who was charged
© Provided by Vox Media, Inc.  Pl8 is from the same parent company as Le Cirque and Circo 
© Provided by Newshub Watch the worst moments in the 60 Minutes interview.  Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern was the
A company that sold 271 baby rattles, which did not comply with New Zealand safety standards, has been fined $20,000.
© Ralmax The proposed Point Hope Marine graving dock will be capable of servicing vessels up to 170 metres in
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited  Paymark is investigating a claim its new Click sales platform has been compromised
© Kaupp family photo Plane from southern Alberta goes missing in U.S.  Friday’s search for a small plane carrying
Venezuela's economic crisis as left the country's health system on the verge of collapse. Amid a shortage of medication, HIV
© 7 News  Australian Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce has announced he will resign after several weeks of sustained
Saudi Arabia is not dependent on Germany for its arms and will find other suppliers, Foreign Minister Adel al Jubair
Saudi Arabia backed down under pressure from the U.S. and allowed Pakistan to be placed on an international terror-financing watch
© Reuters The pair met via Tinder.  A rapist who met his victim through the Tinder dating app has
© Dave Hunt/AAP Image Natasha Ryan.  Some Australians might not realise that, in between iconic sandwich spreads and architectural
Video provided by Wochit  Psycho star John Gavin has reportedly died at the age of 86 after a long
© Amanda Siddartha/CNN A team from Sioux Snake Rescue catches a snake in Jakarta.  Ghufron Arifuddin's New Year resolution
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — The Minnesota Twins acquired right-handed pitcher Jake Odorizzi from the Tampa Bay Rays on Saturday night for
© @the.corgi.cora TODAY, product courtesy of merchant site Madison Palm has always known her dog Cora is special. It's why
Video by CBS News  Paul Manafort was using fraudulently obtained loans and tax-cheating tricks to prop up his personal
Giant Photo Gallery: the 2018 Grand National Roadster Show  For 69 years, the judges of the Grand National Roadster
© Provided by AFP Croatian Diego Makovac is among the fisherman bearing the brunt of a dispute between Croatia and
Video provided by CBC News  WASHINGTON—U.S. President Donald Trump called Thursday for “love” and “kindness” in response to the
© Paul Sancya/AP  Our infrastructure is in need of repair, and much of the money for that comes from
© Getty Every February in Yosemite National Park, the beginning of the month is marked by a brilliant orange phenomenon:
© Provided by WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post (Daniel Acker/Bloomberg)  We know they are out there. 
WASHINGTON—Corey El was watching The Office as the train he takes a few times a year from New York City
Prince Henrik, husband of Danish Queen Margarethe II has died. He passed away at Fredensborg Palace with the Queen and
Officer Scott Peterson waited four minutes outside the high school building after the shooting started. Seventeen people were killed in
A former Vishwa Hindu Parishad activist, a film director and a producer were on gangster Chhota Shakeel’s hit list till
© India Today  A group captain of the Indian Air Force - equivalent to a Colonel of the Indian
© Getty  Highlights of Union Budget 2018  Unlike many of his predecessors, Arun Jaitley will be a much
AFP This photo illustration taken on February 16, 2018 shows a man looking at a full-page Lunar New Year advertisement
Florida high school shooting The FBI was warned in September about a possible school shooting threat from a YouTube user
J.C. Penney is anticipating closing eight of its department stores across the U.S. this year, a spokesman told CNBC. 
Slovak reporter Jan Kuciak and his partner have been shot dead in an attack "likely" tied to his reporting, officials
More than 60 percent of South Koreans believe President Moon should sit down with Kim Jong Un at a summit
© Robert Alexander—Getty Images  A flight’s take-off can mean different things to different people. For some, it could be
Florida high school shooting  Slideshow by photo services  The hours after the mass shooting at a Florida high
© Provided by The Hill  The White House attacked Democrats on Thursday after the Senate rejected legislation based on
Canada needs to clean up its act. That’s the clear message from 540 scientists and doctors who appealed to the
© Provided by Business Insider ar 15 AP Photo/Jessica Hill, File  Wednesday's mass shooting, which killed 17 and injured
The Egyptian museum in Turin, a northern city in Italy, is keen to diversify its clientele. It offered a three-month
For Tara Jensen, the baker, artist, and teacher behind Smoke Signals Bakery in Asheville, North Carolina, the goal has never
© Provided by Vox Media, Inc.  Courtesy El Famoso  El Famoso brings enchiladas, sloppy joes, and Cali-Mex to
Drone footage has revealed the extent of the devastation on the Chatham Islands.  Charred and smouldering hillside stretches for
© Fiona Goodall/Getty Images Dead Kauri at Huia in the Waitakere Ranges Regional Park on September 4, 2017 in Auckland,
© EPA Hungary’s prime minister, Viktor Orbán.  A European parliamentary watchdog has called for tougher scrutiny of EU spending
© EPA The family's walled Johannesburg compound was subject to an early morning search by elite police  The home
WASHINGTON—In a significant departure from his previous public comments, Donald Trump’s trade chief expressed confidence Tuesday that the U.S. can
© Rich Fury/Getty Images BEVERLY HILLS, CA - FEBRUARY 05: Jane Seymour attends AARP's 17th Annual Movies For Grownups Awards
© REUTERS/Colin Hackley Protestors rally outside the Capitol urging Florida lawmakers to reform gun laws, in the wake of last
I'm about to give you a magic wand to make any mild-mannered fish delicious (and it doesn’t involve beer-battering and
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited  The Government is facing the prospect of crucial Brexit legislation
© Provided by AFP Adelina Sau's death sparked widespread anger in Indonesia Trafficked to Malaysia, forced to sleep outside with
Video by Wochit  SAN FRANCISCO - A federal appeals court refused Tuesday to derail a $25 million Trump University
© Lesley Anne Murphy Instagram Lesley Murphy isn’t easily fazed by the drama of reality television, because for the former
© NICHOLAS KAMM/AFP/Getty Images White House senior adviser Jared Kushner (L), White House chief of staff John Kelly (C) and
© Provided by Bloomberg LP The SandRidge Sand Trap  Want to make it big in the oil industry? Try
© Kristen Ronald David Ronald (left) broke his pelvis, back and arm after falling over three and a half metres
© Provided by Practical Motoring The all-new 2018 Peugeot 508 has been revealed ahead of its public debut at the
© Tina Lovgreen/CBC Minister of State for Child Care Katrina Chen plays with preschool children in December 2017. Chen and
© Image - Reuters; Video - CBS  Survivors of a recent school mass shooting in the US are hitting
Detectives hope the latest round of renewed interest in the mysterious 1981 death of actress Natalie Wood will bring forward
© REX/Shutterstock Sarah Ferguson will be invited to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding in a bid to heal the
People in the Far North want action on housing, transport and employment, Deputy Prime Minister Winston Peters says.  Mr
© Swire Seabed The Seabed Constructor (pictured) left the Port of Durban on January 2 and began searching for Malaysia
© Provided by Bauer Media Group (NZ) LP  He was devastated by his split from Viarni Bright, but just
© EPA Jeremy Corbyn speaking at a conference in London on Tuesday. Communist-era files from the intelligence agency of Czechoslovakia
© Reuters An Oxfam sign on a wall in Corail, a camp for displaced people of the earthquake of 2010,
Pennsylvania’s Democratic governor Tuesday rejected a proposed congressional map drawn up by Republican legislative leaders to address political imbalances cited
© Lucy Nicholson/Reuters  The Border Patrol is one of the country’s most powerful law enforcement agencies; it can stop
Protesters have gathered to denounce racism after an Italian man opened fire on African migrants in Macerata. Immigration has become
© CBC Environment Canada has issued rainfall warnings for all of central and southern New Brunswick with rain, heavy at
© PA Chief Constable Phil Gormley who has resigned with immediate effect  Phil Gormley, the chief constable of Police
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 3 NEXT SLIDE > Vice President Pence, left, makes a toast with Japanese Prime
© Roberto Machado Noa/LightRocket via Getty Images Michael Hill. Michael Hill International expects first-half earnings will more than halve with
Jeremy Corbyn has accused Theresa May of cutting police funding and trying to ensure “public safety on the cheap”. 
© REUTERS/Peter Nicholls A worker at Bonhams auctioneers poses next to Tutu," by Nigeria's best-known modern artist Ben Enwonwu, ahead
The woman on the surveillance video arrived at the Tuscon International Airport as an expectant mother, and walked out without
Ashley Rath does not like to talk about her success. In fact, she doesn’t like talking about herself much at
© Mike Hutchings/Reuters  JOHANNESBURG—South African President Jacob Zuma clung to power Tuesday despite an order from the ruling African
© Xinhua/Then Chih Wey via Getty Images Australia's Foreign Minister Julie Bishop Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop will meet with
© Provided by Associated Newspapers Limited The British backpackers who had to be rescued from crocodile-infested floodwaters in Australia after
German journalist Richard Gutjahr has long been fighting back against the online harassment directed at him and his family. Now
Video provide by Associated Press  Beauty and the Beast star Josh Gad has opened up about how "angry" and
© Provided by UPROXX Media Group Inc. Uproxx  Robert Mueller is a notoriously thorough investigator, as, most recently, a
© NDTV  Jammu: The Indian army does not believe in communalizing martyrs, a top army officer said today in
© Submitted by Scott Winograd Jospeh Stroup, centre, who used the name Joop Cousteau, was arrested in Calgary last week
© Provided by Evening Standard Limited  Staying in a cave wouldn't often be found at the top of our
The Minister for Women says men from an Iranian delegation who who refused to shake the hand of a female
© Provided by Trinity Mirror Plc Credits: @wejusttravel/News Dog Media  A plane that appeared on a patch of land
There have been two transformational leaders in China since Mao Zedong ruled the country with an iron fist. One was
Video by the Washington Post  PARKLAND, Fla. - The legal team for Parkland school shooter Nikolas Cruz won't contest
Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto scrapped plans to visit Washington in February or March after an argumentative phone call with
By Stars Insider  |  The German consulting firm Jacdec has compiled a ranking of the top 20 safest
In Windsor, Ontario, a Canadian city just across the border from Detroit, a persistent but irregular hum has become more
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited  A New Zealander who stole thousands of dollars' worth of jewellery from the
© Ray Carlin-USA TODAY Sports  Ray Carlin-USA TODAY Sports  A.J. Griffin has signed a minor league deal with
Video provided by Harpers Bazaar  Prince Charles has jokingly compared himself to a 900-year-old cathedral.  The 69-year-old royal
International pop star Sam Smith has been forced to apologise to a writer on Three's The Project after their shared
© Provided by The Hollywood Reporter  Roseanne Barr is explaining, again, why her onscreen counterpart in the upcoming revival
© David-Louis Turpin/Facebook In the month since being rescued by California authorities from the “House of Horrors” they’d been living
© Reuters Barclays  Barclays Bank has been charged by the Serious Fraud Office (SFO) with "unlawful financial assistance" in
New Delhi: Twenty two Indians on board a ship, which went missing in the waters in West Africa last week,
© Getty Images Many workers neglect to move their 401(k)s when they change jobs. In the hurried days of a
Members of the Big Bad Wolves social club, from left, Randy Chavez, Kelvin Salguero and Victoria Montano react to the
© Pete Marovich/Getty Images Dreamers scheduled to attend President Trump's first State of the Union Address on January 30 are
Anahita Rehbein, a 23-year-old student, has been crowned Miss Germany. "I could hug the whole world," she said after coming
© Provided by Quartz  As the US embarks upon a new and tense phase of relations with Russia, the
© Press Association  A murder inquiry has been launched following the death of a man in what police believe
© REUTERS/Bassam Khabieh A man is seen in a hospital in the besieged town of Douma, Eastern Ghouta, Damascus A
A growing number of big U.S. credit-card issuers are deciding they don’t want to finance a falling knife.  JPMorgan
© Drew Angerer/Getty Images/ Kathleen White, of the Texas Public Policy Foundation, arrives at Trump Tower, Nov. 28, 2016, in
On a warm day in May, agents from the FBI and the U.S. Postal Inspection Service descended on a leafy
© Provided by The Hill  President Trump's eldest son Donald Trump Jr. said on Saturday that the release of
Canada Revenue Agency officers, backed up by police, raided locations in three provinces Wednesday as part of a criminal tax-evasion
© Carolyn Cole/Los Angeles Times via Getty Images One day after the deadly shooting at Marjorie Stonemason Douglas High School
© Video - Newshub; Image - Getty The 56-year-old widow was found three times over the limit.  A wealthy
© Provided by TVLine  A University of Otago study into the effect of fast-paced media on children's functions has
The idea of the forward arming and refueling point, or FARP, where transport aircraft quickly set up a temporary site
While Kendall Jenner has been in New York City for Fashion Week (she helped present Adidas' latest collection), she has
© Provided by Whalerock Industries  © Provided by Whalerock Industries  Choosing the right day care can be one
The second-generation of Jeep’s first crossover. Gone are the frumpy looks, questionable build quality and woeful dynamics, replaced by a
© Provided by Toronto Star Maurice Thibeault and Denise Robertson. The former couple are locked in a legal fight over
Video provided by Wochit  A model known for shaking up body image and beauty standards, Ashley Graham has returned
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has failed to appeal against the acquittal of dentist couple Rajesh and Nupur Talwar
© NDTV    The Central Bureau of Investigation has filed an appeal in the Supreme Court against a
© AAP Image The Australian actor Rebel Wilson after she won a defamation case against Bauer Media in June 2017.
© Newshub  Current affairs programme 60 Minutes has defended itself after a controversial interview with Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern.
© Provided by Hindustan Times    A Pakistani provincial minister and his wife were found dead with gunshot
© Provided by India Today Govt cuts excise duty on petrol, diesel but don't rejoice just yet   
© Shutterstock Provided by Shutterstock  In 2001 a plane carrying 293 passengers and 13 crew lost power in both
The Swiss government said on Wednesday that it will not in principle extradite a leading figure of the Catalan separatist
By Áine Cain  |  Freemasonry has attracted much speculation - and even a few conspiracy theories - since
After seven years of working in the corporate world, one New York City-based twenty-something had a nest egg big enough
© Bauer Media Milford Sound, New Zealand. Photo/Getty Images  An early hiker of the Milford Track wrote about the
Photos  |  Prince William and Catherine, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, capped off their four-day trip to
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited  Kim Dotcom's new wife Liz Dotcom, formerly Elizabeth Donnelly, has spoken out about
The ethical case to fight the deportation of former child refugee Abdoul Abdi from Canada is a straightforward one with
© Provided by FactCheck.org  A tweet from President Trump, and a White House statement, claim the indictment handed down
© Mandel Ngan/AFP/Getty Images Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump kisses a  The third Saturday of August 2016 seemed like
© Provided by Bauer Media Group (NZ) LP With all eyes on Meghan Markle as the newest member of the
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited  A man in India has been arrested for allegedly stealing his wife's kidney
© Reuters The head of Oxfam International has called the events in Haiti ‘a stain that will shame us for
© Provided by Business Insider FILE PHOTO: Opposition Movement for Democratic Change leader Morgan Tsvangirai addresses a crowd gathered outside
© Government of Canada Caroline Maynard has served as a government lawyer for 20 years. The prime minister has nominated
© Jason Fochtman /Houston Chronicle via AP  CYPRESS, Texas -- For the second year in a row, a transgender
© Provided by The Hill  Two top Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee are questioning former national security adviser
The UK’s national security adviser has cast doubt on whether the Government would send Britain’s new aircraft carriers into a
By Maayan Lubell and Dan Williams  Israel said on Tuesday it does not seek war with Iran, a day
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 3 NEXT SLIDE > Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu presents material on Iranian nuclear
© Solan Gemechu / AFP Morocco's King Mohammed VI attends the signing ceremony of bilateral agreements between Ethiopia and Morocco
Authorities are investigating alleged sexual misconduct and hazing by a sorority at Georgia's Fort Valley State University, according to the
© AAP Image/Ambulance Media Thredbo landslide survivor Stuart Diver.  The nation watched as Stuart Diver was pulled from the
© Reuters Nikol Pashinyan has said he will rid Armenia of corruption  Reuters Armenian opposition leader Nikol Pashinyan waves
© Provided by Private Media Operations Pty Ltd. AuMake Keong Chan  Connecting with Chinese consumers is an exercise in
© Provided by CBS Interactive Inc. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu delivers a speech on Iran's nuclear program at the
By David Lawder  U.S. President Donald Trump has postponed the imposition of steel and aluminum tariffs on Canada, the
A local NBC affiliate in Georgia has shared complaints from viewers concerned over a pro-gun campaign ad for GOP gubernatorial
© Provided by Business Insider donald trump Kevin Lamarque/Reuters  A Finnish climate group is attempting to raise half a
© Getty Images Cardinal George Pell leaves Melbourne magistrates court after a judge ruled that he must stand trial on
© EPA Paul Manafort complained in a court filing on Monday that ‘numerous unidentified government officials’ had prejudiced his case
© Free Malaysia Today Ex-CM Tsu Koon says DAP candidates are frogs, not them  GEORGE TOWN: All Penang Barisan
© Provided by Business Insider hama syria iran israeli maybe strike  Israel appears to be readying for a big
© Sean Kilpatrick/Canadian Press Prime Minister Justin Trudeau meets with the Aga Khan on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Tuesday,
© REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque U.S. President Trump holds joint news conference with Nigeria's President Buhari at the White House in Washington
© Provided by Independent Media South African President Cyril Ramaphosa addresses a May Day rally in Port Elizabeth. Picture: Raahil
© Provided by The New Indian Express Image for representational purpose only  KABUL: An Afghan official says an airstrike
Video by CBS News  VISALIA, Calif. - In the mid-1970s, the Police Department in the Central Valley farm town
From LA to New York, Minneapolis to Nashville, we found a talented new generation of women and men telling their
A Georgia chapter of the Alpha Kappa Alpha sorority is at the center of a scandal in which pledges allegedly
© Courtesy Kevin Garber/MidAmerica Nazarene University  President Donald Trump will welcome hero pilot Tammie Jo Shults and other crewmembers
Good afternoon.  Liam Fox has been oddly quiet over the last few days given how much the result of
Video by CBS News  Michael Zeldin, a CNN legal analyst and former assistant to Robert Mueller, said Tuesday he
The tank is one of the most important weapon systems on the battlefield. Few weapons strike enemy soldiers with the
© Provided by Al Jazeera Advocates of Israel's various barriers point to the need for the state to protect itself
© AFP / Marco Longari File: The towers of Eskom power plant in Hendrina. Eskom conceded last week that it
© REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji/Pool South Korean soldiers dismantle loudspeakers that were set up for propaganda broadcasts near the demilitarized zone separating
© AAP Kim Jong-un makes a toast with Moon Jae-in during a welcome dinner at the Peace House last week.
© Bloomberg/Bloomberg Key Speakers At The WSJDLive Global Technology Conference  (Bloomberg) -- WhatsApp founder and Chief Executive Officer Jan
© JACK GUEZ/AFP/Getty Images Israel says Iran lied about nuclear programme  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has accused Iran’s
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited A Russian fighter jet has reportedly intercepted a US surveillance plane
Defense Secretary James Mattison Tuesday sought to temper media reports that the Pentagon has taken a more optimistic outlook on
There's good news for Brits planning a summer holiday in Spain, as the popular destination is proving to offer the
US President Donald Trump earlier in the day said Israel’s findings proved he was “100% right” about the 2015 nuclear
© KIM HONG-JI/AFP/AFP/Getty Images TOPSHOT - South Korean soldiers dismantle loudspeakers that were set up for propaganda broadcasts near the
© Bloomberg/Bloomberg Oil Hedge Fund Manager Andurand Says $300 Oil 'Not Impossible'  Pierre Andurand, one of oil’s most prominent
© Provided by Trinity Mirror Plc Credits: Naoise Culhane Photography A former Ulster Unionist politician has been labelled racist after
Word last week that two potential buyers are interested in the failing Navajo Generating Station (NGS) in Arizona turned heads
© Deutsche Welle  DW: Two months ago, investigate journalist Jan Kuciak and his fiancee Martina Kusnirova were murdered. Their
If the big-city grind is burning you out, perhaps what you need is a change of scenery. Here to help
© Spartanburg County School District Six/Facebook  Students at a South Carolina high school came together to honor their late
Traditional rallies for May 1, also known as International Workers' Day, have taken place in Germany. Revelers, laborers and dissidents
Tens of thousands rallied in Armenia's capital Tuesday ahead of a crucial vote to elect a new prime minister as
© Photo by John Moore/Getty Images Central American immigrants, part of an immigrant "caravan," march in protest against U.S. President
More than 70 demonstrations are expected across Spain today to demand better conditions for workers. Most of the May Day
A gold £5 coin to mark Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's wedding has gone on sale for £1,980.  The
© Antonio Olmos  MPs have threatened to issue Mark Zuckerberg with a formal summons to appear in front of
© Provided by Independent Media Zimbabwe government has finally reached out to billionaire Strive Masiyiwa - a man who was
Five projects by filmmakers from Greece and the Balkans will be unveiled May 14 at Thessaloniki Goes to Cannes, the
President Donald Trump has condemned the disclosure of a list of questions Special Counsel Robert Mueller recently handed the U.S.
© BEHROUZ MEHRI/AFP/Getty Images Japan's Foreign Minister Taro Kono (R) poses with his Chinese counterpart Wang Yi (L) at the
A nationwide power cut hit Ethiopia overnight after a technical fault at a massive hydroelectric dam.  Power cuts are
Iran's fragile economic recovery is in jeopardy with President Donald Trump widely expected to scrap an internationally-brokered nuclear deal and
Hundreds of public schools across Arizona remained closed on Tuesday due to the fourth day of teacher walkouts.  An
© Provided by The Hill  Former GOP presidential nominee and current Senate candidate Mitt Romney praised President Trump's first
As forecasters warn of more heavy rain to come, Kenyans are blaming the government for exacerbating the situation due to
The Turkish government on Tuesday strongly condemned an attack on an Armenian church in Istanbul which saw nationalist graffiti scrawled
© Businessworld DAR to award land titles in Quezon province  PRESIDENT Rodrigo R. Duterte has signed the much-anticipated executive
© Colin Hall/CBC Brad Wall is now working as a special advisor for a Calgary-based law firm.  Former Saskatchewan
© Provided by Business Insider kim jong un KCNA/Reuters  North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un rarely leaves his country. 
© Provided by AFP Sturgeon said Scotland "is the first country in the world being bold enough and brave enough
© Provided by The Press Association Leo Varadkar, speaking with art students in Co Down (Liam McBurney/PA)  Irish Taoiseach
The BBC employed household names on “an elegant form of zero hours contract”, a tribunal has heard, as three BBC
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited A Danish citizen of Yemeni descent has been charged with publishing fake news in
© Photo Illustration: Getty Images/Shutterstock/CNN  President Donald Trump is turning two crucial foreign policy dramas -- over the Iran
HAMILTON, Ohio—Jobs at the paper mills and safe manufacturers on this stretch of the Great Miami River mostly dried up
© Provided by Independent Print Limited jamie.jpg  © Provided by Independent Print Limited  The family of murdered toddler
WASHINGTON — An Israeli airstrike on the western Syrian city of Hama Sunday killed two dozen Iranian soldiers and targeted
© Bloomberg President Trump's Lawyer Michael Cohen Attends Court Hearing  (Bloomberg) -- Michael Cohen, already under pressure from a
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited image A Chinese restaurant in Canada has been fined C$10,000 (£5,700)
© F A Archive/Shutterstock  April showers bring May flowers, as the saying goes. And with those flowers comes May
© Provided by NDTV 24x7 fake note  Kanpur: On the one hand, people could not get hold of cash
© Provided by Al Jazeera For years, South Korea has been using sound equipment to broadcast anti-Pyongyang messages [Reuters] 
Dana Boente, the FBI's general counsel who was in charge of the Russia investigation early in the Trump administration, has
Labor protesters demand pay hikes and an end to illegal labor practices, while President Duterte declares a permanent ban on
© STR/Getty Editor’s note: The opinions in this article are the author’s, as published by our content partner, and do
© Tom Williams/CQ-Roll Call,Inc. Ronny Jackson  In response to the misconduct allegations that led White House physician Ronny Jackson
© Provided by AFP EU diplomatic chief Federica Mogherini emphasised that Iran had "fully complied with its commitments," according to
© KAREN MINASYAN/AFP/Getty Images Supporters of Armenian opposition leader Nikol Pashinyan attend a rally in downtown Yerevan on May 1,
© PA In all, there were 21 cull zones in England in 2017 involving seven police force areas.  The
© Provided by AFP Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe meets with Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas in the West Bank city
© The Independent Nikolai Glushkov, a businessman convicted of fraud in Russia, was murdered in his London home on 12
© Provided by The Press Association Boris Johnson said the deal is 'based on tough verification' (Stefan Rousseau/PA)  Boris
By the description of people who have been on it, the man-made rapids course is even more intense than God-made
A coroner has criticised “repeated failures” at an abortion clinic following the death of a mother who travelled to England
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has a flair for the dramatic, but the information he presented about the Iran deal
New York, Vermont and 14 other states are joining a lawsuit filed by California Tuesday against the Trump administration over
Riad Bekhit and Kevin O'Leary.  In many ways, Riad Bekhit is what you'd expect of a young entrepreneur: He
Vice President Mike Pence's physician privately raised alarms within the White House last fall that President Donald Trump's doctor may
© Provided by The Hill President Trump's weekly approval rating has hit an 11 month high, according to data compiled
After an evening of cocktails in San Diego, a woman got into the back of an Uber for a ride
Video provided by Mamamia  Lovebirds Samual Cochrane and Tara Pavlovic shared their picturesque proposal with the world on Monday
Australia's corporate watchdog said on Tuesday it has expanded legal action against miner Rio Tinto (RIO.AX) (RIO.L) and two former
© Darryl Dyck/Canadian Press U.S. President Donald Trump recently exempted Canada and Mexico from tariffs of 25 per cent on
© Photo By Tom Williams/CQ Roll Call UNITED STATES - DECEMBER 14: Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., attends a news conference
© Photo Illustration: Getty Images/Shutterstock/CNN  South Korean President Moon Jae-In has convinced North Korean leader Kim Jong Un to
© Provided by WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post Conservative House allies of President Trump have drafted articles of
© Provided by WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post  Editor’s note: The opinions in this article are the
© Provided by Business Insider China Dominican Republic  One of Taiwan's largest diplomatic allies, the Dominican Republic, cut ties
US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo has said the top secret documents Israel claims to have obtained on Iran's nuclear
© REUTERS/Mohammad Ponir Hossain Rohingya refugees cross the Naf River with an improvised raft to reach to Bangladesh at Sabrang
© Mirror She is believed to have taken advantage of retired London banker Marcel Chu as he lay confused on
In many parts of Europe, May Day is still celebrated as the onset of spring with picnics and outdoor barbecues.
© REUTERS Meghan Markle, the fiancee of Britain's Prince Harry, attends a Service of Thanksgiving and Commemoration on ANZAC Day
© JACK GUEZ/AFP/Getty Images Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu delivers a speech on Iran's nuclear program at the defence ministry
© Bloomberg via Getty Images Anthony Scaramucci, managing partner of SkyBridge Capital, speaking during the 2011 SALT conference.  Anthony
Although the most inescapable news recently was the historic summit between North and South Korea on April 27, a less
When her brother was beheaded by Abu Sayyaf militants in the Philippines two years ago, Bonice Thomas channeled her grief
© Provided by The Independent  On a recent Emirates flight, a brother and sister who both suffer from severe
Video provided by Sky News  Today, May 2, is the birthday of Princess Charlotte Elizabeth Diana of Cambridge -
Members of the Missouri National Guard are heading southeast to help strengthen protections along the U.S. Border.  Missouri Governor
© Provided by WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post  On Monday, a city in the southern part of
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  Beijing’s success in convincing the Dominican Republic to cut its
Furious TSB customers are still facing account failures ahead of an examination of the bank's bosses by MPs on the
Video provided by Wochit  Two of Johnny Depp's former bodyguards have filed a lawsuit against the actor for unpaid
Armenian lawmakers vote to elect a new prime minister on Tuesday, with opposition leader Nikol Pashinyan vying to fill the
© Frazer Harrison/Getty Images Andy Cohen. Andy Cohen is "moving on" past a very public feud with comedian Kathy Griffin.
The Dominican Republic announced that it will establish diplomatic relations with China, dropping ties with Taiwan. The decision whittles Taiwan’s
Sajid Javid used his first House of Commons appearance since being appointed Home Secretary to put distance between himself and
© Provided by Fox News  A giant alligator nearly the length of a small family car was captured in
© Provided by Independent Print Limited A mother has told of her struggle to come to terms with the murder
After being blocked in Russia last month, Telegram now finds its encrypted messaging service banned in Iran.  The country’s
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 6 NEXT SLIDE > China's State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi shakes hands
A Kiwi fashion designer behind a prisoner rehabilitation programme is raising money to document and share the stories of the
United States Holocaust Memorial Museum Child survivors of Auschwitz, early 1945 Child survivors found in Auschwitz death camp by advancing
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited  A 104-year-old Australian academic is heading to the other side of the world
Fans of the controversial - but popular - Netflix show 13 Reasons Why have finally got something to go on.
By Aditya Kalra and Neha Dasgupta  India has told the United States it won't abstain from capping prices for
© Vano Shlamov/AFP/Getty Images Supporters of Armenian opposition leader Nikol Pashinyan react as they watch a live broadcast of the
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited  Victoria University is looking at changing its name to the University of Wellington.
© Paul Sancya/AP Images  Newly released reports from the California Department of Motor Vehicles show that self-driving cars are
A wave of hope swept through the campsite of dozens of Central American migrants by the border in Tijuana on
A Marine accused of killing his grandmother has now been charged in connection with a second North Carolina homicide. 
© LUCAS OLENIUK Highway 400 cuts through the Happy Valley Forest on the Oak Ridges Moraine north of Toronto, part
Photo Gallery by Photo Services  SIMI VALLEY, Calif. — Police in Simi Valley, California are investigating whether the recently-arrested
© Provided by AFP Defense Secretary Jim Mattis hosts an Honor Cordon for Macedonian Defence Minister Radmila Sekerinska at the
© Provided by The Verge  The team behind secure messaging app Signal says Amazon has threatened to kick the
BRADENTON, Fla. - Charges were dropped Tuesday against one of three Manatee County men accused of dragging a shark behind
© Provided by Al Jazeera The amendment allows Netanyahu and Lieberman to declare war in "extreme situations" [Baz Ratner/Reuters] 
© Provided by AFP Cayetano has welcomed a conciliatory message from Kuwait  The Philippines on Tuesday welcomed an olive
© 2017 Hindustan Times BENGALURU, INDIA - JULY 10: Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah during a press meet after the review
Banks in many states will be closed today. May 1 marks the Labour Day holiday. May 1 is also a
© Provided by Quartz Editor’s note: The opinions in this article are the author’s, as published by our content partner,
© Provided by Allure Media Pty Ltd  Unlimited data. Imagine all the things you could do with it. You
Israeli PM Netanyahu stepped up pressure on the U.S. to pull out of a 2015 nuclear deal with Iran, holding
QNA  Doha  The Amir HH Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al Thani and Togolese President Faure Essozimna Gnassingbe discussed
© Deutsche Welle  The Moroccan government has severed diplomatic ties with Iran for supporting the Polisario Front, a movement
© Provided by Business Insider Screen Shot 2018 05 01 at 1.05.16 PM CNN  Joseph Yun, the former point
© Provided by Business Insider peppa pig george pig Peppa Pig - Official Channel/YouTube  One of China's largest video-sharing
Armenia's political crisis deepened Wednesday as opposition leader Nikol Pashinyan called for protesters to block key transport links after lawmakers
London and the south-east is set for another mini-heatwave after "atrocious" weather saw a month's worth of rainfall in parts
There’s a particular moment Representative Tom Rooney can see in his mind, when his fifth and final term in the
JEDDAH: Its natural beauty, geographical position and enjoyable Mediterranean climate make Albania an attractive European destination the whole year around.
The White House blamed a “clerical error” last night for a statement claiming that Iran has nuclear weapons, which if
EPA Afghan security officials inspect the scene of a bomb blast in Bahsood district of Nangarhar province, Afghanistan, on 30
CRS riot police officials stand next to a damaged McDonald's resteraunt during a demonstration on the sidelines of a march
Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel’s prime minister, said Tuesday that he was not seeking a military confrontation with Iran even as he
The last male of the subspecies died at a reserve in March 2018.  Thomas Hildebrandt first saw the inside
AMMAN — Jordan, along with most countries around the world, on Tuesday observes Labour Day, where millions of labourers stop
According to Radio Dabanga report on Monday, the Alliance for Change, which comprises independent members of the Sudanese parliament, condemned
Dozens of hostages held by militants in northern Syria reached army lines on Tuesday, launching a deal for insurgents to
WASHINGTON—Special counsel Robert Mueller earlier this year outlined for President Donald Trump’s legal team more than 40 questions he planned
© independent.ie Meghan brother Meghan Markle's half-brother Thomas Markle Jr said he wasn't aware they had a "falling out" until
A fortnight out from delivering his first Budget, Finance Minister Grant Robertson has made a concrete promise to keep the
© Pool/Getty Images President Trump Announces Military Action Against Syria During Address To The Nation  We’ve become so accustomed
On the heels of a $5 billion contract last year to develop a new ballistic missile submarine for the U.S.
Mozambique is to circumcise 100,000 men over the coming months in one of the largest mass drives of a regional
South Korea, China and Japan will hold a trilateral summit in Tokyo next week, in the latest round of fast
© DW/A. Freund Gu Sub Shim Gu Sub Shim, 83, together with his friends and some reporters, attentively followed the
Heretic Outreach, the sales arm of Greek boutique production company Heretic Films, and the Bureau Sales, the overseas licensing arm
Stephen Colbert had some things to say about the latest developments in the Russia investigation during his monologue on Monday
© AP Photo/Massoud Hossaini  Monday was the deadliest day for journalists anywhere in the world since the attack at
A couple of months ago, Donald Trump delivered remarks at a closed-door fundraiser in Missouri, where he whined about, among
© Shutterstock  A puzzling incident that sent seven people to a hospital and prompted a hazardous material team to
© Provided by AFP US President Donald Trump will address the National Rifle Association, the gun lobby announced  US
© Anusak Laowilas/NurPhoto via Getty Images Migrant workers Rights Network gather at the Democracy Monument before marching to the Government
© Provided by Albawaba.com Elections in the Democratic Party of the United States are, it seems, not too dissimilar to
© Lynne Sladky/Associated Press Pat Gibson holds a drawing of Meadow Pollack, a victim of the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High
Qatar Chamber vice-chairman Mohamed bin Towar al-Kuwari (left) and director general Saleh bin Hamad al-Sharqi exchange tokens with Musiad board
Elbativeni Foundation has announced a free six months ICT training programe for select 20 ladies empowerment program, Elbativeni Impressions and
© Provided by Trinity Mirror Plc Credits: Solent News  Police investigating the disappearance of a British toddler in Germany
Small boats were capsized after the landslide at ‘Shipwreck Beach’ on the Greek island of Zakynthos.  New Home Secretary
© Provided by Private Media Operations Pty Ltd.  It’s been exactly one year since The New York Times set
The Dominican Republic established diplomatic relations with China and cut off ties with Taiwan, the Caribbean country's government said late
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  Taiwan will decide by the end of this year whether
© PA A double-decker bus highlighting the symptoms of ovarian cancer. It hit the road following the campaigning of Lothian
PETALING JAYA: Barisan Nasional is committed to putting the needs of working Malaysians first, from improving their quality of life
The US-led coalition battling "Islamic State" in Iraq has closed its land forces command headquarters. The move signals the end
The Prime Minister says she's having trouble fully trusting fuel companies after a leaked email showing BP bumped up petrol
© Photo: RNZ / Dan Cook The scene of a fatal shooting on Greenwood Road in Mangere.  Two men
The metro editor of The New York Times, Wendell Jamieson, resigned on Monday following an internal investigation at the newspaper.
Video provided by Newsy  White House chief of staff John Kelly has called President Trump an "idiot" who does
Jurors in the upcoming trial of former New England mob boss Francis P. “Cadillac Frank” Salemme will view the Sharon,
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said on Tuesday that the Trump administration was prepared to levy tariffs on China if
© Provided by Hearst Television, Inc. Tim Piazza  Pennsylvania State Attorney General Josh Shapiro will provide an update today
​  © Getty  Players fight for possession of the ball in the Bengaluru FC vs New Radiant SC
France plans to scrap a 30 percent tax on entrepreneurs who seek to take their money out of the country
© Provided by AFP Under a draft bill unveiled by Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's government, Canadian advertisers would not be
© Provided by The Telegraph Britain’s asthma death rate is now among the worst in Europe with a 20 per
© Amir Cohen / Reuters  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu gave a speech Monday he billed as showing “something
A long-shot bid to give voters in deeply conservative, strongly Republican Idaho the chance to decide whether the state should
Mike Sommers, a former aide to Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio), could soon be jumping from the financial services world to
MTV News crews recently spent time in Jackson to profile a group of students who are fighting to change Mississippi’s
Gulf Bank K.S.C.P. announced its financial results for the first quarter of 2018. The Bank recorded a net profit of
© Amir Cohen/Reuters Israel's prime minister gave a PowerPoint presentation at the country's defence headquarters in Tel Aviv on Monday
The chair of the parliamentary investigation into Facebook and fake news has warned that he will issue a formal summons
© Matthew Kupfer/CBC David Vivian Currie's grandchildren Brenda Currie, Sandy Currie and David Currie stand with his Victoria Cross at
© Provided by Allure Media Pty Ltd  Elevator Pitch is a regular feature on Lifehacker where we profile startups
© Provided by Daily Maverick 2018-04-30-lucky-montana-property-funded-with-cash-linked-to-prasa-contractor  Cash for a R13.5m property owned by former Passenger Rail Agency of South
© Provided by Business Insider Inc  Emeritus Professor David Goodall is 104 years old and wants to die. 
© Court exhibit A video of Alexandre Bissonnette's interrogation was played in court during sentencing hearings on Friday.  The
21 Stunning Castle Hotels in Europe  By Erin Shields  |  These castles and palaces are sure to
© PA John McDonnell urged the government to support the backbench amendment to the sanctions and anti-money laundering bill. 
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 3 NEXT SLIDE > image: Hong Shing Chinese RestaurantHong Shing was ordered to pay
© BACKGRID BGUS_1219398_018_Blac-Chyna-YBN-Almighty-Jay-zoom Blac Chyna is reportedly pregnant and expecting her first child with her 18-year-old boyfriend, YBN Almighty Jay.
© AP Photo US President Donald Trump. President Trump wants to step up efforts to protect Republican control of the
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  New Delhi: In 2013, the Karnataka government handed over cases of
© Favor_of_God/Getty Images This image is for illustration purposes only. A Texas couple has been accused of holding a Guinean
Sajid Javid, 48, is the first Home Secretary from an ethnic minority.    He was elected MP for
In a bid to substantially enhance India’s so-called stand-off weapon capabilities, the Trump administration in the United States has agreed
Video provided by Wochit News  P**n star Stormy Daniels on Monday filed another lawsuit against President Trump, accusing him
© Hans-Maximo Musielik/AP Migrants wait for access to request asylum in the US, at the El Chaparral port of Entry
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited A convicted murderer is on the run from police in Canterbury.   
At least 19 agencies in Massachusetts appear to have flouted state law by failing to publish millions of dollars in
© Reuters Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi.  Cyprus hands Egypt ancient artefacts stolen in 1980s  CAIRO - Cyprus
By Maggie Fick  Safaricom, Kenya's biggest telecoms company, is piloting a social messaging app that will link to its
© BBC Map locator  BBC Map locator 1  At least 15 people, including a priest, have been killed
Blood Window, Argentina’s rapidly growing Latin American genre film market, part of Buenos Aires’ Ventana Sur meet-mart, will hold a
© Provided by CQ Roll Call, Inc. Rep. Jim Jordan, R-Ohio, founder of the conservative Freedom Caucus, is considering a
© Provided by The New Indian Express Drawing the lessons of her failure in the presidential election, Marine Le Pen
Armenia's ruling party on Tuesday blocked a bid by opposition leader Nikol Pashinyan to become prime minister, setting up a
© Spencer Platt/Getty Images North America/Getty Images  Don Blankenship, a Republican candidate for US Senate in West Virginia, is
Residents of a neighborhood in India where the government ignored road repairs and instead fixed routes through which Ivanka Trump
© Provided by Hearst Television, Inc. Nicole Jackson and Oscar O'Neal  Police in Hattiesburg, Mississippi, are looking for a
© Getty Images Britain’s 14 overseas territories, including the Cayman Islands, will have to introduce registers by the end of
© Provided by AFP Members of Guatemala's Supreme Electoral Court start counting votes at a polling station in Guatemala City
© Provided by Fool  Enbridge Inc. (TSX:ENB)(NYSE:ENB) continues to fall in price, and the more it drops, the better
© Deutsche Welle  The Dominican government announced Monday that it had cut off ties with Taiwan and established formal
Makes cents: An inquiry into New Zealand's banking sector is a "great idea" according to one of the country's top
Public companies for the first time this year must disclose how much more they pay their chief executive than their
A former senior Ulster Unionist has been accused of racism after describing the Irish Prime Minister as a "typical Indian".
By Delphine Schrank  © REUTERS/Edgard Garrido Members of a caravan of migrants from Central America react near the San
© Provided by eNCA The evolution of steel production is a key indicator of activity in the industrial sector. 
© John Robertson/CBC 'It really touched my heart,' says Joe Lawless of the letter from his granddaughter.  Joe Lawless
Two Arabs on trial in Saudi Arabia accused of spying for Israel  © Provided by Step Platform DMCC 
© (clockwise from top left) Shutterstock, courtesy of Noodles and Company, Getty Images, Bruegger's Ba...  If you’re heading to
The Pentagon on Tuesday identified a soldier who was killed the previous day during a combat operation in eastern Afghanistan.
© Provided by AFP The crisis-wracked US territory of Puerto Rico saw protesters clash with riot police  Traditional May
Russia has begun towing the first of its new floating nuclear power plants, the Akademik Lomonosov, to Murmansk, where it
© Provided by Free Daily News Group Inc Blue-green algae is seen in this 2012 photo contaminating Hamilton Bay in
© Don Bartletti—LA Times via Getty Images A resident outside Brownsville, Texas mows the grass along the high steel border
"Zama," the story of a man waiting to return, has become the vehicle for the long-awaited return of Argentine filmmaker
© Network Ten  On Monday night, the first season of Bachelor in Paradisecame to a close, and we even
Canada on Monday unveiled measures to prevent foreign interference in elections of the type allegedly seen in the United States,
By Paul Carsten and Ahmed Kingimi  From the shores of Lake Chad, Islamic State's West African ally is on
© Provided by Business Insider Moon and Kim step into North Korea Twitter/ Blue House  South Korean President Moon
Donald Trump has given the UK a temporary reprieve on a punitive 25 per cent tariff added to exports of
© AccuWeather Severe weather forecast later in the week.  Following multiple days of severe weather over the central United
© Provided by The Telegraph  Farmers could be the biggest losers in a post-Brexit trade deal with America, MPs
International crime drama “McMafia” will return to British screens after the BBC ordered a second season of the show. 
© RNZ / Diego Opatowski 24/01/13. Photo Diego Opatowski / RNZ. New Zealand First leader Winston Peters at Ratana celebrations.
© Seven Network Groups have made several protests outside the Sunrise studios and at outside broadcasts.  © Ashley Mar
She spent decades helping the Philippines' poorest people, but Australian nun Patricia Fox is fighting deportation after drawing Duterte's ire
A Windrush victim, who was detained in the scandal, has said he feels sorry for Amber Rudd because he knows
At Sushi Ginza Onodera, which was recently awarded its second Michelin star, sushi master Masaki Saito presides over pounds of
The number of people who get diseases transmitted by mosquito, tick, and flea bites has more than tripled in the
© Provided by The Hill  Most Americans believe President Trump runs his administration in an unconventional way, however less
© Provided by Business Insider donald trump Pool/Getty Images  President Donald Trump announced extensions to steel and aluminum tariff
© Tom Williams, 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. GettyImages-951498344  An EPA whistleblower who claims he was forced out of the
© Provided by AFP A supporter of Iraq's Communist Party holds the communist hammer and sickle and the flag of
© Provided by Independent Media The Nigerian national flag. File Photo  OPINION: Ahmed Buhari, the initiator of Ahmed Buhari
Singapore's Changi airport is testing facial recognition in order to improve efficiency across the airport.  Ranked as the world's
UK lawmakers are well and truly fed up with Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, and have ordered him to appear for
Kansas lawmakers passed a bill on Tuesday that would allow residents to order alcohol at restaurants and bars beginning at
The Dominican Republic has established diplomatic relations with China and cut its ties with Taiwan.  Taiwan has said that
The Los Angeles Board of Education went behind closed doors Tuesday afternoon to select the next superintendent of the nation’s
© REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque U.S. President Trump holds joint news conference with Nigeria's President Buhari at the White House in Washington
© Jabin Botsford—The Washington Post/Getty Images President Donald Trump spoke with 'Fox and Friends' on Thursday in an interview that
© Provided by AFP Demonstrators clash with riot police during a May Day protest demanding the resignation of President Juan
Nicole Martinez was 34 weeks pregnant when an ultrasound revealed in March that her unborn son, Jackson, had not developed
HARRISBURG, Pa. – The Pennsylvania Attorney General announced Tuesday his office will pursue involuntary manslaughter charges against five Penn State
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 5 NEXT SLIDE > A passenger has his photograph taken by an automated luggage
© Provided by Independent Media Another suspected "hitman" wanted in connection with a string of murders related to the Glebelands
The Dominican Republic on Tuesday cut long-standing diplomatic ties with Taiwan and switched to China, handing another victory to Beijing
© Submitted by Stacey Saunders Stacey Saunders is a family doctor on the Burin Peninsula.  A doctor on the
© Provided by Business Insider Inc  Good morning.  1. F8, Facebook’s annual developer conference, kicked off Tuesday morning
© Provided by The Hill  Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) said Tuesday that she is open to extending federal protections
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited  Former Team New Zealand skipper Dean Barker will get another crack at the
Starbucks Corp. is under fire for a number of things, chief among them is a case in California Supreme Court,
EPA Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on stage presenting documents allegedly stolen from Iran's nuclear archives Stark revelations, or political
© Ben Cao Rev. John Sanqiang Cao (center) poses in a picture with his family. The pastor is currently imprisoned
© Provided by Business Insider Mossad Netanyahu files REUTERS/ Amir Cohen  Israel's spy agency Mossad stole a trove of
A groupof conservative House lawmakers have begun drafting a resolution that calls for the impeachment of Deputy Attorney General Rod
© Provided by Malay Mail PAS candidates N.41 Puteri Wangsa Abdullah Husin speaks to reporters at the press conference in
A nightclub barman was arrested after allegedly giving three children orange juice - mixed with liquid ECSTASY.  Von Votha,
The longest possible straight line boat journey in the world will surprisingly connect southern Pakistan with eastern Russia - in
By Idrees Ali  The number of Afghan security forces decreased by nearly 11 percent in the past year, the
“The East Area Rapist is a cunning and manipulative person,” criminal defense attorney Bill Portanova said.  Portanova said he
Donald Trump would be a worthy winner of the Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts to end North Korea’s nuclear
Bundles of joy born at 19 Chicago-area hospitals on Thursday will get bundles of cash.  Fifth Third Bank will
© PA Daniel McArthur and his wife, Amy, arrive at the Royal Courts of Justice in Belfast where the supreme
Japan will host a summit with President Moon Jae-in of South Korea and Chinese Premier Li Keqiang in Tokyo on
The 19-year-old L-plate driver who was killed in a horror car crash as she was learning to drive with her
Irish users of Netflix have been warned of a "convincing" scam designed to fool users into handing over their bank
The 2018 Alaska cruise season has launched for Princess Cruises with unique itineraries, cruise tour options, and new guest experiences.
Israel's discovery of Iran's secret nuclear archive is extraordinary. Even more amazing is that Israel says it managed to smuggle
By Brendan O'Brien  The father of a student killed during the Parkland, Florida high school mass shooting filed on
© Motivate Publishing fazMAIN  Here’s what the Crown Prince of Dubai did next.  His New York adventures had
A mother in Saudi Arabia achieved her dream of completing her education and graduated from college. What is more amusing
Click to expand Replay Video UP NEXT Watch: Trump openly mocks Brett Kavanaugh's accuser President Trump's defense of Supreme Court
With prom season in full swing, many teens attending schools with harsh dress codes are taking to social media to
It’s a wonderful thing to be proven wrong after declaring a little-known character actor to have had a once-in-a-career moment
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited It has inspired long running myths – notably that it hides
© Xinhua News Agency WASHINGTON, June 29, 2017 -- South Korean President Moon Jae-in speaks at the U.S. Chamber of
By Gina Cherelus  About 3,800 artifacts, including Sumerian cuneiform tablets dating to 2100 B.C., that were illegally smuggled to
A British tourist who was touring the Americas by motorbike has died after a horrific road smash in Brazil. 
Donald Trump's top lawyer in charge of dealing with the Russia probe, Ty Cobb, said he would be retiring after
© ASSOCIATED PRESS United States President Donald Trump speaks with U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley before a
© Provided by Business Insider Inc    Recent media articles and comments by Australian politicians are starting to
HARTFORD — Republican gubernatorial candidate Peter Lumaj held a press conference Wednesday to complain that a profile of him by
© Provided by Business Insider india t-90 tank Reuters  Russia exported approximately $15 billion worth of weapons to 53
© Stringer . / Reuters New York Governor Andrew Cuomo speaks during his inaugural address in Buffalo, New York January
© Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Apple CEO Tim Cook next to President Trump and Jared Kushner at a White House meeting
© Provided by BusinessWorld Trade dep’t seeking to tap ex-Soviet nations’ GSP  THE Philippines is hoping to boost trade
Nicola Sturgeon’s government has repeatedly assured parents that her flagship baby boxes are safe for their offspring to sleep in
© Provided by AFP European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker called the proposals "reasonable and responsible".  The EU's plans for
© EPA A boy cooling off in a heatwave in Pakistan in 2015, when 1,200 people died in the southern
© Photo illustration/Sacramento Bee/TNS The Zodiac Killer was never caught. He is known to have attacked seven victims, killing five,
© FMT MEDIA SDN BHD  KUALA KANGSAR: Vendors at a night market here complain that business isn’t as good
Video by CBS Dallas  Fifty-seven people linked with six Texas white supremacist groups face charges in an alleged drug
© Provided by AFP Prime Minister Emmanuel Issoze Ngondet "submitted the resignation letter of his government following the decision of
SEOUL, May 2 (Yonhap) -- Business leaders and government officials from South Korea and Turkey gathered in Seoul on Wednesday
LIBREVILLE, Gabon - Gabon's constitutional court has dissolved the national assembly in the face of delayed legislative elections.  The
Millions of people in major world cities are at risk of a potential yellow fever outbreak despite living hundreds –
Dr. Derek Heldzinger’s track record looks clear, according to public records from Alberta’s medical regulator. The trouble is, it’s not.
Oklahoma-based retailer Hobby Lobby will return thousands of ill-gotten artifacts to Iraq, where they were smuggled out of, according to
French anti-capitalist protesters clashed with police in Paris on Tuesday on the sidelines of a march for the annual May
© Provided by AFP Villagers in Khairabad took the law into their hands after being gripped by panic over daily
© Photograph: Stefan Rousseau/PA Jacob Rees-Mogg would not commit to backing the plan should it be put to parliament as
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 4 NEXT SLIDE > Melanie Barbeau holds a photograph of victims Cheri Domingo and
© Associated Newspapers (Ireland) Limited, t/a dmg Media Ireland  An Irish woman who died after travelling to the UK
© REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji U.S. army soldiers take part in U.S.-South Korea joint river-crossing exercise near demilitarized zone separating two Koreas
© Provided by The Hill The head of a prominent conservative judicial group helped organize some of Environmental Protection Agency
Anthony Lo and Shahryar Nayyer  Business graduates from Carnegie Mellon University in Qatar (CMU-Q) are positively impacting the economic
© FMT MEDIA SDN BHD  KUALA LUMPUR: PKR president Dr Wan Azizah Wan Ismail is contesting the Pandan parliamentary
© HO MLA Elizabeth Smith-McCrossin apologized to the Jamaican Cultural Association of Nova Scotia for her comments in the legislature
By Jackson Njehia  © REUTERS/Tiksa Negeri Ethiopia's incoming Prime Minister Abiye Ahmed delivers his acceptance speech after taking his
© Daniel LEAL-OLIVAS / AFP / POOL The Prime Minister asked the UK Space Agency to lead a taskforce of
Ukraine’s government stopped cooperating with special counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation after it secured deadly weapons from the Trump administration, according
India and Singapore today discussed ways to boost defence and security cooperation, particularly in the maritime domain.  © india.com
The president of George Mason University has ordered an inquiry into whether big-money donors are being given undue influence over
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited  Clarke Gayford has opened up about his first date with Prime Minister Jacinda
© Ian Waldie/Bloomberg Promotional material from Australia's so-called 'Big Four' banks, The Commonwealth Bank, National Australia Bank, ANZ and Westpac.
British Airways pilot Dave Wallsworth has come up with his own way of sharing his day job with others. 
© Provided by The Hill  Vice President Pence praised former Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio, who was convicted of
Video provided by Sky News  If you're as royal baby-obsessed as we are, you'll be wanting answers to all
By Steve Holland and Arshad Mohammed  U.S. President Donald Trump has all but decided to withdraw from the 2015
© Gary Locke/CBC Abdifatah Mohamed (left), Mitchell Nippard, Gary Hennessey and Tyler Donahue originally faced 53 charges in relation to
By Tom Perry and Ali Hashisho  The last time Lebanon held a parliamentary election, Youssef Sanjar enjoyed a paid
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and South Korean President Moon Jae-in stepped aside during their historic meeting in April
© Provided by Al Jazeera A car is on fire during clashes in the French capital [Christian Hartmann/Reuters]  Police
© AFP/Getty Images A Labour spokesman said: ‘We need answers, not further cover-ups to save Theresa May from facing up
By Geert De Clercq  Reden Solar, a niche solar energy player backed by private equity funds, is looking to
© PA The statue of Lady Justice atop the central criminal court in London.  About 6,500 courthouse and backroom
By Maggie Fick  Somalia should accelerate reforms of its army, its main foreign backers said on Wednesday after discussing
© Deutsche Welle  In the German capital over the past few weeks, Africa largely played a role in the
© Samir Hussein/WireImage/Getty Images The royal family's London homestead just got cozier Kensington Palace is becoming quite the destination for
© Provided by Business Insider Inc Pepper the cat was roaming around JFK Airport for over a week.  
Video by Inside Edition  Oak Park, Ill., native Michelle McNamara researched the Golden State Killer for years.  She
Video by CBS News  They came knocking because of loose talk about the president’s hair.  On Feb. 3,
In recent days, Kanye West has been making headlines for many reasons, including his repeated praise of President Donald Trump.
(Bloomberg) -- Elon Musk started Tesla Inc. with a goal of accelerating the switch to electric cars by about a
By Michael Nienaber and Madeline Chambers  European Union member states must give the EU trade commissioner a clear mandate
© AP Photo/Angie Wang, File In this July 6, 2017, file photo, former Sheriff Joe Arpaio leaves the federal courthouse
Video by FOX News  West Virginia Republican Senate candidate Don Blankenship on Tuesday said he saw nothing wrong with
© Provided by NBCU News Group, a division of NBCUniversal Media LLC Image: Woman in airport with suitcaseExperts say to
© Yuri Gripas / REUTERS Senator Al Franken (D-MN) questions Alex Azar  In his first major public speech since
© REUTERS/Leah Millis Trump participates in Pompeo swearing-in ceremony in Washington  By Lesley Wroughton  © REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst Pompeo
A young man sat in my office in Tucson, Arizona a few weeks ago to discuss his hysterectomy. He was
© AFP An aerial view of the solar mirrors at the Noor 1 Concentrated Solar Power (CSP) plant, some 20km
© SOPHIE MOORE/AAP/EPA Australian scientist Professor David Goodall (L) farewells his grandson at Perth Airport, Western Australia on 02 May.
JEDDAH: Saudi Arabia’s humanitarian efforts in Yemen have been highlighted at a forum at King Saud University (KSU).  The
© ENWIN Utilities This is a rendering of what the Rotary Club of Windsor's Centennial Park will look like when
© Photograph by Justin Sullivan—Getty Images The exterior of a Hobby Lobby store.  Hobby Lobby, the Oklahoma-based retailer, reportedly
The Secretary General of the South Asian Association for Regional Corporation (SSARC), Amjad Hussain B Sial has expressed hopes that
In case you hadn’t already heard, the world’s coral reefs aren’t doing very well as of late. Climate change is
Taiwan has a case of sour grapes, Chinese state media said on Wednesday, after the self-ruled island accused China of
© Provided by AFP A Libyan policeman inspects damage at the Libyan electoral commission headquarters in Tripoli after it was
Pennsylvania's Republican-controlled House of Representatives is advancing legislation to stop the state from getting waivers that allow food stamp recipients
© Dahlquist Ron via Getty Images Studies show that some chemicals in common sunscreen brands are extremely harmful to coral.
© Provided by NBCU News Group, a division of NBCUniversal Media LLC Image: Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) appears on Meet
By Ahmed Elumami  Suicide bombers stormed the head offices of Libya's electoral commission in Tripoli on Wednesday, killing at
Sunny and settled conditions in Australia’s south will soon take a turn for the wet and windy, the Bureau of
© Reuters An exercise rider works out Kentucky Derby hopeful Justify at Churchill Downs in Louisville, Kentucky, US, May 1,
Addis Ababa May 02/2018 Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed arrived today in Khartoum, the capital of Sudan, for a two-day official
With less than two weeks to go before the primary election on May 15, one Democratic candidate for Nebraska governor
David Goodall recently celebrated his 104th birthday on April 4th. As he blew out the candles on his cake, the
© Provided by The New Indian Express Image for representational purpose only. (AP)  GENEVA: An Italian woman in a
Car manufacturer Volkswagen will pay $40 million to the state of Arizona as part of a settlement over vehicle emissions
© Reuters Donald Trump should receive the Nobel peace prize, House Republicans say.  Eighteen House Republicans have nominated Donald
© Provided by AFP At stake are tariffs on billions of dollars of US and Chinese goods, which, if imposed,
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates — The International Monetary Fund said Wednesday that nearly a quarter of the Middle East’s youth
© Provided by AFP A 2014 photo of a cell at Guantanamo Bay  A Guantanamo Bay inmate who pleaded
© Provided by The Hill  The Arkansas Supreme Court ruled Wednesday that the state could enforce its voter ID
© Photo: U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement  Last year, it was revealed that thousands of ancient artifacts had been
© LUCA ZENNARO/AFP/AFP/Getty Images Pope Francis is pictured during a meeting with bishops at the sacristy of the Metropolitan Cathedral,
© Provided by Caters News Agency Ltd    At Territorio de Zaguates, in Costa Rica, once-stray dogs now
© Provided by Khaleej Times UAE stands by Morocco to stave off security threats  The United Arab Emirates has
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  Infrastructure and professional services have long been hailed by Hong
© WSVN  Police have arrested Zachary Cruz, the younger brother of Parkland, Florida, school shooter Nikolas Cruz, for allegedly
Premium international TV drama is having its own golden age, and now factual TV giant Discovery wants a piece of
Malaysian authorities are investigating opposition leader Mahathir Mohamad under an anti-fake news law over claims that his plane was sabotaged
© Provided by AFP Don Blankenship, whose US Senate bid in West Virginia is alarming fellow Republicans, is a former
© REUTERS/Daniel Becerril Leftist front-runner Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador of MORENA speaks during a meeting with students of the ITESM
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday that the nuclear deal with Iran should not be cancelled but its negotiating
Romanian President Klaus Iohannis said on Wednesday he would challenge an overhaul of the judiciary backed by the ruling Social
© Provided by The Hill  President Trump on Wednesday lashed out at the ongoing special counsel investigation into possible
By Isla Binnie  Basque separatist group ETA has completely dismantled all its structures, ending a 50-year guerrilla campaign, it
© Provided by AFP The IMF board concluded that Venezuela had failed to implement measures ordered by the IMF, or
© Provided by Fool  Canadian investors are searching for top dividend stocks to put inside their TFSA portfolios, and
© Provided by Trinity Mirror Shared Services Limited  Qatar Airways has confirmed it is looking to establish a five
By Stephen Farrell  © REUTERS/Amir Cohen/File Photo FILE PHOTO: Israeli Prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu speaks during a news conference
A Kenyan clinic that provides sexual and reproductive health services has lost more than $2 million in U.S. funding after
Scientists have discovered microbes living in one of the harshest environments on Earth, according to a new study published in
The Dominican Republic said on Monday it was cutting ties with Taiwan and establishing diplomatic relations with China.  That
Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Limited (SGX: O39) is one of the three major banks based out of Singapore. In this article,
© Provided by The New Indian Express CIA Director Mike Pompeo (Photo | AP)  WASHINGTON D.C: New US Secretary
RECENT reports about a “birthday tradition” at a Selangor secondary school baffle the mind, and deserves to be filed under
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  MUMBAI: Nearly seven years after the murder of veteran journalist Jyotirmoy
A few weeks ago, the community manager in charge of the Spanish Civil Guard’s Twitter feed decided to post a
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  (Video by NDTV)  The same collegium under CJI Misra had
A white supremacist was found guilty of beating a black man during last year's violent "Unite the Right" rally in
© Provided by Business Insider Australia  Superman can sleep soundly tonight. The FBI, which is apparently aware of his
© Provided by Hearst Television, Inc. Two good Samaritans helped an elderly military veteran from North Carolina pay respects to
Pakistan's Shiite Hazara community has called off its protest over targeted killings after a meeting with the army chief. But
© Provided by Evening Standard Limited It's just three weeks until the wedding of the year and it is reported
© The Edge Communications Sdn Mhd  KUALA LUMPUR (May 2): Harrisons Holdings (Malaysia) Bhd plans to venture into the
© Credit: CBSNews cbsn-fusion-who-can-fire-robert-mueller-donald-trump-rod-rosenstein-russia-investigation-special-counsel-thumbnail-1543269-640x360.jpg  Can President Trump fire special counsel Robert Mueller?  Well, it's complicated.  Last month,
© Provided by Albawaba.com Walid Gomaa, General Manager Data Center Solutions Huawei Middle East.  Huawei, a leading global ICT
By Maher Chmaytelli  Former Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki fulfilled his life-long goal of wresting power from the country's
© Paul Morigi / GETTY IMAGES NORTH AMERICA / AFP The rout in BYD Co. shares is nearing $9 billion
© Provided by Albawaba.com Maryam Fahad Al-Majid utilizes the ‘Furoshiki’ method for her gift wrapping business.  Virginia Commonwealth University
© The Edge Communications Sdn Mhd  KUALA LUMPUR (May 2): OCBC Bank (Malaysia) Bhd reported its highest ever annual
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited A Brooklyn federal court in the United States heard details on Tuesday (US local
© MediaWorks That time Ryan Reynolds FaceTimed Jono and Ben Kiwi comedy duo Jono and Ben have gone to punishing
A former lobbyist who spent decades as an international political consultant was a central part of organizing Environmental Protection Agency
© Getty Images/iStockphoto The Cayman Islands operates a secretive financial system and has not been obliged to publicly state the
© Provided by Associated Newspapers Limited The Prince of Wales (pictured in 2017) has reportedly flown in from Scotland in
District of Columbia politicians want Congress to stop trying to take control of local laws.  D.C. Del. Eleanor Holmes
© Paul Stephen /San Antonio Express-News Nico Martini, author of "Texas Cocktails: An Elegant Collection of More Than 100 Recipes
55,000 pages, 183 CDs, all taken out in one night — and some had to be left behind because they
© Susan Ormiston/CBC News An oil rig off the coast of Norway. Despite being one of the world's top oil
An American veterinarian was extradited from Spain to the United States three years after his arrest for allegedly sewing liquid
© Euronews SA  Nine out of 10 people around the world are breathing air containing high levels of pollutants,
Palestinian officials said the deal would allow Palestinians to regain more control over their affairs and infrastructure.  Israel’s public
© Laura Meader/CBC The Filipino workers support one another. Marian Eliot is helping others complete their applications to become permanent
© WP Company LLC/The Washington Post Jawbone reveals how much radiation Hiroshima victims absorbed.  At 8:15 a.m. on Aug.
© REUTERS China's state councillor Wang Yi attends a dinner in Pyongyang  China is willing to continue playing a
Scotland Yard is to continue the hunt for Madeleine McCann, the Telegraph can reveal ahead of the 11th anniversary of
© Provided by Hearst Communications, Inc Norwalk police close the intersection of Washington and North Main Streets as they investigate
© Provided by WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post  This article has been updated.  Twice in the
© Bauer Media Group (NZ) LP Michael Batista and his kidney donor, mother of four Pagan Moon. Photo/Victoria Birkinshaw. 
Having just returned from a semester abroad in Mexico City, I'd say one of the things I miss most in
By Rachel Premack  |  Zakkery Shoup would welcome the bevy of new tech like mobile ordering apps and
Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced Wednesday that the Department of Justice will be sending more prosecutors to the southern border,
© Provided by Hearst Communications, Inc We know that the royals are all about tradition-which is why many thought Prince
Social services are urging the government to be realistic as it seeks to tackle child poverty.  The Child Poverty
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen’s recent appointments to the island’s premiership
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  A mother dog that survived being sealed inside a cement
The Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA.AX) has been forced to reveal it lost the records of almost 20 million accounts
Video provided by ABC News  French President Emmanuel Macron said on Wednesday he did not know whether U.S. President
May 1 is celebrated in many parts of the world as International Workers’ Day. This “Labour Day”, I find myself
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited An Auckland school has defended giving its students a pamphlet with instructions on how
Video provided by Mirror  Queen Elizabeth has been spotted flying out from Windsor to Kensington Palace to meet her
© Korea Summit Press Pool—Reuters South Korean President Moon Jae-in and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un shake hands at
HARTFORD — Like lawmakers in a number of other states, the Connecticut House of Representatives voted late Tuesday to approve
© Getty Images Apple chief executive Tim Cook and iPhone X buyer David Casarez in Palo Alto last November 
© Kevin Tuong The Board members of the Sixties Scoop Indigenous Society of Alberta (SSISA), from left to right: Sharon
KUALA LUMPUR: AmInvestment Research upgraded its recommendation on Padini Holdings Bhd to hold from sell following its meeting with management.
© FMT MEDIA SDN BHD  © Free Malaysia Today The actor in politicians  © FMT MEDIA SDN BHD
© REUTERS/Stephen Lam/File Photo FILE PHOTO: File photo of Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg during a town hall at Facebook's headquarters
The Department of the Interior is facing the largest reorganization in its 168-year history. Hundreds of millions of acres will
© eNCA/Bafana Nzimande Economic Freedom Fighters leader Julius Malema during a press briefing at the party's office in Braamfontein on
In the aftermath of the van attack on Yonge St. that killed 10 people and injured 16 others, the calm
© Photographer: Ali Mohammadi/Bloomberg/Bloomberg Iran  (Bloomberg) -- Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said pulling out of the Iran
EXCLUSIVE: Jonathan Majors (Hostiles) is set as the lead opposite Jurnee Smollett-Bell in HBO’s high-profile straight-to-series drama Lovecraft Country, from
© Free Malaysia Today Beware fake messages on election workers, says EC S  EREMBAN: An Election Commission (EC) staff
American Friends of the Louvre Hosts Its Annual Spring Gala Celebrating the Louvre Abu Dhabi  On Tuesday night, the
By Ben Blanchard  Chinese President Xi Jinping's top economic adviser, Vice Premier Liu He, will meet a top-level U.S.
New Delhi: The personal and professional details of about 2.7 crore members registered with the retirement fund body Employees Provident
New Delhi: In the 50-odd days that he has served as Tripura chief minister, Biplab Kumar Deb hasn't lost an
© Provided by Independent Media Trade and Industry Minister Rob Davies delivered a keynote address at the first India-South Africa
© Photographer: Zach Gibson/Bloomberg/Bloomberg Paul Ryan  (Bloomberg) -- House Speaker Paul Ryan warned that Democratic gains in November’s congressional
© Ashley Burke/CBC News Gabrielle Morrill, Iqaluit's economic development officer, says all Airbnb hosts need to apply for a business
© Scott Heins—Bloomberg via Getty Images The Arizona strike follows teacher walk-outs in Oklahoma and West Virginia.  Teachers in
© Wikimedia Commons President of Iran Hassan Rouhani.  Iran denies Morocco accusation of Polisario arms delivery  TEHRAN -
© Lou/Supplied Cornish pasties  A little sibling to Restaurant Gus?  A hot spot for casual eats opened up
© REUTERS/Charles Platiau/File Photo FILE PHOTO: Vincent Bollore, Chairman of the Supervisory Board of media group Vivendi, attends the company's
SEOUL—South Korea said it wouldn’t seek a withdrawal of U.S. troops stationed in the country if a peace deal is
By Polina Ivanova  The chairman of En+ Group (ENPLq.L) said on Wednesday he was working on implementing a plan
Voters in a state that helped launch Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders's 2016 bid for the presidency may not be "feeling
© Provided by AFP Chhota Rajan ordered the killing of journalist Jyotirmoy Dey in 2011 because he was unhappy about
Armenian protesters blocked several routes into the capital Yerevan on Wednesday as opposition leader Nikol Pashinyan announced a campaign of
A retired British businessman plunged 18 floors to his death at his Thailand home just hours after he filed for
© Provided by AFP Special Counsel Robert Mueller (L) is probing possible obstruction of justice as well as collusion in
In a book timed to cause a stir in Quebec’s overheated pre-election season, Radio-Canada journalist Michel C. Auger tackles what
© Provided by Independent Media Fitch Ratings maintained Eskom's Long-Term Local Currency IDR and unguaranteed local currency senior unsecured ratings
© Provided by Independent Media MEC Dr Dhlomo with one of the patients, Mamizi Khumalo. Picture: KZN Health Department 
The president says the government's attempt to weaken anti-graft laws is "an assault against the justice system." He will refer
© Provided by IBT Media  A cleaner at South Korea's Incheon International Airport made a discovery that could change
China on Wednesday called for all sides to remain in the Iran nuclear deal as the deadline for President Trump
© Provided by AFP Former Sinn Fein president Gerry Adams, pictured in February 2018, will fly to the Basque Country
© Provided by Fool  Cenovus Energy Inc. (TSX:CVE)(NYSE:CVE) continues to struggle, as Q1 results last week were disappointing, despite
© Andy Fierlit Donna and Andy Fierlit Twenty-seven years ago, doctors told Andy Fierlit that it would be easier to
© Provided by AFP A US C-130 Hercules military cargo plane  An aging US military cargo plane carrying nine
By Liana B. Baker and Ritsuko Ando  Xerox Corp (XRX.N) said its CEO and most of its board will
© Noam Galai/FilmMagic Kathy-Griffin-Says-She-Will-Never-Apologize-to-Anderson-Cooper  Still on the outs. Kathy Griffin opened up about the loss of her friendship with
© REUTERS/Aukkarapon Niyomyat Demonstrators take part in a protest organized by the People's Movement for a Just Society outside the
© Provided by Fool question mark  TransCanada Corporation (TSX:TRP)(NYSE:TRP) released its quarterly earnings last week, which showed the company
© Deutsche Welle  EU states cannot automatically deny entry to a war criminal or suspected war criminal, but authorities
© Getty Images Bruges in Belgium. It remains a criminal and imprisonable offence in Belgium to have an abortion outside
Last week, a top US federal official informed lawmakers that the Trump administration plans to scrap a critical provision that
By Gabriela Baczynska  The European Union aims to cut funds paid out to member states that undermine courts and
© YE AUNG THU/AFP A Catholic priest and 11 others have been charged for the murder of a man living
© Provided by AFP China's foreign minister Wang Yi (L) laughs as he shakes hands with North Korea's vice foreign
By David Schwartz  Chanting "No Budget, No School", Arizona teachers on Wednesday demanded lawmakers approve a budget deal with
© Delil Souleiman / AFP/Getty Images Members of the Syrian Democratic Forces gather at the al-Tanak oil field as they
© PA Prime Minister Theresa May and Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt speak to patients during a round table discussion as
By Emma Thomasson  German fashion house Hugo Boss (BOSSn.DE) reported strong quarterly sales growth in China and the United
The report is the latest to cast doubt on Germany's military capabilities and readiness. It raises questions of whether Germany
At least seven people have been reported dead after armed men, including a suicide bomber, attacked Libya's electoral commission headquarters.
© Provided by ABC Business Australia's free trade agreement (FTA) with China is starting to bear fruit for the nation's
© FMT MEDIA SDN BHD  © FMT MEDIA SDN BHD  SARIKEI: The Sarikei wharf is all but covered
© Joe Marino/NY Daily News/Getty Images/AP Dr Harold Bornstein was described in the letter as Trump’s personal doctor ‘since 1980’.
Science Photo Library Patient preparing for cervical screening The investigation follows the revelation that 208 women diagnosed with the cancer
By Joseph Nasr and Andrea Shalal  Social Democratic German Finance Minister Olaf Scholz presented spending plans on Wednesday that
Anyone booking an economy ticket for China Southern’s new non-stop service to Wuhan would do well to select a seat
© Provided by Independent Media Swati artist Sands. Picture: Supplied The Recording Industry of SA ( RiSA ) and the
© Provided by LionhearTV.Net  Juancho Trivino recently shared how he has a private friendship with Maine Mendoza.  One
Mogadishu is a battle-ravaged capital, the epicenter of the over two-decade civil war that scattered millions of Somalis across the
Next time you feel a bit queasy following one too many roller-coaster rides at an amusement park outing, just thank
KUALA LUMPUR: Malaysia’s broad money supply growth (M3) accelerated in March to 5.9 per cent year-on-year, the highest growth recorded
© Deutsche Welle  Colombian veterinarian Andres Lopez Elorza pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges that he turned puppies into
Tribune News Network  Doha  Qatar residents and all Arab countries residents will be able to observe five planets
© Sven Hoppe—dpa/AP Israel's Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, delivers a speech during the International Security Conference in Munich, Germany, Sunday,
© Provided by Business Insider Benjamin Netanyahu Iran  Israel is urgently trying to convince President Donald Trump to not
© REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer Tear gas floats around masked protesters during clashes with French CRS riot police at the May Day
© Provided by The Hill  A federal judge on Tuesday ordered Iran to pay billions of dollars in damages
Global military spending in 2017 was at its highest level since the Cold War, according to a new report from
By Anna Mehler Paperny  © REUTERS/Chris Wattie/File Photo FILE PHOTO: Migrants walk along railway tracks after crossing the Canada-U.S.
A Missouri state senator is calling on the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to pull a radio station's broadcast license after
As a travel editor and writer, I rarely linger in a single restaurant (or hotel, or museum) when visiting a
By Philip Pullella  Pope Francis told Chilean victims of clerical sexual abuse "I was part of the problem" and
© Provided by Hearst Television, Inc.  Longtime Kentucky Derby Museum miniature horse Winston has died.  The miniature horse
© MAHMUD TURKIA/AFP/Getty Images People gather outside the Libyan electoral commission headquarters in Tripoli on Wednesday after it was targeted
The Maine House of Representatives voted overwhelmingly on Wednesday to override Gov. Paul LePage's (R) veto of a measure to
Were the early humans roaming east Asia more than half-a-million years ago clever enough to build sea-faring watercraft and curious
Mayor Martin J. Walsh’s administration has a new point person on efforts to combat racial and economic inequality in Boston.
Activist and model Adwoa Aboah revealed the third part of her photo project with Burberry shot by Juergen Teller and
© DOJ Some of the cuneiform tablets confiscated by the DOJ.  This only adds to the controversy around DC’s
© (Getty Images) Older workers can improve their digital footprint by creating a strong LinkedIn profile.  Age discrimination in
© Businessworld FDI into Malaysia crucial for economic growth  By Mah Siew Keong  Malaysia is an open economy
© David Rogers/Getty Images  The first ever Irish autism summit is set to take place in Dublin's Croke Park
© Provided by Business Insider away jen rubio Daniela Spector  Cool small businesses emerge every day across the US.
© Bloomberg/Bloomberg Singapore Just Edged Out Vietnam as Asia's Top Stock Market  (Bloomberg) -- Turns out Mark Mobius isn’t
Prime Minister Theresa May makes her speech at the Conservative Party annual conference at the International Convention Centre, Birmingham, Oct
© Getty Images Britain’s 14 overseas territories, including the Cayman Islands, will have to introduce registers by the end of
Michael Caputo, a former communications adviser to President Trump's campaign, blasted the Senate Intelligence Committee on Tuesday, saying that its
© Gary Solilak/CBC News The Canada Revenue Agency has begun an investigation into Mona Lisa Ristorante Italiano and its owners,
© LAT Images More Red Bull-Honda talks set for Spanish GP  Red Bull and Honda have scheduled further talks
© Getty Images Can icebergs solve Cape Town’s water crisis?  A leading marine salvage expert is hoping to solve
© AFP/Getty Images An RAF Tornado GR4 aircraft lands in Cyprus on 14 April after being part of a mission
On Wednesday, 104-year-old scientist David Goodall bid farewell to his home in Australia to fly across the world to end
With the prospect of another round of North Korean diplomacy in the air, the United States must take full advantage
© FMT MEDIA SDN BHD KUALA LUMPUR: The MRCB Gamuda Consortium, a 50:50 consortium formed between Gamuda Bhd and Malaysian
© Provided by Business Insider oil worker Reuters/Carlos Garcia Rawlins  Colombia exported 477,000 barrels per day to the US
© Google Militants, including at least two suicide bombers, stormed the head offices of Libya's electoral commission in Tripoli on
With just a week to go to a general election, Malaysia's main opposition bloc is making gains and will likely
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 14 NEXT SLIDE > People march in a May Day rally in Los Angeles
By Henning Gloystein  Oil prices firmed slightly on Wednesday, supported by concerns that the United States may reimpose sanctions
© PA Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe has been in prison in Iran for more than two years.  Getty Images Tehran skyline
© Provided by Independent Print Limited  © Provided by Independent Print Limited pa-36199475.jpg  The father of Alfie Evans
© Getty Images  At least 57 women have been killed in Canada in 2018 so far, according to a
Thousands of black-clad protesters at the head of a Paris Labour Day march have waged heavy property damage on local
Critics of the Trixie Foundation Animal Sanctuary, located on a remote stretch of land in Elliott County, Kentucky, contend it's
© Provided by Daily Maverick 2018-05-02-antjie-krog-on-how-afrikaans-and-the-south-can-enrich-dutch-and-the-north  The humdinger: “There will come a time when those of you who speak
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  The choice of Admiral Harry Harris to fill the long-vacant
© Provided by AFP Protesters say they will stay on the streets until opposition leader Nikol Pashinyan is elected prime
© Provided by Business Insider AILEEN GILANI  26-year-old Aileen Gilani quit her law degree to launch The Luxury Student.
The public will go to polling booths across the country tomorrow on Thursday 3 May as more than 4,300 council
A KFC worker who has never been abroad was threatened with deported to Uganda, despite having lived in Shrewsbury all
© REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer A demonstrator carries a piece of barrier, as he wears a t-shirt reading: "antifascist action", during clashes
© Provided by Business Insider Sarah Huckabee Sanders AP Photo/Evan Vucci  The White House brushed off a major "typo"
By Sonali Paul  © REUTERS/Mark Dadswell Vatican Treasurer Cardinal George Pell is surrounded by Australian police as he leaves
© Provided by Business Insider macron turnbull  Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull and French President Emmanuel Macron together warned
New Delhi: Shilpa Shetty is currently enjoying the sun, sand and the sea in Maldives with her family - husband
Demi Lovato has fractured her foot whilst abroad in Bali, Indonesia.  Demi Lovato has fractured her foot.  The
© Provided by Jpost.com (The Jerusalem Post online edition)  The Fordow compound was part of Iran's nuclear program and
Richard Grenell, the new U.S. ambassador to Germany, was officially sworn in Thursday by Vice President Pence.  Pence praised
MICHES, DOMINICAN REPUBLIC – Club Med continues to expand to new heights.  The all-inclusive resort company that helped put
Better safe than sorry! Gwyneth Paltrow and Brad Falchuk are taking cautionary measures before tying the knot.  The engaged
Marco Brancaccia has been officially charged with stalking Colin Firth’s wife Livia Firth, British newspaper The Times reported.  The
© Kevin Tuong The Neighbour Centre, a daily drop-in in the south of Edmonton, has seen an increase in the
Video by Veuer  North Korea is holding three American prisoners — but President Trump suggests there may be hope
© REUTERS/Lucas Jackson FILE PHOTO: U.S. President Donald Trump's personal lawyer Michael Cohen arrives at federal court in the Manhattan
Video by MSNBC  President Trump's lawyer, Rudy Giuliani, said late Wednesday that men like senior presidential adviser Jared Kushner
Video by Fox News  Inspired by the success of DNA searches in the Golden State Killer case, detectives at
The widespread death of coral reefs across the planet's oceans in recent decades is the result of several factors—most of
© Bloomberg/Bloomberg Israel Sees Iran War Looming as Mideast Tinderbox Awaits a Spark  (Bloomberg) -- There have been coups
The Navy has expressed interest in fitting its latest warship with a new weapon capable that would make it a
There's a war raging across the African continent, but we don't hear much about the hard work done on the
© Provided by AFP Jewish pilgrims take part a the procession outside the Tunisia's Ghriba synagogue on May 2, 2018
© SOPA Images via Getty Images  Three months ago, President Donald Trump used his first State of the Union
© Provided by The Hill  The woman named this year's National Teacher of the Year said she gave President
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited The first New Zealand birth certificate to name two women as "mother" for a
© Free Malaysia Today Environs group attacks Perak govt for quarries in forest reserve  IPOH: An environmental group has
WASHINGTON—The Defense Department said Wednesday that it had transferred a prisoner from Guantanamo Bay to Saudi Arabia, the first such
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited  If you happen to be driving in northeast Australia, it's probably best you
Bumitama Agri Ltd (SGX: P8Z) is a palm oil producer. Its primary business activities are the cultivation of oil palm
(Bloomberg Businessweek) -- Donald Trump will soon sit down to the most consequential negotiation of his career if, as expected,
© RNZ / Claire Eastham-Farrelly Police car Police said they were called to the Countdown supermarket in Papakura yesterday, when
It started more than a month ago: a caravan of 1,200 migrants fleeing violence in Central America. And, by Sunday,
By Cecile Mantovani and Isla Binnie  Basque separatist group ETA said on Thursday it had completely dismantled and ended
© Staff Sgt. Gustavo Castillo/U.S. Air Force via AP U.S. airmen at Camp Lemonnier, Djibouti, load aid supplies to be
© Provided by Grub Street  As Swedish as Swedish meatballs? In the greatest food scandal to rock the international
© GUILLERMO ARIAS/AFP/Getty Images Central American migrants travelling in the "Migrant Via Crucis" caravan sleep outside "El Chaparral" port of
Riot police clashed with protesters at a Lesbos rally against the EU's migration policy. Some groups have warned that the
By Yawen Chen and Karl Plume  China's major ports of entry have ramped up checks on fresh fruit imports
© CBC The University of Prince Edward Island sent out a release Thursday afternoon announcing the plans for an international
Medical experts in Yemen are scrambling to avoid a repeat of the worst cholera epidemic in recent times when more
© Sandy Huffaker/Getty Images North America/Getty Images  Republican National Committee members voted Thursday to eliminate the body's debate committee,
© Courtesy Jerger Family Lelah Jerger, of Huntingburg, Indiana, says she’s watched her young daughter, Jaelah, suffer about 30 seizures
President Trump on Wednesday awarded the National Teacher of the Year award to an educator known for teaching immigrant and
© Rod Lamkey Jr. HeadShots for Zeppelin Communications. Washington, DC., Thursday, January 19, 2017. (Photo by Rod Lamkey Jr) 
A U.S. Navy maritime patrol aircraft was the subject of an “unprofessional intercept” by a Russian Su-27 interceptor, according to
By Phil Stewart  All nine people on board were killed when a Puerto Rico Air National Guard cargo plane,
BALIK PULAU: 1Malaysia Development Bhd (1MDB), the government’s strategic development company, has transferred the ownership of all its lands, including
By Bozorgmehr Sharafedin  Fifteen year-old Ma'edeh Shabaninejad was arrested two months ago at her aunt's house in the southern
Britain said on Thursday that recent remarks by Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on the Holocaust were "deeply concerning" and unhelpful
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov has suggested that the poison attack on ex-spy Sergei Skripal could be in the interests
© Provided by AFP Rural communities in Zamfara have been under siege for several years from cattle rustlers and kidnapping
© David Buzzard - media-centre.ca—Getty Images  Raw Canadian oysters are likely behind a norovirus outbreak that has both Canadian
WASHINGTON—Chinese military personnel are targeting American flight crews in the skies over the east African nation of Djibouti using a
A New York City judge has ruled in favor of the condo board at "Trump Place," which sued the Trump
© ANTIQUITY/ZHILIN ET AL The more than 17-foot wooden carving called the Shigir Idol was originally uncovered in Russia in
© PA Theresa May on polling day LONDON — British voters are going to the polls in councils and regions
Sorry guys, this anticipated new Air Jordan 1 is only for the ladies.  After the huge popularity of the
A missing hiker who sparked a huge search operation when he checked into a luxury hotel rather than returning home
An arms dump in eastern Ukraine near rebel-held territory was rocked by a series of explosions after a fire broke
© CBC Premier Scott Moe says the future of NAFTA and its impact on Saskatchewan will be a topic of
Does New Zealand face a housing crisis? The AM Show host Mark Richardson isn't convinced.  The Government announced a
© REUTERS/Siphiwe Sibeko/File Photo FILE PHOTO: A general shot of Driefontein Gold Mine shaft, located 70 km (43 miles) west
By Michael Martina and Ben Blanchard  © REUTERS/Jason Lee White House trade and manufacturing adviser Peter Navarro, a member
Editor’s note: The opinions in this article are the author’s, as published by our content partner, and do not necessarily
By Josh Smith  Absent from last week's summit between the leaders of North and South Korea was Pyongyang's human
By Ahmed Elumami  © REUTERS The site of suicide attack on Libyan electoral commission is seen in Tripoli 
© LiveMint Telangana chief minister K. Chandrashekhar Rao with Samajwadi Party president Akhilesh Yadav on Wednesday.  Hyderabad: If there
© Provided by Indian Express Atul Kumar Johri was arrested in March before being granted bail. Before he resigned from
NEW DELHI: AirAsia India Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Amar Abrol is stepping down after being in his
© Rich Pedroncelli / Associated Press FILE - In this Tuesday, May 2, 2017 file photo, Monica Lozano, left, chair
© Provided by IBT Media A Russian fighter jet has crashed in sea off the Syrian coasts, killing both pilots
© Kim Brunhuber/CBC PostMood CEO Alex Sass says his company represents the 'good side of Facebook data analysis. But they
© FMT MEDIA SDN BHD  PETALING JAYA: DAP’s Charles Santiago is confident of retaining his parliamentary seat on May
By Crispian Balmer  President Sergio Mattarella has called for a fresh round of consultations with party leaders on May
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  (Video by NDTV)  A heavy dust storm swept across several
Prime Minister Golda Meir, the Iron Lady of Israeli politics, played a fundamental role in establishing Israel as a country
(Bloomberg) -- Benin and Cameroon appear to have escaped MTN’s chopping block.  MTN Group Ltd. said Thursday it has
Police are hunting a firearms suspect after a man was seen holding an imitation air rifle at Birmingham Moor Street
Far-right French politician Marine Le Pen has called on European nationalists to "fundamentally change" the EU. She was trying to
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  (Video by Times of India)  Prime Minister Narendra Modi today
© Paul J. Richards/AFP/Getty Images Former President Clinton stands to the side as he waits to be introduced at an
The two men discussed North Korea in the shadow of a possible summit between US President Donald Trump and North
© PA Prime Minister Theresa May leaves 10 Downing Street, London Theresa May has conceded that her plans for a
© Provided by CNET Senator Al Franken resigns  Al Franken: Facebook's business model made the company "a lot of
By David Schwartz  Arizona's governor signed a budget bill on Thursday that will boost teachers' wages by 20 percent
mcp-3513277  Intense weather has battered South Asia this week. After what was likely the hottest April temperature recorded in
New Zealand faces an epidemic of unresolved rape cases, with thousands of women allegedly sexually abused without justice.  A
Pierre Bellocq had grand ambitions for the mural he had been commissioned to paint in the clubhouse of Churchill Downs
The United Arab Emirates has condemned the twin bomb blast at a Mosque in Northeastern Nigeria on Tuesday.  In
© Getty Images Mr Guterres warned the Iran deal cannot be scrapped without a viable alternative UN Secretary General Antonio
© Food and Drink—Shutterstock Swedish — or Turkish —meatballs  Sweden has admitted that Swedish meatballs — the signature food
© Provided by The Hill  Former Republican Rep. Blake Farenthold (Texas) said he should not be forced to pay
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 5 NEXT SLIDE > Sonia Guadalupe, of El Salvador, among other Central Americans are
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  (Video by NDTV)  An uneasy calm prevailed over the Aligarh
© Provided by Business Insider pizza Yelp/John Y.  JetBlue is delivering pizza from New York City to Los Angeles
In retrospect, he was way past his prime. But when the old man finally died, New Hampshire went into a
Thursday marks World News Day, a day that celebrates the importance of journalism, the stories reporters tell and the sacrifices
© Thinkstock Lack of investment in first-quarter 2018 demand for gold sent overall demand for the yellow metal to its
© Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images  Vanessa Trump may have questionable taste in men, but you can’t knock
Video by Wochit News  A former Amazon warehouse worker has described how he was stopped in his tracks by
By Francois Murphy  The landmark 2015 nuclear deal Iran made with major world powers slashed the scope of Tehran's
Queen Letizia of Spain has turned heads with her eveningwear lately—a pearl-embellished dress from homegrown designer Ana González and a
Three rhinos were found dead with their horns missing in Kenya's Rhino Sanctuary in Meru National Park on Wednesday in
If you've ever dreamed of digging for artifacts but don't have an archaeology degree, you're in luck—but you'll have to
© Provided by Albawaba.com Northwestern University in Qatar (NU-Q) will celebrate the graduation of its seventh and largest graduating class.
© Phillip Huguen/AFP/Getty Images EU Budget: more money for ever-closer union  The European Commission has opened what is expected
© Provided by Khaleej Times These pictures of Dubai from space will leave you spellbound  Dubai's iconic landmarks are
Keep your eyes to the sky in southwest Ohio this month, as you could see a piece of history fly
“Modesty is the color of virtue,” the philosopher Diogenes once averred. You remember Diogenes, famous for wandering the streets of
© Free Malaysia Today Project delivery partners picked for KL-S’pore high-speed rail  Chief executive officer Mohd Nur Ismal Mohamed
(Bloomberg) -- In the middle of a brand-new four-lane highway cutting through southern Sri Lanka’s jungle, Vijitha Gamage and his
© Enhao Fan/Canadian Arts Productions Leslie McCurdy in costume as Viola Desmond during a fundraiser for the film in Windsor
Meghan Markle's estranged brother, Thomas Markle Jr., has penned a letter to Prince Harry in which he bashes his sister,
© KIM WON-JIN/AFP/Getty Images China's foreign minister Wang Yi (centre L) shakes hands with North Korea's vice foreign minister Ri
France's finance minister said on Thursday that nothing short of an outright European Union exemption from U.S. steel tariffs would
© Spencer Platt/Getty Images North America/Getty Images MORGANTOWN, WV - MARCH 01: Republican candidate for U.S. Senate Don Blankenship speaks
Video provided by CityNews  Peel police have charged four officers with perjury after they were accused of stealing a
Addis Ababa May 03/2018 German Foreign Minister Heiko Maas and Foreign Affairs State Minister Hirut Zemene have discussed the status
© CNN News 18  Across several metro stations in the Indian city of Kolkata, young men and women took
© Emily Chung/CBC The U.S. Embassy on Sussex Drive first opened its doors to the public for Doors Open Ottawa
© Ralph Freso/Getty Images Arizona teachers' strike.  The Arizona teachers' strike has come to an end.  Arizona Gov.
© Savannah Professional Firefighters Association The Air Force says a National Guard cargo plane has crashed near an airport in
© Businessworld Philippines moves to attract research and technology expertise  THE ASIAN DEVELOPMENT Bank (ADB) has been “responsive” to
Those sweet “oaky” notes radiating out of your glass of rich red wine? Those “toasty” or “vanilla-scented” notes lifting gracefully
Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives called on Thursday for defence spending to rise to 1.5 percent of economic output by 2021,
© Channel 7 David Goodall is flying to Switzerland to end his life.  Australia's oldest working scientist has said
By Pavel Polityuk  Unusually hot and dry weather across almost all Ukrainian regions has not yet damaged grain crops
Photo gallery by USA Today  Hundreds of small earthquakes in Hawaii are shaking the eastern side of Big Island,
A former SNP member has joined calls for Scotland’s embattled Health Minister to quit after claiming her family was “treated
Newly-released footage showing some of the key moments leading to Irish independence has been made available online, after being restored
© Rideapart.com Harley Kansas City Plant outside  Harley-Davidson's Thailand Factory Result of TPP Exit  How steep tariffs in
© Provided by The Hill  President Trump will hold a campaign rally in Indiana two days after the state's
The Iowa House's livestream zoomed in for a close-up of a Democratic lawmaker on Tuesday, hiding her pro-abortion rights T-shirt
"To me, it's a great concept," said Colin Hyde.  He said he couldn't wait to sign his son, Malcolm,
Getting interviewed by Alex Jones's right-wing website Infowars may not sound like a good time, but someone proved it's possible
© Bloomberg/Bloomberg Danske Bank Slammed for `Massive Failure' in Dirty Money Scandal  (Bloomberg) -- The chief executive officer of
© SUP Magazine - The Voice of Standup Paddling Passing by Capitola, California en route from Santa Cruz to Moss
Video by Wochit Business  The world’s biggest oilseed processor just confirmed one of the soybean market’s biggest fears: China
Video by CBS  Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former New York mayor and a recent addition to President Trump’s legal
The woman, named in reports only as 38-year-old Sunita, visited an India hospital complaining of severe abdominal pain, fever, vomiting
© Provided by Allure Media Pty Ltd Burger King's new all-black burger has black buns, cheese, and sauce Most leading
© Provided by Business Insider Inc greys thumb - Krysta Montoya, an 18-year-old high school senior from Albuquerque, New Mexico,
Britain’s shameful Windrush episode, in which citizens born overseas were treated as illegal immigrants because they were unable to prove
© Getty Images  New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo holds a double-digit lead over his Democratic primary challenger, Cynthia Nixon,
In a span of less than 24 hours, officers of the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI), Chennai Zonal Unit, seized
© Reuters Mahathir Mohamad claimed that people working for the government were responsible for the ‘sabotage’ of his plane in
© Reuters / Tiksa Negeri Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta's trial is crucial to the ICC, which has secured only one
German police launched a raid on a migrant shelter on Thursday where three days ago 150 asylum seekers clashed with
© Free Malaysia Today Big plans for major towns along ECRL, says Liow  KUALA LUMPUR: Development plans are being
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited Labour has accused the government of attempting to cover up any
© Provided by NewsCred Harry And Meghan Markle's Wedding    Make your calendars: the Royal Wedding of Prince
A suicide bomber blew himself up inside the headquarters of Libya's election body in Tripoli, while the others set the
A 70-year-old Union City man died Wednesday morning after an Amtrak train hit him, police said.  The man was
Chinese nationals are using high-grade lasers to harass and cause minor injuries to American pilots, the Pentagon claims.  Aircraft
© Abel Uribe/Chicago Tribune/TNS A man walks a boy past a CTA bus that was the scene of a shooting
© Provided by The Hill  Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) offers fierce criticism of President Trump in his upcoming memoir,
© Provided by China News  Photo taken on Nov. 21, 2012 shows the Palm-Leaf Manuscripts of Buddhist Sutras in
© Getty Images Children from the Democratic Republic of the Congo wait at the Kagoma reception centre in Kyangwali. Uganda
© Provided by Business Insider Dandong China Houses and Apartments Corbis News/ Getty Images  Housing prices in China's border
© Provided by Allure Media Pty Ltd  A US Air National Guard c-130 cargo plane crashed near Savannah, Georgia
© Allure Media Philip Morris Knew More About Addiction Science Than It Let On. A new analysis of internal documents
Kauai’s popular Hanalei Colony Resort has announced it will be closed to the public through July 1, in the wake
British military police have started digging up a German river bank to search for the remains of a soldier's two-year-old
© Provided by Bauer Media Pty Ltd Busted! Is Prince Harry The Queen's favourite grandchild? She's well known for having
© Provided by Business Insider green beret US Army  US Green Berets are helping Saudi Arabia locate and destroy
© Provided by TIME Inc.  Deciding where to attend college is a hard decision for most people — but
Related Video: How will revelation of Cohen reimbursement affect Trump’s legal standing? (Provided by MSNBC)  Federal investigators have wiretapped
By Ed Stoddard and Patricia Aruo  South African gold producers agreed a 5 billion rand ($400 million) class action
© Provided by Business Insider Donald Trump Kim Jong Un Ahn Young-joon/AP  The White House is said to be
Spoiler alert - this story relates to an episode which has not yet aired on New Zealand television.  ©
© RNZ Ross Bell, Drug Foundation Executive Director The Drug Foundation has applauded the leadership of a school for giving
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited  The Government is setting up a three-way forum with the major business and
© picture-alliance/Ton Koene  Armed men have entered the Red Cross compound in Somalia's capital Mogadishu and abducted a German
© FMT MEDIA SDN BHD http://s3media.freemalaysiatoday.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/pakatan-harapan.jpg  By Janice Fredah Ti  Let’s examine the word “revolution”. It’s usually used
Southwest Airlines provided more details about its planned launch to Hawaii by announcing it intends to fly to the islands
West Germany planned to procure and even deploy chemical weapons in the 1960s. US and German military files, recently disclosed
© Photo by Evan Vucci - Pool/Getty Images U.S. President Donald Trump waves to supporters as he walks the parade
JAKARTA, Indonesia—Indonesia is trying to capture a bigger share of the vast wealth from its natural resources by seeking more
© FMT MEDIA SDN BHD TAIPING: Love led a young Norazimah Aziz into breaking the rules 31 years ago, and
© FMT MEDIA SDN BHD  BUKIT GOH: Just days ahead of an election, opposition leader Dr Mahathir Mohamad worked
© Darren Calabrese/Canadian Press A man paddles in front of a flooded home on Grand Lake, N.B., as floodwaters continue
When two mysterious shipwrecks were discovered off the coast of Australia in 2015, hopes were raised that they could be
WASHINGTON — Indiana’s U.S. Senate race is the most expensive in the country, and the pace isn’t letting up before
© Sarah Rice/Getty Images BANGOR, ME - OCTOBER 15: Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani speaks at a rally
By Tom Miles  The concept of global excess capacity, commonly used to support the creation of trade defense against
Simmering tensions between the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC) and grass-roots progressives have boiled over into public view.  As
© Free Malaysia Today Dr M’s picture not allowed since PH using PKR logo, says EC  KUALA LUMPUR: Election
Last week, U.S. aerospace giant Boeing(NYSE: BA) released another stellar quarterly earnings report. Core earnings per share (EPS) soared to
© The Verge The Academik Lomonosov is being towed from St. Petersburg to Murmansk, Russia, where it will fuel up.
© Jennifer Friesen Alberta Health Minister Sarah Hoffman said Wednesday that the province will now look at how it could
© Shane Fowler/CBC A pedestrian tries to cross the street in Fredericton's downtown on Wednesday.  A combination of rain
© /David J. Phillip/AP Former presidents George W. Bush (left) and George H.W. Bush arrived at St. Martin's Episcopal Church
© Provided by The Verge  Eighteen states, led by California, announced a lawsuit against the Environmental Protection Agency today
Khartoum May 03/2018 Ethiopia and Sudan have agreed to jointly develop and administer Port Sudan to facilitate Ethiopia’s access to
© Provided by Al Jazeera Al Jazeera's Mahmoud Hussein has been jailed in Egypt for 500 days without charge [Al
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited  An international team of archaeologists has found evidence that humans
Opposition leader Nikol Pashinyan has vowed massive protests after parliament rejected his bid for the premiership. The impasse heightens tensions
© AP In this March 31, 2014 file photo, HMAS Success scans the southern Indian Ocean, near the coast of
By Delphine Schrank  After Willians Bonilla fled threats from a street gang in Honduras two years ago to seek
Brazilian prosecutors filed charges against the country's Agriculture Minister Blairo Maggi on Wednesday, accusing him of orchestrating a bribery scheme
© Mary-Catherine McIntosh/CBC In a decision released Wednesday, Justice Anne Mactavish ruled an international arbitration panel 'did not exceed its
After a month-long odyssey through Mexico by bus, train and on foot, small numbers of Central Americans are being allowed
© Provided by Daily Maverick 2018-05-02-how-will-the-somalia-uae-diplomatic-row-affect-amisom  First published by ISS Today  Editor’s note: The opinions in this article
© Businessworld Cayetano to ‘go happily’ if asked to resign over Kuwait  FOREIGN AFFAIRS Secretary Alan Peter S. Cayetano
After spending five years in a Pakistani jail, Indian national Jitendra Arjunwar finally walked free on Thursday, May 3. 
Like 40 percent of Americans, I found myself on a Sunday morning in a place of worship; specifically, I was
© Provided by The Hill  White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders on Thursday sought to explain why President
Donald Trump could address Parliament despite a move by Commons Speaker John Bercow to ban the US President.  Last
© J. Scott Applewhite / AP Budget Battle  While it looks like Democrats have a good shot of winning
© Jefferson Graham / USA TODAY Google looks to make a big splash at the 2018 Consumer Electronics Show, touting
© MATTHEW MIRABELLI People leave the church of St Francis on April 16 after the Archbishop of Malta celebrated mass
By John Harrington  |  Murder, the heinous act of killing another person with malice, can leave the victim's
© Provided by Allure Media Pty Ltd  There's something not quite right about North Korea's antivirus software.  Photo:
© (Photo by John Shearer/Getty Images for MTV.com) Kayne West attends the 2016 MTV Video Music Awards On Tuesday, Kanye
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited With all eyes on Prince Harry and Meghan Markle in the
The Government has announced a $100 million plan to combat homelessness on Friday.  It includes a $37 million investment
© Used with permission of / © Rogers Media Inc. 2018. A group of dogs gather outside the United Nations
As with most espionage operations, it turns out there might be more to this one than meets the eye. 
For thrill seekers and county fair regulars, last summer was sobering.  A ride called the Fire Ball broke apart
© photo illustration/getty images  Two former foes are joining forces to oust Malaysia's sitting prime minister, although whether their
© Mikhail Palinchak/TASS via Getty Images Presidents of the Unites States and Ukraine meet in New York  After the
A Singapore-based startup has launched AllRites Marketplace. It is pitched as the world’s first fully-operational online platform allowing content buyers
© Provided by Independent Media Sundowns is expected to draw a large crowd when they play Wydad Casablanca of Morocco.
HONG KONG—Xiaomi Corp., one of China’s top smartphone makers, said it would launch its initial public offering in Hong Kong—bringing
© Provided by Business Insider Inc kevin kodra A truly iconic look.  It's hard to get a yearbook picture
© Abduljabbar Zeyad/Reuters Firefighters try to extinguish a fire engulfing warehouse of the World Food Programme in Hodeida, Yemen, March
© Courtesy Lance Lourie Rebecca Zeni spent most of her youth living her dreams: modeling in New York City, serving
© Photo by VCG/VCG via Getty Images AT SEA, CHINA - APRIL 12: A PLA Navy fleet including the aircraft
Electoral watchdog groups in Malaysia said on Thursday the voter list for a general election on May 9 had major
By Sarah Young  Hungary-based budget airline Wizz Air (WIZZ.L) has shored up its post-Brexit flying rights after UK authorities
© PA File photo dated 03/03/14 of an 11 year old girl using a set of weighing scales Schools could
© Provided by Independent Media Pastor Mboro's supporters march to Afro WorldView. Picture: Thembelihle Mkhonza/ANA  Johannesburg - Pastor Mboro's
© Wild Pops/Official Website Wild Pops has opened in Jamaica Plain  And just in time for this balmy weather
Global giants like Walmart and Metro Cash and Carry will soon have a new competitor in India’s wholesale retail market.
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited An airline passenger who opened the emergency exit on a plane
© Getty Images A sex worker claims illegal migrant sex work isn't an industry-wide problem, but instead just a case
© Provided by Independent Media A still image taken from a video shot on May 1, 2018, shows people helping
A 104-year-old Australian scientist said he resented the fact he had to leave his native Australia to end his life.
© Ramzi Kassem via AP Ahmed Mohammed al-Darbi was transferred to Saudi Arabia from Guantanamo Bay  Saudia Arabia confirmed
© Stuart C. Wilson-Getty Images for BFI/ Ben Gabbe-Getty Images for Time Sonam Kapoor and Deepika Padukone  Sonam Kapoor's
© Provided by Business Insider PF Chang's Shanghai PF Chang's  PF Chang's opened its first "American bistro" in China
After waging a decades-long struggle, ETA's announcement has marked the definitive end to its bloody campaign for an independent state.
A Chinese diplomat said North Korean leader Kim Jong Un told him he is dedicated to dismantling Pyongyang's nuclear weapons
© Caleb Jones/Associated Press In this March 13, 2017, file photo, people relax on the beach in Waikiki in Honolulu.
© Provided by Albawaba.com The NBC has been designed to serve as a platform to discuss topics relevant to the
Rabat says Iran and Hezbollah sent arms and financial support for the Polisario front.  Hezbollah has accused Morocco of
By A. Ananthalakshmi  One answer to why Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak is heading for another victory in next
© Provided by Business Insider Rudy Giuliani Alex Wong/Getty Images  Rudy Giuliani, the former New York City mayor and
© Provided by The Telegraph North Korea has launched an international manhunt for one of its most senior counter-espionage officers,
By Antonio De la Jara  Chile's President Sebastian Pinera proposed on Thursday to remove the statute of limitations on
Everyone is going to know Alden Ehrenreich’s name later this month when Disney releases “Solo: A Star Wars Solo” around
A Windrush victim came home for the first time in nearly a decade yesterday – and finally got to meet
© Provided by Business Insider nashville mall shooting Associated Press/Mark Humphrey  One person was killed after a shooting at
© Rodger Bosch for UNICEF USA do not reuse  Eight-and-a-half years after first traveling to Ethiopia to adopt her
© Provided by AFP Conservative peer Patrick Cormack, one of Britain's longest-serving lawmakers, said that as the leader of "our
First Ladies of America: As Melania Trump prepares to visit Britain, we celebrate the White House's other leading women 
© Provided by WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post  House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.) reversed course Thursday
How Grocery Stores Are Responding to the Romaine Lettuce E. Coli Outbreak Here's how major chains are protecting consumers as
© Getty/Victor Cardoner Texture of red hot chilies  We’ve all suffered through it: An unexpected pepper, too much wasabi
HARTFORD — The General Assembly approved a new family violence law Thursday to prevent domestic abuse victims from being arrested
Kate McCann tonight read out a heartbreaking poem dedicated to missing daughter Madeleine on the 11th anniversary of her disappearance.
© Goldcorp Goldcorp wants to build an open pit gold mine in the White Gold district south of Dawson City.
ABU DHABI: The United Arab Emirates' securities regulator on Wednesday warned investors not to deal with Financial.org, an unregulated British
Scandal-plagued former Rep. Blake Farenthold told Gov. Greg Abbott in a sharply worded letter on Wednesday that he has no
A man allegedly pulled a gun at a polling station in Northern Ireland - with cops seen descending on the
© Duncan Cairns-Brenner/Greenpeace Canada Two women climbed a drill commissioned by Kinder Morgan for the Trans Mountain pipeline expansion project
By Paul Carsten  West Africa's infamous internet scammers have evolved, dropping their impersonations of online love interests, princes and
© Provided by Al Jazeera Ammar Campa-Najjar says he's an American first and foremost [Al Jazeera]  A candidate for
© Provided by Business Insider amazon vancouver 2017 07 18_PostOfficeRendering QuadReal  Amazon is building a large office building at
During his time as an Oklahoma state senator, now-Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) head Scott Pruitt did not disclose that he
© Bauer Media Group (NZ) LP After-effects of the 2010 earthquake. Photo/Getty Images  Since the Christchurch quakes, mental-health services
By John Irish and Robin Emmott  European powers still want to hand Donald Trump next week a plan to
© Bauer Media Group (NZ) LP  © Bauer Media Group (NZ) LP Photo/Getty Images  Nobody likes to pay
© Flickr US journalist killed by Taliban in Afghanistan  SA ranks third in media freedom  ACCRA – Journalists
Slideshow by Business Insider  WASHINGTON — U.S. Vice President Mike Pence is postponing his plans to travel to Brazil
One of the most striking reminders in Lyse Doucet’s new documentary, which takes us back to beginning of the conflict
The NHS was today engulfed by a breast cancer scandal after it was revealed 450,000 women were denied life-saving scans
© Provided by Business Insider trump michigan rally REUTERS/Joshua Roberts  President Donald Trump has Nobel Peace Prize buzz after
© PA Police officers at the scene on South Park Crescent in Hither Green, London  Police will step up
© AP Photo This Feb. 13, 2018 photo shows photographs of severely malnourished infants hung on wall in the administrative
© Provided by ZA Celebrityworx Pty Ltd walnut-3072652_1920 Although your job may require you sitting at a desk all day,
20 things to know about asthma  By Philippe Michaud  |  Asthma is a chronic pulmonary condition. There
© KCRA 3  Music and marijuana -- that’s in the mix for this Friday and Saturday's High Times Cannabis
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) has formally invited Lithuania to become the 36th member of the intergovernmental
A billionaire New Zealand businessman says a British MP's claims of links to Russian intelligence services are "complete nonsense". 
© PA File photo dated 06/05/10 of a voter placing a ballot paper in a ballot box. People have been
© FMT MEDIA SDN BHD  GEORGE TOWN: Arul Kanda Kandasamy of 1MDB said today his town-hall meetings across the
Venice is not simply sinking—it's flooded with tourists and the city's mayor is willing to do whatever it takes to
© Provided by Goal.com  Souleymane Camara is set for his 12th season with Montpellier after he was handed a
© ​​​​​​​Courtesy of La Cofradia Tequila Barrel Hotel  There are plenty of reasons to have a shot of tequila
© Burger/Phanie/Rex/Shutterstock Jeremy Hunt blamed a computer failure for 450,000 people not being invited for screenings.  Thousands of people
It’s been more than a decade since Pujol,Museo Soumaya, and the tuna tostadas at Contramar lured us to the quiet
President Donald Trump claimed the U.S. border is "under siege" and accused Mexico of doing "little to help" in an
© Provided by Independent Media TAKING ACTION: British Prime Minister Theresa May had to be seen to act despite not
© Provided by The Hill  President Trump will have more than impeachment to worry about if Democrats take back
By Maher Chmaytelli  Iraq's powerful top Shi'ite cleric suggested on Friday that he had not abandoned his opposition to
Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt, when he joined the EPA, drew up a list of his preferred travel destinations
President Donald Trump has allegedly instructed the Pentagon to reduce the U.S. military presence in South Korea, The New York
Paulette Jordan, a candidate in the running to become the governor of Idaho, is a born leader.  The 38-year-old
© Carolyn Kaster Since the Florida school shooting, no major new federal gun controls have been imposed. WASHINGTON — President
© Bloomberg/Bloomberg RAV4  (Bloomberg) -- Toyota Motor Corp. is investing C$1.4 billion ($1.1 billion) in its Canadian operations to
86,000 Hondurans, many of whom have lived in the U.S. for nearly two decades, will now have until 2020 to
© Provided by Business Insider Paul Manafort Drew Angerer/Getty  A federal judge in Virginia may side with Paul Manafort,
© Joe Raedle/Getty Images  Experts say gas prices could surge well past $3 a gallon.  Gas prices across
© Getty Images A child leans against a burned-out car following airstrikes by the Saudi-led coalition in Sana’a, the capital
© Christopher Furlong/Getty Images  Almost 30 smuggled Irish puppies have been rescued and returned to Ireland after they were
© Bang Showbiz G-Eazy  G-Eazy  G-Eazy has been convicted on charges of assault and drug possession in Sweden,
© Provided by Daily Maverick 2018-05-04-cameroons-forced-returns-put-nigerian-refugees-at-risk  First published by ISS Today  Forced repatriations are illegal and play into
Turkey's main opposition party nominated lawmaker Muharrem Ince (EEN-jeh) Friday to run against President Recep Tayyip Erdogan in the upcoming
© Provided by BusinessWorld China reclamation continues in disputed sea, says US think tank  A lawmaker “strongly” condemned China’s
Libraries in Northern Ireland have joined a breastfeeding scheme.  The 96 public libraries are the latest to join the
© Provided by IBT US  With just weeks left for a landmark summit between the United States and North
Afonso Dhlakama, Mozambique's long-time opposition leader and former rebel chief, has died aged 65, according to media in the country.
By David Ingram  Former U.N. chief Kofi Annan told Facebook Inc on Thursday that it should consider establishing a
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 10 NEXT SLIDE > Officials from several agencies were investigating a shooting scene in
© Provided by WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post  Rudolph W. Giuliani’s media blitz to convince the public
The Government has confirmed it will conduct an investigation into Telstra's triple-0 outage which saw emergency calls from around the
[[gn4id:30920064]]  I LIVED for a long time in a France where nothing was possible. Not that the country did
© Susan Stocker/Sun Sentinel/TNS Zachary Cruz, 18, brother of the teenager who killed 17 people at Marjory Stoneman Douglas last
Gallery by photo services  WASHINGTON – Two pieces of a broken fan blade were found inside the engine of
Special counsel Robert Mueller is requesting 70 blank subpoenas ahead of the trial of former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort.
© Photo: Radio-Canada/Kevin McIntyre Artistic director René Poirir believes when les Eloizes packs its bags Sunday, the mixture between local
Two voluntary speed restriction zones were implemented for vessels off the coast of Boston after more than a dozen endangered
© TheWrap summer and smoke  Jack Cummings III's direction of Tennessee Williams' "Summer and Smoke" makes clear the play's
John Kerry is quietly working to preserve his signature foreign policy achievement, the Iran nuclear deal, through a series of
© Provided by Al Jazeera Images of Macron wading into a crowd of furious workers made waves last year [Thibault
Ukip was facing near obliteration after a catastrophic night with the loss of at least nine councillors in London and
© Provided by Al Jazeera The doctor helped the CIA track al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden (pictured) [File: Associated Press]
© Provided by AFP Villagers at Onkolde in Kenya's Tana River delta region struggled with flood water after the river
© Marina Lystseva/TASS/Getty Images A Sukhoi Su-30SM fighter aircraft at the Russian Hmeimim air base. An advanced Russian multi-role fighter
Labour has failed to seize any of its targeted councils in London as the Conservatives recorded better than expected results.
© The Project  Athlete brothers Ben and Sam O'Dea won volleyball bronze for New Zealand at the Commonwealth Games
© AP Photo/Timothy D. Easley Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell R-Ky., speaks at the Jeffersontown County Chamber of Commerce luncheon,
© Marco Longari / AFP Angolan President and The People's Movement for the Liberation of Angola President Jose Eduardo dos
© Andrew Harrer—Bloomberg /Getty Images Paul Manafort, former campaign manager for Donald Trump, arrives for a motion hearing at the
Togo will provide information to the French inquiry into billionaire Vincent Bolloré’s Africa operations if asked to do so, Public
© The Associated Press The old Stock Exchange Building, home of the Swedish Academy in Stockholm on Thursday May 3,
Dr. Vaagn Andikyan, a gynecologic oncologist at Connecticut’s Danbury Hospital, had never seen anything like it.  A 38-year-old woman
© Associated Newspapers (Ireland) Limited, t/a dmg Media Ireland  Twenty-seven puppies and young dogs have been sent back to
North Korea has abandoned it's bizarre lone-wolf time-zone to rejoin South Korean time.  Kim Jong Un only turned the
© JUST Tetrick helps a child eat in Liberia.  © JUST Josh Tetrick addresses malnutrition in Liberia.  Someday,
© Getty Images  Ulster back-row forward Robbie Diack has announced his intention to return to South Africa at the
By Tom Miles  Russia will stand by the Iran nuclear deal and develop closer ties with Iran if U.S.
© Provided by The Telegraph  The Conservatives have regained control of key Labour target council Barnet as some voters
It’s fun to speculate about tech rumors, especially when they apply to the products we use every day. But, every
As Lebanon heads to the polls in May 6 general elections, residents of the eastern city of Zahlé are negotiating
FREDERICTON—Flood-weary residents of New Brunswick’s Darlings Island are praising the efforts of a man dubbed “Uber Rob.”  The only
© Bobbi-Jean MacKinnon/CBC Markus Edison and Aylssa Mulrooney enjoyed a game of pool Thursday afternoon in one of the lounge
North Koreans will set their clocks ahead by 30 minutes on Saturday, as the country moves to match its time
© REUTERS/Carlo Allegri  Rudy Giuliani, the former New York City mayor now working for President Trump's legal team, released
© Chris Jackson/Getty    Meghan Markle had her own “say yes to the dress” moment — and it
U.S. District Judge T.S. Ellis III said Friday that special counsel Robert Mueller's team is interested in information that leads
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Friday shifted his position over possible talks with U.S. Special Counsel Robert Mueller, saying
May 3 marks the second anniversary of the day that thousands of Fort McMurray residents were forced to leave their
© Provided by Independent Media First two faces announced in kulula.com’s Face on a Plane Competition.  kulula.com has found
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited Gel manicures could pose a serious cancer risk.  According to the American Medical
© Fernando Salazar/Wichita Eagle/TNS Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach in a March 2016 file image in Wichita, Kan. A
© REUTERS/Leah Millis U.S. President Donald Trump participates in the National Day of Prayer ceremony at the White House in
Kim Kardashian did not “beg” Kanye West to go to Wyoming, despite a new report. Gossip Cop can exclusively debunk
At around 1:30 p.m. on April 16, Joe Lee, a social media consultant, sat down for a television interview about
© AFP/Getty Images A robot mounts a cockpit into a Mercedes-Benz S-Class car on the assembly line in Stuttgart. 
By Ben Blanchard  No areas will be off limits in talks next week when Chinese Premier Li Keqiang visits
By Sarah Marsh  A group of Cuban artists plans on Saturday to launch a biennial independent of state institutions
© Provided by AFP Leader Kim Jong Un promised the move during the meeting at Panmunjom in the Demilitarized Zone
By Sue-Lin Wong and Elias Glenn  Top officials from China and the United States reached a consensus on some
© Scott Olson/Getty Images Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks at the National Rifle Association's NRA-ILA Leadership Forum during the
The House wants to hold off on U.S. weapons sales to NATO ally Turkey until a report is created to
© Provided by The Hill  President Trump's whirlwind moves on the legal front are causing turmoil, creating consternation among
© Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Thousands of people rally on the National Mall before the start of the 44th annual March
© Rosa Flores/CNN After an overwhelming no-confidence vote, the Broward Sheriff's Office Deputies Association put up a billboard on the
Early results in Thursday's local elections have painted a mixed picture for Labour and the Conservatives, with both parties losing
US President Donald Trump has assured Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina of continuing to press for the safe and voluntary
President Donald Trump has asked the Pentagon to look into reducing American troops in South Korea, The New York Times
© AFP US President Donald Trump.  WASHINGTON - President Donald Trump has ordered the Pentagon to prepare options for
DUBAI—Saudi Arabia is maneuvering to push oil prices up to at least $80 a barrel this year, shifting away for
© Provided by Business Insider SAN DIEGO, CA - MARCH 13: President Donald Trump addresses troops at Miramar Marine Corp
Nerve agents of the Novichok type though not the same as that used to poison a former Russian spy in
Meghan Markle will not have a maid of honour for her upcoming wedding to Prince Harry, it was revealed today.
© Get  Is Cinco de Mayo a holiday in Mexico? Sorry to be a buzzkill, but these are the
British officials have seized an illegal shipment of 50 live crocodiles at London Heathrow Airport, the UK Border Force said
© Facebook/BirdWatchIreland  A Birdwatch Ireland member has revealed some of the incredible names of its past and present workers.
Good morning, and welcome to the Essential California newsletter. It’s Friday, May 4, and here’s what’s happening across California: 
© Provided by NewsCred Marcolin Eyewear Is Hiring A Designer In New York / New Jersey  Marcolin's fashion glasses
By Cyril Altmeyer  Air France-KLM (AIRF.PA) CEO Jean-Marc Janaillac said on Friday he would resign after staff rejected a
© FMT MEDIA SDN BHD  LABIS: Penang-born Sherene Lee is back home from New Zealand – and she’s helping
© Photo: Getty  According to a startling new report from Reveal, Immigration and Customs Enforcement has been using dental
© Press Association Naa'imur Zakariyah Rahman (left) and Mohammed Aqib Imran in the dock at Westminster Magistrates' Court in London.
By Parisa Hafezi  © REUTERS/File Photo FILE PHOTO: People buy vegetables and fruits at the Tajrish Bazaar in northern
There is a striking contrast between the magnitude of change in Germany's foreign policy environment and the triviality of the
© Provided by The New Indian Express In this photo released by China's Xinhua News Agency, Indian Prime Minister Narendra
© Reuters The scandal seems set to grow amid a wave of staff sharing and reporting alleged fresh incidents of
© Provided by AFP Palestinian protesters flee from incoming teargas canisters during clashes with Israeli forces along the border with
If you've ever considered heading on safari, but then ultimately decided to do Europe for the ninth time instead, you
© The Crown From The Crowd  Over 250 previously unseen, lost or forgotten photos of the royal family are
The new cruise passenger terminal at DP World Limassol has been inaugurated by Cyprus President Nicos Anastasiades, Minister of Transport,
© Provided by Jpost.com (The Jerusalem Post online edition)  Königshaus said that now the bank's executives are aware of
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited Afghan interpreters, who worked with British troops fighting the Taliban, will
If Nero fiddled while Rome burned, we seem to be living through a full-blown, modern-day, ear-splitting orchestral re-enactment of that
© Motor1.com Edd China VW GTI  He helps put a 16-valve engine into a first-gen VW GTI.  Edd
© Getty Images for Variety Harvey Weinstein reportedly threatened to replace Peter Jackson with Quentin Tarantino to direct Lord of
© Matt Baron/REX/Shutterstock Justin Timberlake arrives at the 38th Brit Awards at the O2 Arena in London on Feb. 21,
© Provided by Business Insider trump trudeau Evan Vucci/AP  Two top US trade officials offered warnings about the future
© Provided by Independent Media The IOC has received interest in hosting the 2022 YOG from four African nations. Photo:
Home Credit Philippines bags international finance excellence award  IFM Awards is an event that recognizes and honors individuals and
Gen. Luis García Meza, a former Bolivian dictator who was convicted of genocide after leading a brief but brutal rule
PA British soldiers in Helmand Afghan interpreters worked with the Army on the frontline in Helmand Province 1  Afghan
'People have always told me I look like Gal Gadot.'  The tiara has exchanged hands once again, as the
© Provided by Daily Maverick 2018-05-04-energy-contestation-diverts-attention-from-the-need-to-change-south-africas-system  Editor’s note: The opinions in this article are the author’s, as published by
Not every bride has a royal wedding.  And not every woman wears a crown on her big day. But
Robert di Grazia, the former Boston police commissioner who died last week at age 90, was one of the all-time
© Provided by IBT US  The Samsung Galaxy S9 is barely three months old, but Samsung is already working
© Free Malaysia Today Thailand tightens border security ahead of GE14  NARATHIWAT: The Thai immigration police chief has ordered
© Getty Images; CBS-Getty Images Michael Cohen; Stormy Daniels  New assertions, accusations and counter-accusations involving President Donald Trump’s alleged
As Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt faces a seemingly endless stream of scandal, his team is scrambling to divert
© Provided by Toronto Star The passport of Wentao Yang was included in due diligence documents sent to the Mossack
One day after a military aircraft carrying nine members of the Puerto Rico National Guard crashed in Georgia, the names
© Sarah Collins/Post-Gazette Lt. Governor Mike Stack speaks at Pittsburgh's Taylor Allderdice High School in Squirrel Hill in February 2015.
© Provided by AFPRelaxNews Air Canada has denied that it has secret fares with Hopper. Two of Canada's biggest airlines,
VANCOUVER - Oysters contaminated with norovirus in British Columbia have become a costly problem and the issue magnifies a broader
© Deutsche Welle  Rescue teams from Suriname — South America's smallest country — were searching nearby coastal waters on
© Provided by AFP Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas gestures as he chairs a Palestinian National Council meeting in Ramallah on
© Scott Heins—Bloomberg via Getty Images The Arizona strike follows teacher walk-outs in Oklahoma and West Virginia.  Teachers across
MIAMI - Thousands of Cubans lost their valuables when they fled the Castro revolution. Decades later, those objects are turning
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  The US military has warned its airmen to beware of
© Rex Features ‘For all its flaws and the hotly debated risks of over-treatment, screening has saved thousands of lives
Newshub can reveal a former landmine disposal expert and soldier has pleaded guilty to unlawful possession of firearms and supplying
© Provided by Allure Media Pty Ltd  Our species, Homo sapiens, weren't the first humans to leave Africa -
© AP North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, left, and South Korean President Moon Jae-in embrace each other after signing
By Mica Rosenberg and Gustavo Palencia  The Trump administration said on Friday it will end temporary protections for immigrants
© AP Jeremy Clarkson    He's fronting the 20th anniversary of Who Wants To Be A Millionaire, as
By Muyu Xu and Manolo Serapio Jr  © REUTERS/Muyu Xu People attend a ceremony marking the opening of iron
© Damien Lee Would-be passenger Damien Lee took this photo of Air Canada ground crew examining the plane while a
© REUTERS/Edgar Su Boys walk and cycle past houses in Nowra  By Swati Pandey and Colin Packham  ©
© CBC Anyone who receives an opioid pain medication should be made aware of all risks, says Petra Schulz, an
© The Project  Newshub national correspondent Patrick Gower says Jimi Jackson is "a disgrace" for endorsing a website that
© Associated Press The committees of Britain's House of Commons have been very active in probing Russia's online meddling and
© Provided by The Hill  President Trump and his newest lawyer, former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani, disclosed
(Bloomberg) -- Berkshire Hathaway Inc. bought an additional 75 million shares of Apple Inc. in the first quarter, while dumping
© Provided by The Star Online  KUALA LUMPUR: A one-hour flight linking one of the world's smallest countries with
China's securities regulator said on Friday that overseas shareholders of futures brokerages must be reputable institutions with outstanding performance, as
© Associated Newspapers (Ireland) Limited, t/a dmg Media Ireland  A young US soldier killed during a combat operation in
At least four people were killed and nine others injured in multiple suicide attacks outside the northeast Nigerian city of
© Provided by AFP Pilgrims gather outside of the shrine of Imam al-Mahdi, the holiest figure for Shiite Muslims, in
Mill, who turns 31 this weekend, said his lawyers had advised him not to speak publicly. But after serving five
© REUTERS/Issei Kato USS Wasp amphibious assault carrier sails as a U.S. Marine Corps MV-22 Osprey aircraft flies near the
© Copyright ¡HOLA! Hello! Magazine  Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have no plans to go on honeymoon straight after
© Fournis par AFP The island's Vice President Chen Chien-jen and fans dressed as a motley crew of intergalactic characters
© theweek.co.uk Finding Fire: new book explores cooking at its most elemental  What is the latest trend in international
From Berlin to a galaxy far, far away, Germans have marked the iconic space saga in good humor. According to
© Press Association Darcey Bussell and Shirley Ballas at the launch of Strictly Come Dancing 2017 at Broadcasting House in
The White House on Friday strongly denied a New York Times story claiming the administration is talking to South Korea
© Provided by AFP Thousands of people have been asked to leave their homes on Hawaii's Big Island following the
© Provided by The New Indian Express Vice President and Rajya Sabha Chairman M Venkaiah Naidu (File Photo| PTI) 
German Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen plans a fundamental reorganization of the Bundeswehr, a report in the Süddeutsche Zeitung
Finance leaders of Japan, China and South Korea on Friday warned of the risks of protectionism and agreed to ensure
© FMT MEDIA SDN BHD  By Jacqueline Kueh  My name is Jacqueline Kueh Li Ling. I was born
© FMT MEDIA SDN BHD  KUALA LUMPUR: Some six years ago, Kerinchi was renamed Bangsar South, and it was
© social Kerry Michael was killed by her husband while holidaying. Image: Facebook. Robin and Kerry Michael had just hiked
KUALA LUMPUR: CIMB Equities Research expects Fraser & Neave Holdings to record a stronger second half for the current financial
© The Edge Communications Sdn Mhd  KUALA LUMPUR (May 4): Malaysia Airports Holdings Bhd shares fell 2.4 percent, more
© Bauer Media Group (NZ) LP Inside the striking Piha retreat that won Home of the Year 2018 The 2018
© REUTERS/Etienne Oliveau/Pool Republic of Korea's National Security Advisor Chung Eui-Yong attends a meeting at the Great Hall of The
© Gray Family—AP This undated photograph provided by the Gray family shows 17-year-old Lloyd Skanahwati Gray. Gray was with his
© Provided by Malay Mail Maszlee speaks during a Pakatan Harapan ceramah in Simpang Renggam on May 3, 2018. —
© Provided by The Hill  Missouri state lawmakers announced Thursday that they will hold a special session later this
KUALA LUMPUR: Malaysian crude palm oil (CPO) output likely grew 1.6% month-on-month to 1.6 million tonnes in April 2018, according
In a packed commercial district outside Dhaka, Bangladesh, there’s a large, rectangular plot of land overgrown with bushes and weeds
© Provided by AFP Comments about Jews by Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas triggered global condemnation  The United States failed
Pop quiz: where should you be eating in Sydney right now? Bert's? Bea? Poly? Too far, too tweezery, too not-open.
© Provided by AFP Itinerant workers and impoverished local residents see little profit from the industry and are left to
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  US President Donald Trump has tweeted that he hopes to
Happy Thursday and welcome toOvernight Defense. I'm Ellen Mitchell, and here's your nightly guide to the latest developments at the
When Gina Haspel was nominated as the next head of the CIA in March, it re-opened debate on a murky
Alastair Jamieson and Eric Baculinao and The Associated Press  Alastair Jamieson and Eric Baculinao and The Associated Press 
The Bay Area's parks and nature preserves are in full bloom this spring – but you might want to check
© Free Malaysia Today Come judge us, Musa unveils ambitious plans for Sabah  KUALA LUMPUR: Sabah Chief Minister Musa
By Lovasoa Rabary  Madagascar's opposition called on Friday for the government to resign, a day after after the High
U.S. President Donald Trump has not asked the Pentagon for options to reduce U.S. forces based in South Korea, U.S.
© Owen Humphreys - WPA Pool/Getty Images meghan-markle-prince-harry  It’s time to unite two families! Thomas Markle, the father of
© Photo: Ian Hitchcock (Getty)  The Department of Defense has accused China of hitting US military aircraft with blinding
More than 4,000 Mississippi National Guard soldiers are going through intensive training to prepare them for deployment to the Middle
President Emmanuel Macron, accused of straining France's secular foundations by saying he wanted to mend ties with the Catholic Church
© Provided by The New Indian Express  BHAGAMANDALA, KODAGU:About 5 miles downstream of River Cauvery’s origin lies a confluence
© Provided by Independent Media Four miners died after a seismic event at Sibanye-Stillwater's Masakhane mine in Driefontein. Picture: Mathews
A Virginia Democratic state lawmaker is suing the U.S. Forest Service for access to a road where a group of
One out of every five Rohingya refugee children in Bangladesh is suffering from acute malnutrition, and the UAE has joined
Donald Trump defended US gun laws last night by saying that London was "like a war zone" because of knife
President Donald Trump signaled Friday he’s preparing for another immigration fight as part of the fiscal 2019 spending bill. 
Nature is usually best observed unfiltered, with nothing between you and the trees, bees, and breeze. But sometimes—for comfort, safety,
© Cyrus McCrimmon/Getty Images Chuck Plunkett  One month ago The Denver Post's editorial board published a plea for the
Amid the ongoing controversy over WhatsApp strategy, the CEO of world's largest messaging platform Jan Koum announced that he will
© reuters Sadio Mane in action with Roma's Konstantinos Manolas. (Reuters)  Liverpool feel they can beat any team in
© REUTERS/Dave Kaup/File Photo FILE PHOTO: The mural Tragic Prelude depicts Abolitionist John Brown inside the Kansas State Capitol in
About 24 hours after the ring is on the finger, the stress of wedding planning begins.  It’s easy to
© Provided by Bauer Media Pty Ltd In what's believed to be a first for New Zealand, a lesbian couple
North Korean defectors in South Korea have decided to challenge an agreement between the two Korean leaders banning the launch
© Chrystia Freeland/Twitter Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland meets with Médecins Sans Frontières volunteers at a Rohingya refugee camp at
Partners HealthCare’s formidable lobbying team could be put to the test if the hospital giant decides to acquire insurer Harvard
The daughter of U.S. Rep. Luis Gutierrez filed paperwork Friday to run for alderman of the Northwest Side 30th Ward,
The Department of Homeland Security announced Friday that it is ending the Temporary Protected Status program that has allowed about
© Jerritt Clark/Getty Images for Bud Light G-Eazy  Following his arrest at a Sweden nightclub early Thursday morning, G-Eazy
© Provided by Fool  The optimism surrounding the outlook for base and precious metals continues to grow. This has
EPA A photo made available by the South Korean Presidential Office shows Seoul time zone clock (L) and Pyongyang time
Tax-rogue rocker Bono has hit back at critics of his financial affairs, asking: “I mean, come on, would people prefer
Qatar bought a $6.5 million apartment in a Donald Trump tower in New York City possibly to get back in
National Democrats came dangerously close to losing their preferred candidate in a key New York race — even in an
© Provided by Independent Media File Image: IOL  JOHANNESBURG - Indian vehicle manufacturer Mahindra is set to announce details
The royal honeymoon will have to wait.  After Prince Harry and Meghan Markle marry at St. George’s chapel on
© Win McNamee/Getty Images Sam Clovis Interviewed By House Intelligence Committee  Sam Clovis, a former Trump campaign national co-chairman
© Brewers Association  Though the annual Great American Beer Festival (GABF) might be the most recognizable beer competition held
© Stefanie Keenan/Getty Images for Lorraine Schwartz Colton-Haynes-and-Jeff-Leatham-split  It’s over for Colton Haynes and Jeff Leatham. The pair have
© Provided by AFP Protesters hold a banner reading "Stand up for a decent Slovakia" during the rally in Bratislava
Both Labour and the Conservatives have lost key councils in what is turning out to be a mixed election night
Video by CNBC  Over 1,100 leading economists sent a letter to President Donald Trump urging the president to reverse
© The Associated Press FILE - This undated file photo provided by Ramzi Kassem, an attorney for Mohammed Ahmed Haza
© Sebastian Woodroffe/CBC Friends say Sebastian Woodroffe, a Comox Valley-area man, had travelled to Peru several times to experiment with
© Provided by IBT US  A recent California Supreme Court ruling is being hailed as a “game changer” for
People attending a meeting focused on diversity in a New Hampshire city where an 8-year-old biracial boy was nearly hanged
Family, friends and law enforcement from across the country celebrated the life of Cpl. Eugene Cole on Monday.  ©
© Provided by The Hill  The Qatari government earlier this year bought a multimillion-dollar apartment in Trump Tower, just
© REUTERS/Vincent West Alfonso Sebastian raises his fist as he arrives to an Ongi Etorri (welcome) ceremony after a 20-year
The annual defense policy bill would establish a "special rule" allowing the Trump administration to waive some sanctions on U.S.
Thomas Kanewakeron Gray, 19, and his 17-year-old brother Lloyd Skanahwati Gray saved up their money to drive seven hours from
Donald Trump claimed removing US troops from South Korea was "not on the table" yesterday but conceded he would "like
Air France-KLM boss Jean-Marc Janaillac announced his resignation Friday after staff at the carrier's French operations rejected a pay deal
By Gulsen Solaker  Turkey's main opposition Republican People's Party (CHP) on Friday nominated one its most prominent and combative
© Provided by Independent Media Ridwaan Bawa, a former newspaper executive editor and magazine editor, is writing a weekly column
Retail sales growth in the 19 countries sharing the euro currency slowed sharply in March, European statistics agency Eurostat said
© Provided by Business Insider israel army Israel Defense Forces/Getty Images  Israel just passed a law granting its prime
The editorial page editor at The Denver Post resigned on Thursday, a few weeks after he wrote a column criticizing
French President Emmanuel Macron says in a new interview with a leading German newspaper that the U.S. withdrawing from the
(Video provided by zoomin.tv)  G-Eazy has been convicted on the charges of assault and drug possession in Sweden, but
© Damian Dovarganes WASHINGTON - The Trump administration has decided to end a temporary program that allows 57,000 Hondurans to
© EPA Mariano Rajoy, Spain’s prime minister, says Eta’s defeat began when Spanish democracy started to listen to the victims’
Two months after elections resulted in a political stalemate, Sergio Mattarella, Italy’s president, is giving the deadlocked parties one last
Growth investors are investors who aim to invest in companies that are able to grow their businesses at high rates
© Provided by Hindustan Times  Farmers giving land for the Mumbai-Ahmedabad bullet train will get an additional 25 per
© Provided by LawNewz, Inc. Robert Mueller / [Image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images]  As the world turns so does
© Provided by Al Jazeera Al Jazeera's Mahmoud Hussein has spent 500 days in prison as he continues to deny
© Wikimedia Commons Newspaper.Journalist.Reporting.News. Information.  Journalists commemorate first Press Freedom Day since Mugabe  HARARE - For the first
© Provided by Business Insider AC 130  The US accused China on Thursday of pointing lasers at US military
Kensington Palace set the Internet ablaze on Friday with a revelation of new announcements regarding Prince Harry’s royal wedding to
Bosnian war veterans took to the streets of Sarajevo to express their support to Bosniak ex-general Atif Dudakovic. Prosecutors suspect
© SUP Magazine - The Voice of Standup Paddling Featured Image  Photos courtesy of Lance Ostrom  Notching a
1) Millions of pounds from the Queen’s private estate has been invested in a Cayman Islands fund – and some
© Deutsche Welle  The Czech Republic said on Friday it had processed minuscule amounts of nerve agents belonging to
President Trump said Friday that reducing the number of U.S. troops stationed in South Korea is "not on the table"
© Photograph by Thomas Ingicco Researchers found a 700,000-year-old site on the Philippine island of Luzon where unknown hominins butchered
WhatsApp executive Neeraj Arora could be elevated to be the next CEO of WhatsApp, after Jan Koum stepped down from
Artworks from Uruguay go on show in Beijing  Artworks from Uruguay go on show in Beijing  5/4/2018 Artworks
© PA John Massey after his prison break in 2012. He escaped from Pentonville in north London to visit his
© Chung Sung-Jun/Getty Images Panmunjom Ahead Of Inter-Korean Summit Between Leader Kim and President Moon  For years President Trump
By Byron Kaye  Australia's AMP Ltd (AMP.AX) denied allegations it had submitted a doctored report to a regulator and
© DigitalGlobe/ScapeWare3d&/DigitalGlobe/Getty Images DigitalGlobe imagery (overview) of the Fiery Cross Reef located in the South China Sea. Fiery Cross is
© Photograph: Olivier Hoslet/EPA The European commission president, Jean-Claude Juncker, said he had been joking when he said English was
© NurPhoto via Getty Images, Siavosh Hosseini/NurPhoto Iranian opposition celebrate Nowruz In Tirana  Mujahideen-e Khalq (MEK) is a notorious
© Provided by The Hill  Stormy Daniels's lawyer said late Thursday that there were "extensive communications" between President Trump's
© EPA Counting votes during the Italian general election in March. The elections led to a political deadlock.  Italy
​  © Getty  ​  What's the story?  Despite Chris Jericho denying that he was going to
A Domino’s Pizza restaurant in Johnson City, Tennessee, is earning a foul reputation after health inspectors discovered rodent droppings on
© Drew Angerer/Getty Images Donald Trump Holds Weekend Meetings In Bedminster, NJ  President Trump probably wouldn’t appreciate the comparison,
© REUTERS/Ann Wang Detained and handcuffed Reuters journalist Wa Lone speaks to media after a court hearing in Yangon 
© CBC A copy of Calgary-based businessman Wentao Yang's passport is in the Panama Papers. The leak sparked a CRA
© Provided by New Vision 15,000 children in Uganda live on the streets  PIC: Some of the street children
A 52-year-old man will likely spend the rest of his life in prison for fatally shooting a bar patron in
AUSTIN, Texas — Rosario Doyle had thought casting a vote meant she was civically engaged. Now, the 26-year-old Latina says
WASHINGTON - Six months ahead of midterm elections, data from registered voters across the country suggest Republicans hold a slight
It gets particularly worse when you realize that the United States and other nuclear powers are also hypocritically ignoring their
The new standards could force ride-hailing platforms and other start-ups to reassess their business models, since employees qualify for higher
© Provided by Business Insider US military life aircraft carrier navy Statue of Liberty Navy photo by Petty Officer 2nd
In a symbolic move meant to showcase North Korea’s willingness to pursue a permanent peace treaty with South Korea, Pyongyang
These Nature Scenes Will Inspire Your Next Adventure  By Francis Rivera  |  Torres del Paine National Park,
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 3 NEXT SLIDE > Armenian Prime Minister Serzh Sargsyan (left) walked out of a
© Provided by FARS News Agency Iran: US Main Source of Instability in Region  "The region has been negatively
It's a family affair. Where we headed everybody? Charlie and the chocolate factory. Charlie and the chocolate factory. [MUSIC] Here
A liberal polling outlet celebrated Star Wars Day by asking if President Donald Trump is more like Luke Skywalker or
© Getty Images Lockerbie bombing: what really happened?  A review of Abdelbaset al-Megrahi’s conviction for the Lockerbie bombing is
President Trump announced Friday that his administration has agreed to a date and a location for his expected meeting with
Kansas and Oklahoma state lawmakers have both approved legislation allowing private adoption agencies to veto placements of children into homes
© The Associated Press Policemen stand behind a banner outside the venue hosting the Eurovision Song Contest, Thursday, May 3,
© Presidency Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini KaBhekuzulu’s graduation ceremony at the University of Zululand. DURBAN - Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini
© Patrick T. Fallon / For The Times    The Los Angeles Police Department has started an administrative
By Tom Perry and Laila Bassam  The Lebanese Shi'ite group Hezbollah and its allies expect to emerge stronger from
© (Shannon Fagan/Getty Images) The patient's medical team removed the tumor in a five-hour surgery.  Doctors have removed one
© Provided by Sportal com au  Mahe Fonua has scored a spectacular Jonah Lomu-style try in the Wests Tigers'
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia—Malaysia’s ruling party said on Saturday that it expelled two of its best-known members and begun investigating a
© Provided by Albawaba.com During the event.  Under the patronage of His Excellency Ibrahim Al Hammadi, UAE Minister of
© Provided by Allure Media Pty Ltd  The US Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) has proposed a $US8500 ($11,273) fine
© Provided by AFP Tensions are brewing in Yemen's Socotra island, a site of global importance for biodiversity conservation, after
Investigators working with Special Counsel Robert Mueller questioned Russian oligarch Viktor Vekselberg, the New York Times reported Friday. Investigators stopped
© Provided by Al Jazeera Phnom Penh Post's sale could signal the end of independent media in Cambodia [Heng Sinith/AP]
© Reuters FILE PHOTO: King of Swaziland Mswati iii (front) and his wife disembark a plane after arriving at Katunayake
© India Today Group GST Council meet: Govt to buy 51% GSTN stake from private entities; sugar cess faces opposition
© Provided by Al Jazeera Hondurans have expressed concern over returning to their home country, which is plagued by gang
By Trevor Hunnicutt and Jonathan Stempel  Billionaire Warren Buffett has been buying a boatload of Apple Inc shares and
A list of hard-line demands that the Trump administration handed China last week could make it even more difficult to
© Provided by Chicago Tribune  Chapter 1: We were scattered, an unsettling feeling in such an uncertain time. For
The store was destroyed entirely, said the fire department.  © Provided by Jpost.com (The Jerusalem Post online edition) 
Former Vice President Joe Biden visited Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) at his Arizona ranch earlier this week as the senator
Call this Kim Kardashian's high school reunion, part two.  The 37-year-old reality star took a break from her vacation
By Lisa Maria Garza  Protesters on both sides of the U.S. gun debate took to the streets on Saturday
(Video via People)  Award-winning filmmaker Carlos Carvalho died after an accident while shooting the ITV series Wild at Heart.
© Deutsche Welle  The former President of The Gambia, Yahya Jammeh, may have been known as a brutal man,
Air France-KLM's (AIRF.PA) board will decide on a management transition plan on May 15, the company said on Saturday, after
© Getty Images for Pandora AUSTIN, TX - MARCH 18: Rapper Kevin Gates performs onstage during the PANDORA Discovery Den
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny and more than a thousand anti-Kremlin activists were detained by police on Saturday during street
© Getty Lalu Prasad Yadav with his family  Patna, May 5 -- A family reunion in RJD'S first family
© Submitted by Astrid Manske In a handout to members, the five farmers are described as 'dissident members' and warns
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  (Video by Times of India)  After the Karnataka elections, the
Tens of thousands of demonstrators took to the streets in Paris on Saturday to protest against the stream of economic
MOSCOW — Riot police moved in at a rally in Moscow Saturday afternoon as thousands of people took to the
Nearly 100 Lebanese politicians openly support LGBTQ rights  As Lebanese head to the polls on Sunday for the first
A U.S. Marine who was killed in WWII is back in New Hampshire over 70 years after he died. 
© Provided by Business Insider zimbabwe chamisa AP Photo/Tsvangirayi Mukwazhi  Zimbabwe's opposition leader has pledged to rid the country
© Provided by The Telegraph  Teachers are now expected to be social workers, speech therapists and keep an eye
After nearly a decade and three postponements, Lebanese voters on Sunday are finally electing a new parliament. But a new
© Matej Leskovsek President Donald Trump talks to the media before boarding Marine One in Washington to travel to Texas
© CBC An extension of the Millennium Line from VCC to Arbutus is expected to be built by 2025. 
© Provided by The Hill  The White House lashed out at China on Saturday after the country's aviation authority
© Provided by Mediaite, LLC Michael Cohen / [ photo via Getty Images ]  A new report is providing
Walt Teague had given up hope of making an arrest in the Koreatown triple murder.  The suspect, Tai Zhi
© Other Acourt is originally from south London. Pic: NCA  Jamie Acourt - one of Britain's most wanted fugitives
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny and hundreds of anti-Kremlin activists were arrested by police amid protests against Russian President Vladimir
Seven miners were killed at Sibanye-Stillwater's Masakhane mine while six others are recovering in hospital after being trapped underground for
© Provided by AFP Revelers celebrate the festival of Jesus Malverde, considered the patron saint of drug traffickers, in Culiacan,
© Provided by AFP Hugo Chavez who pulled Venezuela's clocks back by half an hour in 2007, a move that
© Bang Showbiz Lucy-Jo Hudson and Alan Halsall Lucy-Jo Hudson is joining 'Hollyoaks'.  The 35-year-old former 'Coronation Street' actress
© Chrystia Freeland/Twitter Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland meets with Médecins Sans Frontières volunteers at a Rohingya refugee camp at
US President Donald Trump is blaming a lack of guns in London and France for violence and terrorism there. 
U.S. President Donald Trump spoke with Prime Minister Theresa May on Saturday on issues including the Iran nuclear deal, a
© Steven Senne/The Associated Press The Aga Khan addresses an audience on Thursday, Nov. 12, 2015, at the Memorial Church
© Fred Chartrand/Canadian Press Minister of Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Ahmed Hussen told CBC News Network's Power & Politics Friday
© Provided by Business Insider sydney airport PETER PARKS/AFP/Getty Images  Two brothers accused of plotting to blow up a
© Provided by CNBC  Donald Trump will meet on Saturday with U.S. officials that went to China to negotiate
The violence last year helped break two grim records when it comes to active shooters: the most incidents and the
Business before pleasure! Prince Harry and Meghan Markle won’t be jetting off to their honeymoon right after their wedding day.
By Hyonhee Shin and Heekyong Yang  Days after a historic inter-Korean summit Lee Min-bok, a defector who has been
© Provided by The Hill Paul Ryan's flip-flop decision to retain the House chaplain has won only partial praise from
Labour failed to make the big local elections breakthrough in London that many were predicting with key targets Wandsworth, Westminster
© Provided by Fool  The longer the price of oil stays around $70, the more stable it is and
© Provided by Associated Newspapers Limited Where's Eyob? Married At First Sight's Nasser Sultan enjoyed a friendly night out in
Meghan Markle's incredible £100,000 (NZ$193,000) wedding dress has been revealed by royal and fashion industry sources, according to reports. 
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  A top US Democratic senator has lashed out against the
United Airlines has refunded every passenger on a flight because of an "out of control" stewardess.  The extraordinary incident
© Provided by Associated Newspapers Limited When you arrive, 'do not allow your pupils to dilate and mouths to drop
© Btime/Miaopai A video of a man carrying a dolphin has sparked outrage online  A video of a man
TORONTO - Starbucks stores and offices across Canada will close for part of an afternoon next month to provide training
© Provided by Al Jazeera Rouhani said in a statement that the blockage of Telegram was "opposite to democracy" [AP]
© Provided by Business Insider Warren Buffett and Elon Musk  On Tesla's recent earnings call, CEO Elon Musk called
© Provided by The Telegraph  Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny and hundreds of his supporters were arrested in central
© Provided by WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post  President Trump spoke Friday with the parents of American
Abby Lee Miller posted an emotional image of herself from her hospital bed, weeks after undergoing emergency surgery following her
© Provided by WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post  Katie Holley was jolted awake by a cold thing
© Mary Getaneh Syed Najam is hoping that he can bring his multicultural community library idea all over the city.
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson is travelling to the United States on Sunday for a two-day visit, during which he will
© Bauer Media Group (NZ) LP Forensics NZ.  Local crime series Forensics NZ focuses on the role of science
© Provided by The New Indian Express Carles Puigdemont (File |AP)  BERLIN: Catalan separatists, meeting in Berlin, vowed Saturday
© Provided by The Hill  The United States's top diplomat to Mexico left Mexico City on Saturday for the
© Joshua Roberts / REUTERS Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani speaks at the 2018 Iran Freedom Convention in Washington
© Joe Jaszewski for The Washington Post via Getty Images Boise, Idaho, was America's 79th most unequal city in 2011.
Grenell is sharp critic of Iran's nuclear program and a strong supporter of the Jewish state.  Richard Grenell, the
WASHINGTON — A frail Senator John McCain has been receiving a stream of visitors and good wishes at his Arizona
It’s been a rough few months for the Massachusetts Senate.  The Senate president stepped down from his leadership post
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau pointed to his government's policy efforts to discourage sexist harassment today, after CBC News disclosed the
© Provided by Business Insider china navy REUTERS/China Daily  China has reportedly stationed anti-ship cruise missiles and surface-to-air missile
© Provided by WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post  The West Wing shouting match was so loud that
© Provided by Whalerock Industries Photograph by Laura Fisher  It has been two years since Bella Graham lost her
The idea of a guaranteed basic income has been around for centuries and in contemporary times has drawn support from
Dubbed the Woodstock for capitalists, the annual meeting of Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.A, BRK.B) was last weekend. Every year, tens of
Last year, Smallville star Allison Mack — who is facing criminal charges for her alleged connection to controversial self-help group
Video by Wochit  Whether you realize it or not, America's most important social program is in trouble. Despite providing
© Provided by Independent Print Limited Border force officers at Heathrow Airport have seized 50 illegally imported crocodiles.  
© Provided by The New Indian Express  Film: Naa Peru Surya, Naa Illu India  Director: Vakkantham Vamsi Cast:
© Photo by Jeff J Mitchell/Getty Images Tom Barrack speaking at the 2016 Republican National Convention in support of Donald
By Sarah White and David Milliken  U.S. President Donald Trump caused anger in France and Britain by suggesting looser
© EPA / Christian Escobar Mora A group of demobilized rebels of the Liberation National Army (ELN as in Spanish)
© Kirill Kudryavtsev/AFP/Getty Images Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny addresses supporters during an unauthorized anti-Putin rally on Saturday in Moscow.
© EPA Benjamin Netanyahu on Israeli television, describing how Iran has continued with its plans to make nuclear weapons. 
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos told graduates of Ave Maria University on Saturday that they should "embrace the mess."  DeVos's
© Reuters A Palestinian man looks at the scene of an explosion in the southern Gaza Strip, April 14, 2018.
Allison Mack and Keith Raniere appeared in court together for the first time on Friday, May 4. The pair, who
© Paul Morigi/AP Images for Avaaz Rep. Ro Khanna (D-Calif.) is one of the younger lawmakers pushing for term limits.
Kansas lawmakers passed legal protections for faith-based adoption agencies that won't place children in lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender homes.
For a brief moment these past weeks, it appeared that France’s once-mighty unions had lost their clout. Rail workers, once
© Provided by The Hill  California has asked a judge to dismiss the Trump administration's lawsuit concerning the state's
© SAUL LOEB/AFP/Getty Images Former FBI Director Robert Mueller, special counsel on the Russian investigation, leaves following a meeting with
The long-awaited replacement of the Pelican Island Bridge has moved one step closer to reality.  Galveston County commissioners voted
© Matthew Bingley/CBC Rising flood waters in the Saint John region has led to people leaving their homes and caused
Video provided by Reuters  President Trump is sticking to his guns.  Trump praised his base, promised to protect
© Provided by Al Jazeera Across Russia, over 1,000 people were taken into police custody on Saturday [Anton Vaganov/Reuters] 
EPA People carry a coal miner who was injured in a mine explosion to a hospital in Quetta, Pakistan, 5
Fox News host Laura Ingraham on Friday night called out Republican House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes for not reading
A Malaysian opposition leader is being investigated for alleged defamatory remarks about the Election Commission and police, state news agency
© Provided by The Star Online  KUALA LUMPUR: Police detained at least 130 Sri Lankans who being smuggled to
© Associated Newspapers (Ireland) Limited, t/a dmg Media Ireland  It will be important for Irish Eurovision hopeful Ryan O’Shaugnessy
© Provided by Leisure & Lifestyle Information Services Private Limited  India is a land of diversity and unprecedented beauty.
© Matthew Kupfer/CBC Residents near Mud Lake are concerned with the way the National Capital Commission cut down hundreds of
No social network has been banned "by this government," said the Iranian president. The Iranian judiciary blocked access to the
KUALA LUMPUR: Armed Forces, police, General Operations force personnel and their spouses began casting their ballots in early voting nationwide
On April 30, two brothers visited Colorado State University (CSU) when a parent on their campus tour called the police,
© Supplied Malaysian Police say the tanker was carrying 131 Sri Lankans headed for New Zealand and Australia. Photo: Royal
© Provided by The New Indian Express Muntazer al-Zaidi | AFP  BAGHDAD: The Iraqi journalist who grabbed headlines around
SRI AMAN: The future of the country is at stake if the opposition comes into power in the 14th General
The journey of hundreds of migrants across Mexico to the US border has become a flash-point for outrage among supporters
Gabon's prime minister announced the composition of a new cabinet on Friday, just days after the Constitutional Court ordered him
Daryll Rowe has been jailed for eight years after he pleaded guilty at the High Court in Edinburgh to having
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 32 NEXT SLIDE > The Wider Image: Migrants trying to reach Greece visit an
Prince Harry is getting ready to marry the love of his life at Windsor Castle in just a few weeks
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  A top US defence department official has accused Beijing of
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited  A judge has said he will not grant a legal
A source at the UN told Reuters that the decision to withdraw from contention was made after Israel realized it
Powerful winds wreaked havoc in southern Ontario's Golden Horseshoe region on Friday, leaving 100,000 people without power and claiming at
Meghan Markle and Prince Harry will be staying in town after their May 19 wedding.  The pair will not
A US Navy veteran was sentenced to life in jail for killing Srinivas Kuchibhotla, the Indian techie from Hyderabad whose
© Getty Images/CNNMoney  Warren Buffett said on Saturday that Wells Fargo committeda "cardinal sin" by turning a blind eye
© YURI GRIPAS/AFP/Getty Images  Warren Buffett has plenty on the line if the United States and China can't settle
© Deutsche Welle  At the height of the Greek mass protests against austerity measures due to the Eurozone crisis,
MIRI: The highlands of Sarawak's northernmost parliamentary constituency of Lawas saw good weather today that made for smooth postal voting.
© Provided by AFP A portion of the US-Mexico border fence is covered with images by AFP photographers during the
BEIJING — For the past decade or so, China has defied the truism that only free and open societies can
The opioid crisis in Canada is getting worse, despite efforts to curtail it. The latest figures suggest that more than
© Provided by Albawaba.com The ceremony to mark the signing of this agreement took place on March 4th, in the
TAWAU: A love triangle saw a husband being hacked to death by the boyfriend of his wife at a house
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  Earnings growth for mainland Chinese companies listed in Shanghai or
© Provided by The Hill    Former President George H.W. Bush was released from the hospital on Friday
© AFP US President Donald Trump. WASHINGTON - President Donald Trump on Friday said the date and location have been
By JAMES KUNDA –  AGRICULTURE Minister Michael Katambo has said that although the country will record a lower maize
© Georgia Department of Corrections Robert Earl Butts Jr.  ATLANTA, May 4 (Reuters) - Georgia executed a man convicted
© Provided by Independent Print Limited A motorist abandoned an allegedly stolen van on London Bridge and leapt into the
© Provided by Hindustan Times  Sunayana Dumala, the wife of Srinivas Kuchibhotla who was killed in a racially motivated
GOP Sen. Lisa Murkowski (Alaska) said this week that special counsel Robert Mueller should be allowed to follow his investigation
© Provided by Fool  The market for marijuana stocks has cooled off considerably since 2018 began, following a feverish
A woman is in a critical condition in hospital after she was assaulted with a drill on a street in
“In our view, human errors of the Crystal officers and redirecting it to a wrong path 15 minutes before the
Unknown assailants destroyed several Jewish headstones in a cemetery in a southwestern suburb of Athens, Greek police said Saturday, announcing
© Provided by AFP The insurgency began in 2016, when activists in the anglophone minority stepped up a campaign for
© Sue Ogrocki/AP President Donald Trump gestures as he speaks at the National Rifle Association annual convention in Dallas, Friday,
With the end of ETA, the struggle for independence in Spain's Basque Country falls to left-wing separatist parties which have
© Provided by NBCU News Group, a division of NBCUniversal Media LLC Image: David Allen Turpin talks with his attorney
The Ministry of Human Resources and Emiratisation (MoHRE) had stopped renewing licences of domestic workers recruitment agencies since March and
© Provided by Canadian Broadcasting Corporation The University of Alberta stands by its decision to give environmentalist David Suzuki an
The Labour Party failed to make big gains in the local elections with more than two-thirds of results counted. 
© Provided by The Press Association The amount of nerve agent used in the Salisbury attack should probably be 'characterised
North Korea's army of hackers has grown more brazen and capable over the course of several months, broadcasting a growing
President Rodrigo Duterte secures $185M in investment pledges from Singapore  The President assured the Singaporean businessmen that there would
© Provided by The Hill  President Trump offered a cordial message on Friday to the parents of Otto Warmbier,
They are said to make up just 2 per cent of the global population and tend not to fare well
French Montana celebrated Avicii in Norway on Saturday (May 5), bumping the recently deceased DJ's hit "Wake Me Up!" during
© Provided by Business Insider robert mueller Thomson Reuters  Paul Manafort, the former chairman of President Donald Trump's campaign,
KUALA TERENGGANU: As polling day approaches, Barisan Nasional chairman Datuk Seri Najib Tun Razak asked voters to make their decisions
© Mark Wilson via Getty Images Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke is introduced during an event recognizing the Wounded
© REUTERS/Rick Wilking Warren Buffett, CEO of Berkshire Hathaway Inc, talks to a reporter in the exhibit hall at the
© Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Image Former FBI Director Robert Mueller, special counsel on the Russian investigation, leaves following a meeting with
PEARL HARBOR — A Houston native and 2000 San Lorenzo Ruiz Center of Studies and School, in the Philippines, graduate
© J. Scott Applewhite/Associated Press President Donald Trump tells reporters a time and place for his meeting with North Korea's
© Jason Gibbs/Province of Nova Scotia The Sable Island sweat bee is only found on Sable Island.  The survival
LONDON — Stranded in a foreign airport for nearly 60 days, trying not to lose hope of ever getting out.
Reuters TV footage of smoke from Gaza explosion. 5 May 2018 A pall of smoke from the blast rose above
© Provided by The Hill  West Virginia attorney general Patrick Morrisey is mounting an 11th-hour attack against ex-coal CEO
© REUTERS/Ralph Orlowski German Chancellor Angela Merkel speaks during the celebrations of the 70th anniversary of the "Women's Union" of
Last Monday, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu revealed a vast repository of over 100,000 documents and files that Israeli intelligence obtained
© LUDOVIC MARIN/AFP/AFP/Getty Images Former US secretary of state John Kerry smiles during the One Planet Summit on December 12,
Antonio Conte believes Liverpool have had 'luck' in reaching the Champions League final – but admits they deserve to be
Iran is determined to reject demands by U.S. President Donald Trump for changes to its nuclear accord, which amount to
Jeremy Corbyn claimed the local election results left Labour "well placed" to win the next general election despite the party's
(Provided by Wochit News)  Meghan Markle will walk down the aisle in a £100,000 (CAD 173,760) hand-stitched wedding dress
© Jason Franson/The Canadian Press United Conservative Party Leader Jason Kenney speaks to supporters after being sworn in as MLA
© Provided by The Motorsport Network  This recent, lengthy flyover of the Tesla Gigafactory makes new expansion efforts obvious.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi is asking the House Ethics Committee to investigate allegations of child sex abuse against California
By KodjoAdams, GNA  Accra, May 5, GNA - Members of the Brotherhoodof the Cross and Star on Saturday held
© Provided by WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post  DALLAS — Joe and Connie Henderson packed up their
© Provided by Daily Maverick 2018-05-05-newsflash-varun-gupta-accused-in-estina-dairy-case-applies-to-leave-sa Gupta brothers' nephew, Varun Gupta, one of the accused in the Estina dairy heist,
Opposition leader Rafizi Ramli became the second candidate for prime minister to come under police investigation under the new law
Japanese bullfighting organisers said Saturday they had lifted a long-standing ban on women entering the sport's "sacred" ring, in a
California, joined by 16 states and the District of Columbia, have petitioned the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals to "review,"
This year marks the 45th anniversary of the Endangered Species Act. In at least one key respect, the law has
Video provided by Sky News  Parents of children murdered in knife and gun attacks on British streets have condemned
© Associated Newspapers (Ireland) Limited, t/a dmg Media Ireland  With Prince Harry’s wedding to Meghan Markle fast approaching, people
© Provided by Albawaba.com Stavros Yiannouka, CEO of WISE  The World Innovation Summit for Education (WISE), an initiative of
© Zach Goudie/CBC Between the demonstrations and the products, outdoorspeople can have a beary good time at the Outdoor Expo
© Provided by Business Insider US Marines Norway snow winter bulldog US Marine Corps/Cpl. Careaf L. Henson  The Marine
© Mandel Ngan/Getty Images CIA director nominee Gina Haspel attends the ceremonial swearing-in of Secretary of State Mike Pompeo at
National leader Simon Bridges says the "guys and girls" in government won't get tough on gangs, even if the police
© Provided by AFP Migrants of different African nationalities arrive at a naval base in the capital Tripoli  The
© Village of Los Ranchos  The Village of Los Ranchos de Albuquerque has announced that Mayor Larry Abraham passed
By Tuvan Gumrukcu  Turkey will retaliate if the United States enacts a proposed law that would halt weapons sales
In the "early 2000s" Holgar Kurschner of Wellsville, New York, was intrigued by a 1969 Plymouth 340 Formula S Barracuda
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 48 NEXT SLIDE > 2018 Aston Martin DB11 V8: First Drive © Motor1.com 
EPA Trump / Rouhani President Rouhani (right) says Iran is ready to "confront" any decision made by President Trump 1
© BloombergFurniture up for auction (Bloomberg) -- Get ready for the biggest tag sale in history.    More
© John Gibbins / San Diego Union-Tribune  Attorney General Jeff Sessions will visit the U.S. Mexico-border in San Diego
© Alex Wong/Getty Images Mueller is looking to question Trump, and has a list of four dozen wide-ranging questions to
EXCLUSIVE: This year’s 71st edition of the famed Cannes Film Festival is heavily focused on international cinema , but in
© AFP/Getty Images Air France has lost €300m since the wave of strikes and walk-outs began.  The future of
Presidential lawyer Rudy Giuliani said Sunday that Donald Trump would not be required to comply with a potential subpoena from
The mother of a 17-year-old shot dead near his home in south London has paid tribute to her “handsome boy”
Turkey's foreign minister, Mevlut Cavusoglu, said his country would retaliate if the U.S. ceases its weapons sales to Ankara, Reuters
© AHMAD AL-RUBAYE/AFP/Getty Images TOPSHOT - A member of the Iraqi forces walks past a mural bearing the logo of
Since he was elected President of France, Emmanuel Macron has made numerous high-profile international trips – enhancing his global image
© Provided by Al Jazeera Alexei Navalny has been a staunch critic of Russian President Vladimir Putin [File: Sergei Karpukhin/Reuters]
© AP Russian police carry opposition leader Alexei Navalny, center, at a protest against President Vladimir Putin in Moscow on
© Raphaël Tremblay/Radio-Canada Jean Bélanger uses STO's accessible transit network to get to his dialysis appointments, and says the new
© Provided by The Telegraph  Theresa May has been accused of resurrecting "Project Fear" after her Business Secretary warned
If you're like most people, you probably have a plan for when you want to retire -- and that plan
© REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque FILE PHOTO - U.S. President Trump escorts British Prime Minister May after their meeting at the White
Prosecutors in the corruption case against former state senator Brian Joyce convinced a grand jury he likely used his lawyer,
© Saskatchewan Medical Association Dr. Siva Karunakaran is the new president of the Saskatchewan Medical Association.  The new president
© Provided by The Hill  Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny was released from police custody on Sunday after he
There are calls for the Government to bring in an empty home tax with tens of thousands of unused properties
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  New Delhi: Thunderstorms and rain is likely in at least 13
© Provided by Business Insider Colombia cocaine production AP Photo/Rodrigo Abd  Colombia's rivers are a vital link between drug-producing
By Mubasher Bukhari and Asif Shahzad  Pakistani Interior Minister Ahsan Iqbal was wounded on Sunday in an apparent assassination
© Businessworld Cayetano backs OFW rescue amid row with Kuwait  RELATIONS BETWEEN the Philippines and Kuwait have taken a
© AP Cannes Film Festival chief Thierry Fremaux says gender parity is only a matter of time.  Even the
© Provided by Independent Media Talented Miss SA contestants Karishma Ramdev and Noxolo Ndebele will be flying KZN's flag at
© Reuters The proposed merger of the two supermarket chains will leave little or no major supermarket competition in the
© Catapult Ventures Pte Ltd online-credit-card-header  Taobao hacks: How to find the best Taobao shops & products  Taobao
© Provided by Albawaba.com Majid Saif Al Ghurair, Chairman of Dubai Chamber  The Dubai Chamber of Commerce and Industry
Six Indian engineers working on a power plant project in northern Afghanistan were kidnapped along with their Afghan driver on
© Provided by AFP The survival of strike-hit Air France is in the balance, French Economy Minister Bruno Le Maire
© REUTERS/Danish Siddiqui/File Photo FILE PHOTO: Iranian President Hassan Rouhani speaks during a meeting with Muslim leaders and scholars in
© eNCA Officials are scratching their heads after another heist at OR Tambo International Airport. Tuesday’s robbery is not the
SAN DIEGO — For the sake of the California Republican Party’s survival, its chairman, Jim Brulte, instituted a rule for
By Joseph Sipalan and Praveen Menon  Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak can no longer count on the state of
Democrats are poised for a Senate push to restore net neutrality rules.  Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.) plans
At least 12 people have been killed and dozens wounded in an explosion at a mosque in the Afghan province
© Provided by The Telegraph Former Tesco boss Sir Terry Leahy has launched an extraordinary attack on his successor Philip
© Businessworld PCA wants to increase of coconut content in biofuels to boost prices  US SOYBEAN SALES to China
Republican leaders are hoping Don Blankenship, a coal baron who has targeted Mitch McConnell, will not prevail in Tuesday's West
© Businessworld Half drop out of drug rehab program in Davao City  By Krista A.M. Montealegre  National Correspondent
© Businessworld PCA wants to increase of coconut content in biofuels to boost prices  By Carmelito Q. Francisco 
Furious residents have hit out after a passenger jet flew so low over their neighbourhood they thought the plane was
Ram Vilas Paswan is one of the most prominent Dalit faces in politics. Over decades he has carved a special
Proving the motive behind a murder is not a binding factor to hold the accused guilty, the Delhi High Court
A new "customs partnership" with the EU - which is fiercely opposed by some Tory Brexiteers - is still on
French President Emmanuel Macron has warned that war could ensue if U.S. President Donald Trump withdraws from the 2015 deal
© CBC Red Dress Day is an annual event that honours missing and murdered Indigenous women and girls.  Two
© press association Boris Johnson, the foreign secretary, is travelling to the United States as part of a last-ditch diplomatic
DIVERSITY in people and culture are often said to be the key to the beauty of the world.  After
National Republicans are making a hard turn against ex-coal CEO Don Blankenship in the final days before the West Virginia
Rudy Giuliani on Sunday said while he has no knowledge of President Trump's personal attorney, Michael Cohen, paying any women
What David Hodson does not know about the oil and gas business — and the multi-trillion-dollar financial infrastructure behind it
North Korea claims President Trump played no part in its recent decision to open peace talks with longtime enemies. 
North Korea said Sunday that its plan to denuclearize was not the result of pressure from the U.S.  The
Shipwrecks from our planet’s most notorious wars delight explorers off Europe, while in-your-face encounters with one of nature’s most skilled
© REUTERS/Osman Orsal Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan attends his ruling AK Party's Istanbul congress  Turkey will carry out new
Dr Mutlaq bin Majed al-Qahtani attending the concluding session of the high-level International Conference on Countering Terrorism and Preventing Violent
As a white person who grew up in South Africa during apartheid, I’m always open to opportunities to disrobe any
© Supplied Malaysian Police say the tanker was carrying 131 Sri Lankans headed for New Zealand and Australia. Photo: Royal
Vacationers in southern Maine now have a new Florida destination that they can reach with a non-stop flight from Portland
By Sarah White  Air France must become more competitive or it risks being further outpaced by rivals, French Finance
An ultranationalist leader wanted to hold a "peaceful rally" in the same village where he once commited war crimes. Skirmishes
UK fugitive Jamie Acourt will not challenge his extradition from Spain after being arrested over alleged drug offences, the Spanish
© Provided by The Telegraph  Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday accused Iran of supplying advanced weapons to Syria
© Provided by The Star Online  PETALING JAYA: GE14 will see 212,834 Malaysians eligible for postal voting, said Election
© Robert Short/CBC Cannabis becomes legalized in Canada on July 1, 2018.  A rally and march held in Halifax
© FMT MEDIA SDN BHD  KOTA KINABALU: President Yong Teck Lee said SAPP is the only opposition party that
© CNN  At least 14 people were killed and 33 others injured after an explosion at a mosque in
New Delhi: Thunderstorm and heavy rain is likely in at least 13 states and two Union Territories tomorrow, the Union
© Provided by NBCU News Group, a division of NBCUniversal Media LLC Image: Police inspect a mosque after a blast
Jamie Acourt, one of Britain’s most wanted fugitives, will not challenge his extradition after being arrested in Barcelona, the Spanish
A man drove for about 40 miles with thousands of bees engulfing the cab of his truck and reportedly did
© Provided by Trinity Mirror Plc  A man, 20s, has been charged after €110,000 worth of cannabis was seized
Photographs of Prince Louis' first days at home have been released by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge - including
A New Hampshire Marine who was killed in World War II is finally back home after 75 years.  Sgt.
© The Navajo Nation There are approximately 191 feral horses that were found dead at a stock pond in northern
© AP Photo/Lynne Sladky Patrick Kelly, Field Operations Manager with Mosquito Mate, releases Wolbachia-infected male mosquitoes, Thursday, Feb. 8, 2018,
© Getty Images  A sensational performance by the bowlers, led by Ayabonga Khaka and Raisibe Ntozakhe set up the
WASHINGTON — Harvard Law professor emeritus Alan Dershowitz warned President Donald Trump's legal team against playing "into the hands" of
© Rick D'Elia/Zuma Press/TNS Scottsdale classified employee Julie Gildersleeve reacts to motorists honking in support as colleagues demonstrate for improved
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  Two Chinese men have been arrested over a brawl during
KOTA KINABALU: Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Tun Razak has asked Sabahans to give a strong mandate to Barisan Nasional,
Ambassador Sheikh Ali bin Jassim al-Thani attending the Sub-Regional Workshop on the Prevention of Violent Extremism organised by the Unesco
By Steve Scherer  The leader of Italy's anti-establishment 5-Star Movement, Luigi Di Maio, on Sunday made a last-ditch offer
The White House is ramping up an eleventh-hour effort to build support for President Trump's pick to lead the CIA,
A man shot dead in a chilling woodland attack was a former underworld enforcer once called in to stop a
© Associated Newspapers (Ireland) Limited, t/a dmg Media Ireland  Jose Mourinho wants Old Trafford’s money men to bring in
© Provided by Associated Newspapers Limited Malaysian police have busted a human-smuggling ring transporting illegal immigrants to Australia and New
(Bloomberg) -- John Rachmat, the former sell-side analyst who famously predicted a bear run in Indonesian equities in 2014, is
© Euronews SA  A far-right leader and convicted war criminal was stopped from holding a controversial rally in Serbia
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 6 NEXT SLIDE > A transmission tower and downed lines in the mountainous terrain
© Garry Jones/Associated Press Kentucky Derby winner Justify checks out the crowd outside Barn 33 at Churchill Downs in Louisville,
The Republican leader of the U.S. House Armed Services Committee said President Trump should not walk away from the Iran
To commemorate the 100th anniversary of Shiekh Zayed, leading global healthcare provider NMC Healthcare will provide for free cutting-edge medical
© Provided by Associated Newspapers Limited 'Alex and Emily, you have just won $250,000. Congratulations!' Judges Pete Evans and Manu
Germany can expect much more in tax revenue than officially estimated last year, a paper says. But the Finance Ministry
“We are determined to stop the Iranian aggression against us, even if it involves a struggle – it is better
A mother in Idaho, US, ruthlessly beat up her children for eating her ice cream and has been sentenced to
© AP Photo/Twentieth Century Fox Reel FX Animation Studios was behind the critically-acclaimed animated feature, The Book of Life, which
Sonam Kapoor and Anand Ahuja's families today put to rest weeks of rumours by confirming that the couple was tying
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  One of China’s most high-profile millionaire Good Samaritans who adopted
Brazen cyberattacks are straining relations between Greece and Turkey, two nations with considerable shared past – and a history of
WASHINGTON—Republicans in three states will vote Tuesday in contentious Senate primaries, choosing nominees to go up against some of the
© Provided by Trinity Mirror Shared Services Limited  A man is to appear in court this morning charged in
© Reuters / Ryan Henriksen Warren Buffett talks to reporters as he tours the exhibit hall during the Berkshire Hathaway
Kenya May 6/2018 Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed arrived in Nairobi, the capital of Kenya late Sunday for a two-day state
Polls closed across Lebanon Sunday in the country’s first parliamentary elections in nine years with all eyes focused on the
© Provided by Ethiopian News Agency - ENA Premier Abiy Arrives at Nairobi for a State Visit  Nairobi May
Video provided by Wochit News  The French government joined survivors of the 2015 extremist attacks in Paris in condemning
© Provided by Business Insider american airlines  The White House has denounced demands from China that 36 foreign airlines
An anti-Semitic Republican Senate candidate in California was booted from the state's GOP convention Saturday while reportedly dragging and kicking
© B.C. Treaty Commission/Facebook The Lheidli T’enneh First Nation gathered in Prince George on Saturday to initial a new treaty.
Boris Johnson is en route to the US for a meeting with officials as he attempts to persuade the administration
© Provided by Al Jazeera Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi claims ISIL is still a threat to Iraq [Ludovic Marin/Reuters]
When you think of internet giants fighting terrorism online, there's a good chance you think of them banning accounts and
The last member of the military council that ruled Egypt after army officers overthrew the monarchy more than six decades
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is taking BJP's Karnataka election campaign to Nepal. This isn't a new thing for him. Since
© REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany/File Photo FILE PHOTO: The golden sarcophagus of King Tutankhamun in his burial chamber is seen
© Provided by Independent Media Adwoa Aboah embraces her family roots in new Burberry campaign. (Pic: Instagram)  Adwoa Aboah
100 Years: Remembering Sheikh Zayed, one of history's greatest leaders  © Provided by Step Platform DMCC  On May
By Perry Stern  |  Automotive sales in the U.S. remained flat due to weaker overall performances in April.
Tens of thousands of health care workers are scheduled to go on strike Monday across the University of California system,
© Mark Bochsler/CBC David Ramsay took Bell to court - and won - after the telecom giant refused to honour
© Photo Illustration by Lyne Lucien/ The Daily Beast When Meghan Markle walks into St George’s Chapel in Windsor Castle
© Instagram/parnellbabyboutique    It's been far from an orthodox day for staff at the Parnell Baby Boutique. 
© Photo: Mohamed Somji  Let me just say up front: I have never wanted to go to Abu Dhabi.
Australians love their smartphones: 88 per cent of us own at least one, and a whole generation has never known
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 5 NEXT SLIDE > A woman sits among the ruins of Zala Ambesa, Ethiopia,
Video provided by Mirror  Social media is no place for a young child - especially a Royal.  But,
Video provided by The Mirror  Held in a loving embrace, the latest addition to the Royal Family receives a
© Dia Dipasupil/Getty Images for Chruchill Downs Pentatonix  Pentatonix enjoyed a major honor Saturday (May 5) when they sang
© Provided by Business Insider parkland police Joe Raedle/Getty Images  A man who injured two people when he opened
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  Troubled energy conglomerate CEFC China has had another tough week,
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  The US and North Korean leaders are likely to meet
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  The United States is putting another bargaining chip in play
BEIRUT—Lebanese voted Sunday to choose a new government in the country’s first election in nearly a decade, one that has
Two passengers were killed and two others were injured after investigators said a boat on the Piscataqua River struck a
An Ohio grandfather's brave footwork has seen him lauded a hero.    The man, who police have identified
© Suzanne Cordeiro/REX/Shutterstock Elon Musk speaks at ACL live during SXSW in Austin, Texas, on March 11, 2018.  Billionaire
© Catapult Ventures Pte Ltd air miles free london  In theory, amassing frequent flyer miles which you can then
© Provided by Business Insider German Air Force Eurofighter Typhoon takes-off during the air policing scramble in Amari air base,
© FMT MEDIA SDN BHD  BAGAN DATUK: Action is to be taken against a political party newspaper, whose issues
Hisham Aljundi  Doha  QATAR is working with Afghanistan closely on bringing peace, building security and providing humanitarian help
Tribune News Network  DOHA  Sherborne Qatar School will work with United World Schools (UWS), a partner organisation of
© REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji Cho Hyun-min, a former Korean Air senior executive and the younger daughter of the airline's chairman Cho
By Mark Hosenball  President Donald Trump's nominee to lead the CIA, Gina Haspel, sought to withdraw over concerns about
WASHINGTON—Even by President Donald Trump's unpredictable and bare-knuckles style of negotiating, his economic team's visit to Beijing in recent days
Bhopal: A Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) lawmaker from Madhya Pradesh, who believes that "late marriages" are the reason behind "love
© Education Images/UIG via Getty Images FILE: State capitol building, Sacramento, California.  An anti-Semitic GOP Senate candidate was kicked
Britain will sizzle tomorrow on a record-breaking Bank Holiday.  After basking in a weekend of sunshine, it could be
Leading politicians from Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives want to pass a resolution at a meeting this week to reject any
New Hampshire Gov. Chris Sununu (R) is expected to sign a bill in the coming weeks that would ban discrimination
© Provided by AFP A view the island of Socotra in 2008  The United Arab Emirates, facing criticism from
(Bloomberg) -- Iran, faced with a possible restoration of U.S. sanctions, came out against higher oil prices, signaling a split
© Provided by Allure Media Pty Ltd  The governor of Hawaii has declared a local state of emergency in
© Fournis par AFP Spanish actor Javier Bardem says Iranian director Asghar Farhadi's "Everybody Knows" is more Spanish than many
© Dominic Lipinski—PA Images via Getty Images Alexander Nix, former CEO of Cambridge Analytica.  Cambridge Analytica, the data-driven electioneering
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan—A gunman opened fire on the country’s interior minister after a public meeting in his constituency Sunday, wounding him
© Victor J. Blue—Bloomberg via Getty Images Michael Cohen  Michael Cohen, President Donald Trump’s longtime personal lawyer and general-purpose
By Jane Wardell  © REUTERS/Edgar Su Office workers walk past the General Post Office building during lunchtime in Sydney
A heartbroken mum has told of the devastating moment her six-year-old daughter was diagnosed with a massive tumour doctors described
© FMT MEDIA SDN BHD  BUKIT MERTAJAM: Daim Zainuddin, expelled from Umno yesterday, fired a warning shot against his
Forty-five people died in an attack by armed bandits in northern Nigeria, civilian militia members said on Sunday, amid growing
Getty Images Afghan soldiers patrol Dand-e-Ghori district in Baghlan province in 2016 Afghan security forces struggle to control parts of
© Provided by Ethiopian News Agency - ENA Premier Abiy Heads for Nairobi for State Visit  Addis Ababa May
(Bloomberg) -- The chairman of the House Armed Services Committee said Sunday he “would counsel against” President Donald Trump pulling
© Reuters / Siphiwe Sibeko A police officer stands guard after a filling station was looted by protesters in Mahikeng.
A South African filmmaker was killed by a giraffe at a wildlife park near Pretoria.  Carlos Carvalho was on
© Adel Hana/AP Palestinian protesters run for cover from teargas fired by Israeli troops during a protest at the Gaza
The UAE maritime industry is seeking exemption from the value-added tax levied earlier this year in line with global practices
© Associated Newspapers (Ireland) Limited, t/a dmg Media Ireland  Will we ever see the day that we don’t get
© Provided by The Hill  Iran deal supporters and opponents are digging in for a fight over the nuclear
© Provided by NBCU News Group, a division of NBCUniversal Media LLC Image: France's President Emmanuel Macron reviews troopsFrench President
President Donald Trump’s recently installed top personal lawyer, Rudy Giuliani, said “we don’t have to” comply with a subpoena from
Nearly 1,600 protesters were arrested during anti-Putin protests across the country. Human rights groups have called on Russian authorities to
EXCLUSIVE: The Drac Pack is coming to Cannes. For the third year in a row, Sony’s marketing team is pulling
© Associated Newspapers (Ireland) Limited, t/a dmg Media Ireland  Saoirse Ronan, Liam Cunningham, Cillian Murphy, Aisling Bea and other
The Iraqi government carried out an airstrike in Syria targeting the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS), according to
© Bloomberg/Bloomberg Prime Minister Najib Razak Launches The Barisan Nasional Women Manifesto  (Bloomberg) -- In financial centers around the
A much talked about future trade deal between Australia and the UK could contribute to enormous "turmoil" in parts of
Canadian pipeline operator Enbridge has sued the Town of Weymouth in federal court, the company’s latest effort to gain a
With majorities in both the state House and Senate, Iowa Republican lawmakers can point to plenty of accomplishments as they
Arriving in Dubai in one’s mid-20ies with just US$3,000 in the pocket, and less than two decades later signing a
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited  Boris Johnson will travel to the United States as part
Ninalee Craig, the subject of the famous "American Girl in Italy" photograph that has been a longtime favorite image for
Here is some bad news for terrorists in the Kashmir. For all those jihadis hiding under burkas to escape from
Companies often choose to franchise when they have created a successful business model -- the more locations can bring in,
A refugee judge waited almost four years before rejecting the asylum claim of a Mexican family on the last day
By Tom Hals and Jessica DiNapoli  Bank of America Corp is preparing to provide critical financing to Remington Outdoor
© Provided by Independent Print Limited  A filmmaker was killed after being “headbutted” by a giraffe while filming at
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  (Provided by NDTV)  Top Hizbul commander and one of the
SINGA  The Singapore Business Council in Qatar (SBCQ) was launched at the Singapore Embassy in Qatar under the patronage
Until recently, Massachusetts students of limited means could readily find a path to the state’s flagship public university and earn
THEY are doctors who diagnose “patients” that are unable to speak for themselves.  © Provided by The Star Online
(TAP) - A study conducted by the Arab Organization for Agricultural Development (AOAD) revealed that the dates sector in Tunisia
© REUTERS/Axel Schmidt Andrea Nahles, leader of Social Democratic Party (SPD), addresses the lower house of parliament Bundestag in Berlin
By Tuvan Gumrukcu  The presidential candidate for Turkey's main opposition has hit out at a lack of mainstream media
Hawaii officials are evacuating areas of the Big Island following a series of earthquakes and volcanic activity that have put
PA Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson will have two days of talks with White House officials Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson will
Bolgatanga, May 5, GNA - The Upper Presbyteryof the Presbyterian Church of Ghana has called on government to consider aconcurrent
Bert Bowers had never seen anything like the EPA van. It pulled into the old Hunters Point Naval Shipyard in
In our second part this week, StarEducate looks at the education options for children who have Autism Spectrum Disorder. 
MALAYSIA aims to become the best choice of destination for higher education.  Higher Education Ministry secretary-general Tan Sri Dr
© Provided by The Hill  Aides to President Trump reportedly hired an Israeli private intelligence firm to dig up
© UC Berkeley As climate change continues to wreak havoc upon the Earth's weather patterns, formerly lush locales like the
© Provided by The Hill Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) said he regrets choosing former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin (R) to
© George Walker IV/AP Police originally went to the wrong Waffle House before arriving at the location where four people
By Byron Kaye  Australia's ANZ said it would quit paying bonuses to financial planners for selling its products, becoming
KUALA LUMPUR: Digital payments firm Soft Space Sdn Bhd (SSSB) has geared up to take its business to the next
© Provided by Independent Media 8 people died in a shack fire in Taiwan informal settlement in Site C. Picture:
© EMMERT/Getty Images/CNN  President Donald Trump took to Twitter on Monday to condemn former Secretary of State John Kerry
© Provided by Independent Media PATRICIA DE LILLE  Cape Town - Under-fire Cape Town mayor Patricia de Lille on
© Provided by Business Insider kim jong un computer  North Korean leader Kim Jong Un received a USB drive
© Provided by CNN  Maryland Republican Gov. Larry Hogan will sign a bill this week granting scholarships to low-
© Rex/Shutterstock Frankie Dettori following victory in the 2017 Qatar Prix de L’Arc de Triomphe on Enable.  Enable has
Around 8,000 U.S. and Philippine soldiers kicked off joint military drills Monday, the largest held so far under the Asian
Gerhard Schröder's prominent place at Vladimir Putin's swearing in has raised eyebrows in Germany and abroad. Schröder, the chairman of
The Emirates Group will post "good results" for its 2017-18 financial years, said Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al Maktoum, chairman
Liam Neeson has written a powerful article on why "men must stand with women" and vote YES in the abortion
© Austen Leake/The Tribune-Star via AP Indiana State Police Sgt. Joe Watts, left, consoles Terre Haute Chief of Police John
A newspaper seen as Cambodia's last independent English daily has been sold to a Malaysian businessman, sparking fresh concerns about
Egypt's solitary confinement of political prisoners, some for weeks, some even years, amounts to "torture," concludes Amnesty International. The London-based
© Provided by AFP Vietnamese former state oil executive Trinh Xuan Thanh withdrew his appeal and failed to appear in
© Provided by Independent Print Limited Sadiq Khan has vowed to “work ceaselessly to tackle violent crime” in the capital
President Donald Trump blasted former Secretary of State John Kerry on Monday morning, several days after a Globe story detailed
© Provided by Business Insider mitch mcconnell donald trump  Republicans in tough 2018 midterm races are talking less and
Leading family businesses from Middle East and North Africa (Mena) assembled in Dubai recently to discuss digital transformation and disruption
Monster Beverage Corporation MNST is slated to release first-quarter 2018 numbers on May 8, after the closing bell. In the
© Provided by NBCU News Group, a division of NBCUniversal Media LLC Image: Trump holds a round table discussion in
© Provided by NewsCred CF Goldman Is Seeking Interns In New York, NY  CF Goldman is looking for interns
© Provided by The Star Online  PETALING JAYA: With less than 48 hours before Malaysia heads to the polls,
© Provided by AFP A Copenhagen district court on April 25 sentenced Peter Madsen to life in prison for murdering
© U.S. Geological Survey via AP This U.S. Geological Survey photo shows the lava lake at the summit of Kilauea
The Trump administration is seeking to complete its overhaul of the North American Free Trade Agreement with new rules that
© Provided by Al Jazeera Residents of the island say there is no Houthi presence in Socotra, which gives UAE
Airports across the globe would be struggling due to capacity constraints in the coming years except those in Dubai, Mideast
Addis Ababa May 07/2018 Leaders of Ethiopia and Kenya today agreed to enhance cooperation in order to enhance the strategic
The conference sessions of Canadian Music Week taking place in Toronto May 9-12 include expansive discussions of the concert business
Who doesn’t enjoy a personal success story, or some “for your ears only” insight into life as an astronaut, an
© Provided by India Today Sonam Kapoor has found her Mr Right in Anand Ahuja, and the two lovebirds are
© REUTERS/Umit Bektas A child stands as women walk through a narrow back alley of Sur, a historical district of
© Getty Images/AFP/Sputnik/M. Klimentyev  Following his election win in March, Vladimir Putin will once again be inaugurated as president
By Amy Sawitta Lefevre  The purchase of The Phnom Penh Post by a Malaysian whose public relations firm lists
A North Country police department is warning drivers after multiple car accidents where vehicles collided with moose.  Carroll police
© Provided by Allure Media Pty Ltd Screenshot: Overwatch League (Twitch)  After dancing around each other as the two
© Alex Wong Image: Mitch McConnell and Neil GorsuchU.S. Senate Majority Leader Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-KY) meets with Supreme Court
After months of mudslinging and a war of words, the cold relation between US president Donald Trump and North Korean
© Provided by AFP Lebanese officials count votes at a polling centre in Beirut after the country's first parliamentary elections
reo  The Government is refusing to back a major priority for the Green Party: compulsory teMāori in schools. 
© Spencer Platt/Getty Images North America/Getty Images MORGANTOWN, WV - MARCH 01: Republican candidate for U.S. Senate Don Blankenship speaks
The following is a statement from Permodalan Nasional Bhd chairman and former Minister in the Prime Minister’s Department Tan Sri
© Provided by NBCU News Group, a division of NBCUniversal Media LLC Image: Britain's Boris Johnson is in Washington Monday.British
© Mark Wilson—Getty Images House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes (R-CA) (R), and ranking member Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA) speak
A U.K. regulatory agency ordered research firm Cambridge Analytica to hand over its data on an American voter last week.
© via YouTube  Despite some unorthodox behavior from Elon Musk during the last quarterly earnings call, good news came
© Provided by Business Insider Kim Jong Un Moon Jae-In handshake DMZ summit Korea Summit Press Pool/Getty Images  North
© Provided by Business Insider Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan attends his ruling AK Party's Istanbul congress, Turkey May 6, 2018.
Artist Marcio Carvalho picked monuments dedicated to Germany's first chancellor, Otto Von Bismarck, and King Carlos I from Portugal for
© REUTERS/Mohamed Azakir A Lebanese election official empties a ballot box after the polling station closed during Lebanon's parliamentary election,
A mineral that can only exist in the presence of water has been found on a lunar meteorite, sparking debate
The UN said rocket and heavy machine guns from Afghan Air Force helicopters killed and wounded scores of people during
A Green Party MP says there is no evidence people smugglers are targeting our shores.  Australia's Home Affairs Minister
© REUTERS/Rick Wilking/File Photo FILE PHOTO: Warren Buffett, CEO of Berkshire Hathaway Inc, pauses while playing bridge as part of
© Provided by Business Insider Inc  Aides to President Donald Trump reportedly hired a private Israeli intelligence agency to
© Provided by Bauer Media Pty Ltd Meghan and Jessica, who could pass as sisters, are reportedly inseparable. Meghan Markle
© Provided by Associated Newspapers Limited Fiona O'Loughlin (pictured left) spoke to Emma Carey (pictured right) asking if she was
Video provided by Buzz60  Meghan Markle's mom is preparing to speak out.  That's the word from Britain where
© Facebook A 13-year-old from Alabama who was declared brain dead for 15 minutes has made a miraculous recovery, coming
© Provided by Cover Media Elizabeth Hurley has been left shaken after burglars targeted her English country mansion.  The
© Swabs Swabs  Whenever you come across cotton swabs, your mind is bound to associate it with the image
© Provided by Bauer Media Pty Ltd The doting dad has admitted he hides his anxiety behind his humour. Peering
© RNZ / Richard Tindiller Tax Freedom Day has come a day later than last year, because of people edging
© FCA  In what seems to be a premeditated and well-planned operation, a group of individuals reportedly broke into
© Andrew Burton/Getty Images Ray Gerish, a floor hand for Raven Drilling, works on an oil rig drilling into the
© Provided by Independent Media  Kabul (dpa) - Thirty-six people, 30 of them children, were killed in an airstrike
© Provided by CQ Roll Call, Inc. Don Blankenship, right, who is running for the Republican nomination for Senate in
A UN report has found that 30 children were killed and 51 injured in an Afghan air strike last month
© PID/ AFP/Getty Images In this handout photograph released by the Press Information Department Punjab on May 6, 2018, injured
© Joe Burbank/Pool/Getty Images SANFORD, FL - APRIL 30: George Zimmerman (C), defendant in the killing of Trayvon Martin, stands
It's a fireworks display like no other.  < PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 5 NEXT SLIDE > In this
© Ryan Remiorz/Canadian Press Mobile phone users in Quebec who have The Weather Network app downloaded on their phones received
© benkrut / iStock  Placing an accurate dollar value on America’s land, whether it has priceless natural features such
(Bloomberg) -- More women are running for governor in the U.S. this year than ever before, spurred by a Democratic
© CNN  Fewer than half of registered voters turned up to cast their ballots in Lebanon's first parliamentary election
Recent budget policy decisions in both the United States and Germany would suggest that the two countries are on a
© Provided by The Hill  The White House on Monday pushed back against reports that first lady Melania Trump
Louisiana is now home to one more frog species, and that's a problem. According to Popular Science, scientists have found
House lawmakers are warning against Turkey's potential purchase of a Russian weapons system in a new provision that could temporarily
© Provided by TIME Inc.  With finals right around the corner, college students across the country will eat countless
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  © Mark Clavin Featured Image  One Run Through Italian Woods
With two Cessna 172s, Flyinn had picked us up at the Queenstown Airport after shuttling our bags over from the
© Provided by AFP US independent auditor John Sopko said foreign donors have flooded Afghanistan with more money than it
© Frank Lukasseck/Getty Images  As the saying has it, there are three suns that shine on the Lavaux vineyard
© Deutsche Welle  The rest of the world rubs its eyes in astonishment. In just under three decades, China
© Provided by AFP Britain's Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has travelled to Washington to speak with US officials  Boris
The price of vanilla has soared over the last two years, sending a chill down the spine of UK ice
(Bloomberg) -- U.S. oil prices fell back below $70 a barrel after President Donald Trump tweeted that he would announce
SAN DIEGO — The Republican Party’s chances of holding onto the House may have taken a hit over the weekend,
© BBC Li Zhong left China looking for a better life  "Who wants to earn some money?"  It
Republican Sen. John McCain reportedly doesn’t want President Donald Trump to come to his funeral.  According to a new
BRIDGEPORT — Having sunk several million dollars into lobbying to build a casino in Connecticut’s largest city, MGM Resorts International
© Associated Newspapers There were 10.08 million cattle in the New Zealand in 2017, according to Stats New Zealand New
© Provided by The New Indian Express  KOCHI: The spike in crude oil prices by 65 per cent since
© Steve Helber / AP 2018 Midterms West Virginia Senate  Ex-coal CEO and West Virginia senate candidate Don Blankenship
Donald Trump’s newest attorney Rudy Giuliani was a special guest on This Week with George Stephanopoulos Sunday to clarify a
CHARLESTON, W.Va. -- In a tweet on Monday, President Trump urged Republican voters in West Virginia not to vote for
President Donald Trump gave a rundown of his thinking about the twin probes into possible wrongdoing from his campaign and
Ugandan authorities are hunting for a leopard in Queen Elizabeth National park which is feared to have developed a taste
© Provided by WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post  The recent eruption of Hawaii’s Kilauea has generated apocalyptic
Back in Spain’s boom times, when housing developments and industrial parks were being planned all over the country, the O
By Gavin Jones and Crispian Balmer  President Sergio Mattarella called on Monday for Italy's bickering parties to rally behind
Nikolas Cruz was prescribed a three day stay with PROMISE after he committed vandalism at Westglades Middle School in 2013.
© Provided by Business Insider kensington palace map Samantha Lee/Business Insider  Kensington Palace, next to London's Hyde Park, is
Plastic garbage collecting in our oceans is hazardous to marine life and public health. In other words, it's hazardous waste.
© Provided by Business Insider Miss Belarus Reuters/Vasily Fedosenko  Here is what you need to know.  Some of
© Provided by Private Media Operations Pty Ltd. Trike Bike  It’s been about a month since Amazon Australia directly
By Tom Perry, Laila Bassam and Ellen Francis  Hezbollah and its political allies made significant gains in Lebanon's parliamentary
© Provided by The Hill  Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan (R) is planning to sign a bill next week that
© Provided by Albawaba.com The contribution was personally made by Aldar’s Chairman, His Excellency Mohamed Khalifa Al Mubarak, at a
© RNZ / Claire Eastham-Farrelly no caption A panel of experts has issued advice saying there's no evidence the chemicals
© Provided by Albawaba.com Dr. Nicola Ryley, Chief Nursing Officer at HMC  During a day-long education and celebratory event
© Provided by The Hill U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Sunday that she won't defend
President Trump on Monday slammed former Secretary of State John Kerry for reportedly working to save the Iran nuclear deal.
© Provided by Independent Media Zimbabwe's first lady Auxillia Mnangagwa at the opening ceremony of the Sixth Ordinary Session of
A 7-year-old child and a woman were killed in a boat crash Saturday on the Piscataqua River, officials said. 
© Associated Newspapers (Ireland) Limited, t/a dmg Media Ireland  Irish blogger Terrie McEvoy has announced she and long-term boyfriend
By Stephanie Nebehay  The first vaccine campaign against cholera in Yemen has started, 18 months after war and a
With the support of the UAE Armed Forces, the Yemeni giant's brigade forces have taken full control of Al Mocha
© Provided by The Hill Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee are gearing up to release more than 3,000 Facebook
© FMT MEDIA SDN BHD  SUBANG JAYA: She may be the successor to the popular Hannah Yeoh in Subang
A herd of bison is grazing in a field in southeast Wisconsin, and Pat Kummrow of Battle Creek Beef &
Before you dive into a bowl of fresh guacamole, you may want to check you bag of tortilla chips —
The National Rifle Association on Monday named as its next president retired U.S. Marine Colonel Oliver North, a conservative commentator
The Weinstein Co. is looking to get court approval on Tuesday for a sale to Lantern Capital Partners. But to
© Atsushi Tomura/Getty Images Canadians with LTE service on their mobile devices will be getting an emergency alert message this
© AFP Contributor—AFP/Getty Images Macron's government announced its plan as the new president ensures plummeting popularity.  Air France-KLM, one
© Photograph by Patrick T. Fallon—Bloomberg via Getty Images A SolarCity employee installs a solar panel on the roof of
© Provided by Allure Media Pty Ltd  The eruption of the Mount Kilauea volcano on Hawaii's Big Island has
You know how awkward it is when you love to socialize with a group of couples but there's that one
Russian President Vladimir Putin was officially given the top job in his country for six more years on Monday, cementing
© Newshub. Auckland's volcanic field. New Zealand scientists are monitoring Hawaii's volcanic eruptions in the hope it will help us
Every military entity has its own unique battlefield to fight upon. The core task is to protect the homeland. Countries
By Marianna Parraga and Gary McWilliams  ConocoPhillips (COP.N) is expected to renew an effort to temporarily seize Venezuela's PDVSA
© Herb Snitzer/Getty Images  Tennessee Williams was always writing. Born in Columbus, Mississippi, in 1911, and raised in St.
© REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton/File Photo FILE PHOTO: Nigerian President Buhari addresses the 72nd United Nations General Assembly at U.N. headquarters in
© Provided by AFP Emergency responders move equipment near Savannah, Georgia, where an Air National Guard C-130 cargo plane crashed
© Provided by TIME Inc.  Tori Spelling and Dean McDermott just reached another milestone in their marriage.  The
© Supplied  A cool $50 million in "seed funding" will reportedly be allocated for the establishment of an Australian
Ali Zainal, French ambassador Eric Chevallier and Dr Omar al-Ansari  More than 100 participants from 36 institutions in Qatar
© Provided by Daily Maverick 2018-05-07-eskom-puts-the-brakes-on-gupta-insider-mark-pamenskys-r1-million-plus-legal-bill  Editor’s note: The opinions in this article are the author’s, as published by
Senior German conservatives want to set up new "values lessons" for refugee children in German schools, according to a newspaper
© Provided by AFP Afghans walk near a religious school as Taliban flags fly after an airstrike in Dasht-e Archi
Mosquitos are more than pesky insects that cause itchy bites, they can carry dangerous and deadly infections.  The same
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited Rodin is not an artist you turn to for beauty. He
Suspected car thieves fleeing police in South Africa drove straight into the grounds of a notorious maximum-security prison that once
© Hitekani Magwedze/EWN FILE: Former Higher Education Deputy Minister Mduduzi Manana at the Randburg Magistrates Court on 13 November 2017
Nairobi May 07/2018 Ethiopia and Kenya have agreed to consolidate their age-long and multi-faceted relationship.  Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed,
The Australian government is accusing New Zealand of being a gateway destination for people smugglers.  It also alleges that
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has appealed to U.S. President Donald Trump not to pull out of the Iran nuclear
© AP Photo/Teresa Crawford  Before he settled into brush with a pistol and took aim at passing cars on
OTTAWA–The Liberal government is reversing course on its pick for the next head of Elections Canada with just over a
© Erik Pendzich/REX/Shutterstock Paris Hilton attends the Beautycon Festival in New York City on April 21, 2018.  The woman
© Bauer Media Group (NZ) LP Karl Ove Knausgård: the poster boy of modern letters. Photo/Alamy  Norwegian literary luminary
© Provided by AFP More than 100 migrants were stranded at sea for nearly 48 hours awaiting permission to head
© Lucas Jackson / Reuters Retired Lt. Col. Oliver North, who spoke at the National Rife Association convention in Dallas
How do you thank someone for buying your jockstrap? If you’re Russell Crowe, you donate to a study on the
© Bloomberg/Bloomberg The `Mean and Lean' Bank Culture That Fed a Dirty Money Scandal  (Bloomberg) -- Denmark’s biggest bank
(Bloomberg) -- U.K. Foreign Minister Boris Johnson is in Washington this week to make a last-ditch argument to persuade President
By Jess Macy Yu and Jeanny Kao  Taiwanese chip designer Mediatek Inc has received an export permit from the
© AFP/Getty Images Indonesian Muslims take part in a protest against a law that led to the banning of Hizb
Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao's numerous appearances in interviews with her father - who founded and chairs the Foremost Group shipping
© Provided by AFP The trial of American pastor Andrew Brunson on charges of terror links and spying -- which
© The Edge Communications Sdn Mhd  (May 7): Senior Chinese and American officials concluded two days of negotiations on
New volcanic fissures have opened up on Hawaii's Big Island, with the number of homes destroyed by lava jumping to
China's "huge" trade imbalance with the United States is a structural and long-term problem and should be viewed with rationality,
New Delhi: A petition on the impeachment move against Chief Justice of India Dipak Misra, rejected recently by Vice President
Highly-skilled Highly-skilled immigrants are being wrongly dubbed as terrorists so they can be deported allege MPs and experts in the
William Shatner addressed 1,180 New England Institute of Technology graduates during their 2018 commencement on Sunday at the Dunkin’ Donuts
© Provided by Al Jazeera Eyewitnesses said fighter jets bombed Sanaa several times around midday [Khaled Abdullah/Reuters]  A Saudi-led
By Rupam Jain  Afghanistan's poverty rate has worsened sharply over the past five years as the economy has stalled
© Jerusalem Municipality via AP In this photo released by the Jerusalem Municipality, Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat poses with a
© Mahmud Hams/AFP/Getty Images Paramedics carry away an injured Palestinian protester on a stretcher during clashes with Israeli forces along
© FMT MEDIA SDN BHD  © FMT MEDIA SDN BHD I believe that every event and person can teach
Davida Coady never gave up on people, even after they gave up on themselves.  She mortgaged her house to
By Sankalp Phartiyal and Nivedita Bhattacharjee  Walmart (WMT.N) is likely to announce its much-anticipated deal to buy a controlling
China's ZTE Corp (0763.HK) (000063.SZ) has submitted an application to the U.S. Commerce Department's Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS)
© The Edge Communications Sdn Mhd  NATIONAL Bank of Abu Dhabi Malaysia Bhd (NABD Malaysia) is expected to close
SEOUL, May 7 (Yonhap) -- South Korea and China on Monday held their first working-level defense talks in over two
Egypt's state prosecutor said on Monday a team of Italian experts would go to Cairo next week to take part
By Trevor Hunnicutt  Four Mexican presidential campaigns are meeting on Monday with BlackRock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink, the
The move echoes European calls for a postponement of the May 20 election amid the chaos enveloping the South American
© Provided by Trinity Mirror Plc Credits: Google  A Syrian refugee was stabbed six times in a horror racist
© REUTERS/Khaled Abdullah A Houthi militant tries to block people from entering a street where the presidential compound was hit
More Africans than ever before have electricity but there are still 600 million on the continent without it. The household
© REUTERS/Ints Kalnins A logo of the ABLV Bank is pictured in Riga  By Gederts Gelzis and John O'Donnell
© Provided by AFP Trading in ZTE shares in Hong Kong and Shenzhen has been halted since the US slapped
© Provided by France 24 EN Michele Siblioni, AFP | Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni at the State House in Entebbbe
© Provided by IBT US  The meeting between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un may
© Provided by The Hill  A former Kentucky judge has been sentenced to 20 years in prison on human
Eva Longoria celebrated her baby shower on Saturday afternoon with a bevvy of Hollywood stars.  Eva, 43, is expecting
© Get.com Pte Ltd.  This article was originally on GET.com at: Norwegian Cruise Line Launches First Cruise From Port
Convicted killer Peter Madsen will not appeal the verdict for the murder of journalist Kim Wall.  Madsen, a 47-year
Just over a year ago, I reported on the great job Jesse Messom had done custom welding and fabricating the
Lobster prices are high in the U.S. right now, but members of the industry expect them to come down soon
A small band of Belgian monks are planning to start producing their own beer again, more than 200 years after
Boris Johnson, the Foreign Secretary, has warned President Donald Trump that backing out of the Iran nuclear deal could spark
© Free Malaysia Today Time for a leap of faith come Election Day  By Gayatri Unsworth  Many of
It’s hard to deny that port has an image problem. Many of us are partial to a glass of the
UAE has provided millions in dollars in aid to small island as Qatar’s Al-Jazeera criticizes Abu Dhabi for its role
By Ayenat Mersie  Oil prices rose to their highest levels since late 2014 on Monday, boosted by the latest
Last Thursday, the CBC reported Toronto Police had closely monitored Black activists within Black Lives Matter during the group’s 2016
© HBO It’s official: Ser Gregor “The Moutain” Clegane is the strongest man in the world.  Game of Thrones
Bermuda, the Cayman Islands and the British Virgin Islands — notorious offshore tax havens where shell companies shield billions of
KUALA LUMPUR: The following factors are likely to influence Malaysian palm oil futures and other vegetable oil markets on Monday
On the second night of a jaunt through Rome, EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt blocked off two hours of his schedule
© Provided by TIME Inc.  You may think you know tequila—the star of margs on taco night, the bracing
Could Heron Bay actually be the most exquisite house there is? We shouldn’t be afraid to ask silly questions, especially
© Bloomberg/Bloomberg (Bloomberg) -- After a strong showing in March, gun sales were down last month.  While there is
© Bloomberg—Bloomberg via Getty Images  We’ve all probably done it—messaged a friend about job drama or something personal while
"A real he-man's car, the 2+2 combines muscle and grace, in huge proportions." That's how Motor Trend magazine described the
© CBC Mitch LaPrade, right, receives chemotherapy at the Ottawa Hospital April 24, to treat chronic lymphocytic leukemia. In a
Teen (17) charged with carrying out 'sickening' drill attack on woman A 17-year-old has been charged with attacking a woman
© Provided by Business Insider Inc ben stiller zoolander optical illusion hybird People online are freaking out over a creepy
© Provided by The Press Association Jeremy Corbyn faces a Brexit headache (Andrew Matthews/PA)  Labour risked a damaging split
Whether in Mali, Niger or Nigeria, the nomadic Fulani herders often find themselves in conflict with farmers over scarce resources.
© Provided by AFP At least 45 people have been killed during protests against Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega, according to
© Image: AAP; Video: Newshub Jacinda Ardern met with Hillary Clinton.  Hillary Clinton is warning of Chinese efforts to
© Bloomberg/Bloomberg Sprint Corp. and T-Mobile US Inc. Locations As Concerns Merger Will Get Shot Down  (Bloomberg) -- Last
© Bal Brach/CBC News Pam Zhao, left, and Weymi Cho, right, are former cast members of the online reality web
Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Monday that Germany and France agreed on most fundamental issues related to Europe but the
By A. Ananthalakshmi and Emily Chow  With two days to go for Malaysia's general election, politicians are battling for
Vladimir Putin has vowed that Russia will be a "strong, muscular player" as he was sworn in for his fourth
By Parisa Hafezi  President Hassan Rouhani hinted on Monday that Iran could remain in its 2015 nuclear deal with
Meghan Markle's proud parents will be there to give her support on the day she marries Prince Harry.  The
Rudy Giuliani told The Washington Post that President Trump's legal team feels "pretty good" after the former New York mayor's
By Robin Emmott  A broad European military strategy involving Britain after Brexit has started to take shape with France
© Provided by Independent Print Limited Three men were rushed to hospital after a suspected acid attack in east London.
Italian researchers have found no hidden chamber behind the tomb of ancient Egypt's King Tutankhamun. This means the final resting
PETALING JAYA: Wanita Umno chief Datuk Seri Shahrizat Abdul Jalil has penned a letter to all Malaysians in view of
© Submitted Police, ambulance, fire and coast guard officials were all involved in a dramatic rescue on Signal Hill Sunday
© CBC John Risley, the co-founder of Clearwater, called the East Coast fishery 'myopic and backward looking.'  One of
(Bloomberg) -- Australia’s leader Malcolm Turnbull will use Tuesday’s budget to try and woo back disaffected voters before Donald Trump
© REUTERS/Joshua Roberts Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani speaks at the 2018 Iran Freedom Convention in Washington, U.S., May
The State Department says that President Trump's new lawyer Rudy Giuliani does not speak for the White House on matters
© David L. Ryan/Globe Staff/file The Wynn casino, seen in a photo taken in early November.  Casino giant Wynn
From left: Metin Kazak, Bulgarian ambassador; Michele Cervone d’Urso; Bahia Tahzib, Netherlands ambassador and Olivier Deseez outline the details of
Washington’s European allies were bracing for the U.S. to withdraw from the Iran nuclear accord, after President Donald Trump said
© REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton/File Photo FILE PHOTO: Nigerian President Buhari addresses the 72nd United Nations General Assembly at U.N. headquarters in
© Courtesy of Ample Hills.  A startup is a rapidly evolving organism. Things change, and, if everything is going
© Anwar Amro—AFP/Getty Images A Lebanese woman casts her ballot in a box as she votes at a polling station
Fights near polling stations marred Lebanon's first parliamentary vote in nine years, with parties still separated by religious divides. Despite
© Provided by AFP Britain, France and Germany urge Washington to stick with the Iran nuclear accord after Iranian president
© Provided by BusinessWorld New York’s Plaza Hotel to go global after $600-M sale  Boracay shutdown. Bungled OFW rescue
Neighborhoods on Hawaii’s Big Island looked less like paradise and more like a nightmare after the Kilauea volcano erupted last
© The Edge Communications Sdn Mhd  BOGOR, Indonesia (May 7): China is open to increasing its import quota of
© FMT MEDIA SDN BHD  PETALING JAYA: DAP’s Batu Kawan incumbent Kasthuri Patto has applauded women, especially mothers, for
In late April, it was rumored that the grandson of Mao Zedong, China’s founding father, was among the 32 Chinese
© REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst RTX5XB8Y President Donald Trump could start a war if he chooses to fully withdraw from the Iran
© Business Insider Shinzo Abe    Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his wife had their dinner with
© Erik Pendzich/REX/Shutterstock; Broadimage/REX/Shutterstock  Gwyneth Paltrow was at her fiancé’s side during his father’s funeral this weekend.  The
© Provided by The Hill  Medicaid beneficiaries in New Hampshire will have to work, attend school or perform community
Retired U.S. Marine Corps Lieutenant Colonel Oliver North will become the new president of the National Rifle Association, the gun
© Provided by Free Daily News Group Inc An example of the Jaguar S-Type 4.2 — a similar model to
© Provided by Hearst Communications, Inc When the Duchess of Cambridge arrives at her brother-in-law Prince Harry's wedding on May
© Elizabeth Conley Steve Armstrong of Cleveland, Texas, watches a small screen on his table as he wagers and watches
© Provided by Business Insider Inc adam bell prom @artbyadamgregory/Instagram  Adam Bell, an openly gay 18-year-old, wore a skirt,
© TODAY A Generic Photo of a doctor examining a mole which could be skin cancer.A Generic Photo of a
Nine Kenyan soldiers were killed in southern Somalia when their convoy hit a roadside bomb, authorities said Monday, in an
© Provided by Allure Media Pty Ltd  Georgia Governor Nathan Deal has until Tuesday to decide whether to approve
J&K Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti has said there is “absolutely no need for a CBI probe” into the rape and
© Provided by NDTV 24x7 akhilesh  Bengaluru: Mayawati, the Dalit powerhouse of Uttar Pradesh, has told NDTV in an
The People’s Liberation Army-Navy (PLAN) is here to stay in the Indian Ocean and its military movement has fuelled concerns
© Provided by Hindustan Times  Stepping up the attack against Chief Minister Siddaramaiah, BJP today accused him of ‘aiding,
(Bloomberg) -- The grain liquor that is China’s national spirit is known for its potency. To investors, the companies that
© 7 News Joe and Lizzie Sabo A Queensland couple has been devastated by the senseless shooting of their pet
© RNZ / Claire Eastham-Farrelly When Kamo High School student Mia Dunn committed suicide, just age 14, her death not
© Jennifer Gauthier David Eby, NDP MLA for Vancouver Point Grey and B.C.’sAttorney-General.  VANCOUVER—One of Canada’s top international anti-money
"Ah, this is a long story!” laughs Ghassan Aboud, when I cheekily ask him to tell me a succinct version
Israel would rather face a military confrontation with Iran “now than later”, Benjamin Netanyahu said Sunday, as both supporters and
Former Donald Trump campaign adviser Carer Page has claimed that the Senate Intelligence Committee literally tortured him during their investigation
The event was held at Gere's estate in Pound Ridge, New York, and according to People, the "intimate gathering"—with guests
© Provided by eNCA Parliament, 28 February 2018 - The DA wants former SAA board chairperson Dudu Myeni to be
© Provided by Associated Newspapers Limited President Donald Trump is blasting former Secretary of State John Kerry for conducting 'shadow
Video provided by Wochit Entertainment  Johnny Depp has been accused of more bad behavior.  According to a new
© Scott J. Ferrell—Congressional Quarterly/Getty Images Robert M. McDowell, a Federal Communications Commission (FCC) commissioner, during a House hearing on
© Provided by The Hill  Former Trump campaign adviser Carter Page is comparing his experience with the Senate Intelligence
The commission has "complete freedom" to investigate the deaths of 45 people during protests, many of them students. The government
By Denis Pinchuk and Darya Korsunskaya  Vladimir Putin was sworn in for another six years as Russian president on
For most of the Royal Canadian Air Force’s helicopter crews, the job is a pain in the neck.  A
© Provided by Malay Mail Independent parliamentary candidate for Batu, P. Prabakaran, speaks during a campaign rally in Sentul May
© Provided by Corus Media Holdings, Inc. WWE  Glenn Jacobs, the hulking 7-foot wrestler who was one of the
Dubai's trade for auto parts and accessories was valued at Dh39.9 billion in 2017, a 3 per cent increase over
President Donald Trump's nominee to lead the CIA, Gina Haspel, has offered to withdraw over concerns about her role in
© Provided by Business Insider Kim Jon Un Moon Jae-In dinner DMZ Korea Summit Press Pool2/Getty Images  Kim Jong
By John Chalmers and Praveen Menon  Malaysia's general election this week will be an extraordinary contest, pitting a 92-year-old
The Yawkey Way signs outside Fenway Park came down last week — removed at the crack of dawn, like when
© Paul Chiasson/Canadian Press Immigration Minister Ahmed Hussen and Public Safety Minsiter Ralph Goodale were in Montreal on Monday to
© Jeff McIntosh/Canadian Press One of the attractions of investing in the Canadian energy sector was its politics and regulatory
Shares in Air France fell 14% in early Monday trading, reacting to the latest events at the troubled airline. 
© Science Photo Library/Shutterstock Rates of HTLV-1, an ancient virus called the cousin of HIV, are exceeding 40% among adults
© Provided by Trinity Mirror Plc  Deliveroo is spending £10 million to equip 35,000 riders with free accident insurance.
INTERIOR TO SEND OFFICERS TO HELP BORDER PATROL: The Interior Department is sending its law enforcement officers to help the
It's a story that sounds too odd to be true: a hosting world leader offends his foreign leader guest with
© Jeff Chiu / Associated Press  A California Supreme Court justice, dissenting Monday in a death penalty decision, called
Iceland has been at the forefront of driving sustainability initiatives in the retail industry. This includes the ­frozen food chain’s
© Provided by Albawaba.com During the event, Mr. Tareq Al-Saleh, Assistant General Manager for Investments at Gulf Bank, discussed financial
© Businessworld LTFRB to study allowing TNVS outside Metro Manila  THE LAND Transportation Franchising and Regulatory Board (LTFRB) on
© Provided by NewsCred Doryn Wallach Jewelry Is Seeking A Social Media Intern In New York, NY  Be part
Video by CNBC  Future medical expenses haunt the imaginations of millions of Americans. In fact, paying for health care
© REUTERS/David Gray/File Photo FILE PHOTO: A pedestrian walks past the main entrance to the Reserve Bank of New Zealand
© Provided by Business Insider Cambodia's Prime Minister Hun Sen attends a meeting with garment workers, on the outskirts of
ST. JOHN'S, N.L. - Uncertainty over federal efforts to protect marine areas has "stranded" offshore oil investment as Newfoundland and
© AP In this Jan. 4, 2014 photo, Donisha Prendergast, the eldest granddaughter of reggae icon Bob Marley, speaks during
AUSTIN — Lupe Valdez and Andrew White will debate at an Austin Episcopal church at 7 p.m. Friday in their
President Donald Trump has confirmed the withdrawal of the US from the Iran nuclear accord.  The US president spoke
© Independent Digital News & Media The Royal Court of Justice.  Rogue immigration solicitors are exploiting vulnerable migrants by
© PA Theresa May attending church on Sunday near her Maidenhead constituency.  Theresa May is facing renewed cross-party pressure
© Provided by AFP A US-made Israeli air force C-130 Hercules transport aircraft flies over during an air show as
© Provided by Business Insider China kids classroom exercises VCG/VCG via Getty Images)  The education department of New South
© Provided by WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post  Editor’s note: The opinions in this article are the
Germany is pushing ahead with its plans to buy six Lockheed Martin C-130J Hercules aircraft, including three KC-130J tankers, as
By Praveen Menon and A. Ananthalakshmi  Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak's ruling coalition has lost more ground in the
© AP In this photo taken on Saturday, Zanele Ndlovu, center, and Jamie Fox hold hands on their wedding day
By Margarita Antidze  © REUTERS/Vahram Baghdasaryan/Photolure Newly elected Prime Minister of Armenia Nikol Pashinyan addresses supporters in Yerevan 
© shutterstock  Here's what you might have missed on CNN today:  -- President Donald Trump announced that the
© REUTERS/Francois Lenoir/File Photo FILE PHOTO: Britain's PM May, French President Macron and German Chancellor Merkel meet at the EU
© Getty JORDAN-US-DIPLOMACY  U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is on his way to North Korea to prepare for
© Provided by Business Insider US Navy aircraft carrier USS Lexington World War II Pacific Hulton Archive/Getty Images  The
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is traveling to North Korea on Tuesday ahead of a planned summit between President Trump
KUALA LUMPUR: Malaysia is one of the few countries in the world that have already succeeded in achieving United Nation’s
Virgin Money is mulling a proposed takeover bid from the owner of Clydesdale Bank and Yorkshire Bank which would value
The first televised debate of the 2018 campaign season turned out to be an election double-header — two debates in
(Bloomberg) -- Japan Airlines Co. is examining setting up a new low-fare carrier to increase capacity and take on rising
The three Spanish firefighters and two Danish men have been acquitted on charges of attempting to illegally bring migrants to
© Provided by Cover Media Top comedy awards handed to disgraced funnyman Bill Cosby have been rescinded following his recent
By Margarita Antidze and Hasmik Mkrtchyan  © REUTERS/Hayk Baghdasaryan/Photolure Supporters of Armenian protest leader Pashinyan gather as parliament holds
It doesn't seem that long ago that we all lived in fear of the Ebola virus as it spread across
© Provided by Al Jazeera Turkey plans to purchase about 100 joint strike fighter jets, also known as the F-35
Belgian politicians and animal rights activists have slammed the gassing of 20,000 chicks at Brussels airport. The animals were meant
© Getty images After six and a half months and more than 3000 kilometres of dogged walking, actor Bruce Hopkins
© ShutterStock (file.) Two men are still in hospital after being assaulted in an "absolutely appalling" attack by a group
© The Associated Press Rudy Giuliani, center, an attorney for U.S. President Donald Trump, leaves after speaking at the Iran
© Provided by Albawaba.com Mr. Majed Essa Al Ajeel, Chairman of Burgan Bank Group  Burgan Bank Group announced today
© Eduardo Lima Maria Sandu, 78, and her husband may have to close their Kensington Market spice and dry goods
© Provided by Private Media Operations Pty Ltd.  The government’s failure to do anything of any substance in relation
© Spencer Platt/Getty Images North America/Getty Images MORGANTOWN, WV - MARCH 01: Republican candidate for U.S. Senate Don Blankenship speaks
Credit-monitoring firm Equifax Inc (EFX.N) said on Monday it has sent a letter to several U.S. Congressional committees providing additional
© Free Malaysia Today Muhyiddin to defend Pagoh, will face PAS ulama chief in Gambir  MUAR: PPBM president Muhyiddin
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 3 NEXT SLIDE > In this photo released by U.S. Geological Survey, a plume
© Autocar Audi has discovered 'irregularities' in the engine management software of some of its models  Audi has halted
© Provided by AFP Richard Grenell, US ambassador to Germany who formally took his position Tuesday at a time of
© The Edge Communications Sdn Mhd  CIMB Group Holdings Bhd’s asset quality has improved substantially in Indonesia but pressures
© Getty A stock photo of patients in a hospital  Private hospitals have been given two weeks to come
WASHINGTON — Former CIA case officer John Maguire, who backs President Trump, has almost nothing in common politically with John
© Provided by Albawaba.com ADFD has financed development projects to the tune of about AED80 billion in 88 countries around
© Provided by AFP Displaced Iraqi women walk in "Camp Seven" near al-Khalidiyeh in Iraq's western Anbar province on April
© Provided by AFP South Korea's Moon Jae-in will meet with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe but the relationship between
© ian berry/cnnmoney/shutterstock  The United States and China will hold a new round of trade talks after no breakthroughs
© Provided by AFP The "Little Africa" district in Guangzhou, the capital of southern China's Guangdong province, has long been
© Provided by Business Insider phnom penh post TANG CHHIN SOTHY/AFP/Getty Images  Cambodia's last independent newspaper, The Phnom Penh
Special counsel Robert Mueller's investigators have questioned a Russian oligarch about hundreds of thousands of dollars in payments his company's
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani on Tuesday vowed to stay in the Iran nuclear deal shortly after President Donald Trump announced
By Steve Scherer  Nigerian migrants who survived a deadly sea crossing last year filed a lawsuit against Italy for
© Provided by AFP President Juan Manuel Santos -- pictured at the United Nations -- reached a historic peace deal
MOSCOW — After weeks of rallies and unrest, Armenia’s bloodless revolution secured victory on Tuesday when Parliament selected protest leader
© REUTERS/Pichi Chuang A man walks past a row of Taiwan's national flags in Taipei, October 14, 2011.  By
© Provided by Independent Media Zanele Ndlovu walks down the aisle on her wedding day at a hospital Chapel in
“There’s just too many people signing up. I’m worried I won’t be able to take on more customers,” professed the
© India Today India Today  The Met Gala begins at a time when most of us are still snug
© Provided by Business Insider trump luther strange rally Brynn Anderson/AP  President Donald Trump's approach in handling North Korea
(Bloomberg) -- A Russian oil company effectively barred from international capital markets by western sanctions has found an ingenious workaround.
© ANA / credit withheld Cameroon radio journalist Akumbom Elvis McCarthy, who a military court ordered must be held for
The whole world wants to travel to these unusual villages in India. Have you got a chance to visit any
© Bloomberg/Bloomberg Swiss Wealth Manager Loses Paris Fight Over $1.2 Million Bail  (Bloomberg) -- A Swiss wealth manager embroiled
People killed by police in 2015 and 2016 had a median age of 35, and they still had an average
© REUTERS/Toru Hanai A 75-year-old man, who goes by the name Saburo Kita in Japanese media to avoid questions from
By Asif Shahzad  The gunman accused of shooting and wounding Pakistan's interior minister is a youth leader of a
Former Fox News host Bill O'Reilly says he offered to stand by White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders during
© Geoff Robins—AFP/Getty Images A man walks down a rural road on his way to an uncontrolled U.S.- Canada border
Qatar Chamber chairman Sheikh Khalifa bin Jassim al-Thani and Greece-Qatar Business Council chairman Panagiotis Mihalos.  Greece is looking towards
© Jen Rynda / Baltimore Sun Media Group First job: apprenticeship at Silks, a restaurant at the Planters Inn in
© Provided by Independent Media Cape Town 180315- Linda Kabrins ( step mother of Gabriela Kabrins) and Howdy Kabrins (
By Michael Martina and Heekyong Yang  North Korean leader Kim Jong Un visited China and met President Xi Jinping,
© Provided by The Telegraph Emily Thornberry has plunged Labour’s Brexit policy into fresh chaos after she said she wanted
© Provided by AFP British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson arrives at 10 Downing Street for a weekly cabinet meeting after
By Maher Chmaytelli  If Hadi al-Amiri triumphs in Iraq's election on Saturday it would be a crowning achievement for
By Crispian Balmer  Former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's Forza Italia party rebuffed calls on Tuesday for it to stand
© Steph Chambers/Post-Gazette The Tako taco includes grilled octopus, harissa aioli, preserved lemons, mizuna greens and herbs and pickled red
At breakfast in the Criollo (Creole) restaurant of the Hotel Monteleone, Bella, one of the more senior waitresses, paused to
© Provided by Business Insider john kerry Associated Press/Frank Augstein  President Donald Trump blasted former Secretary of State John
Disney CEO Bob Iger said he sees “opportunities to expand” the company’s theme parks in China and other parts of
Russia's foreign ministry on Tuesday said Moscow was deeply disappointed by US President Donald Trump's decision to abandon the Iran
Blockchain can trace everything from green supply chains to emissions cuts, enable green energy trading and convert plastic waste into
© Provided by Business Insider Emmanuel Macron and Donald trump Kevin Lamarque/Reuters  President Donald Trump could on Tuesday withdraw
I was honored to chair the White House's Council on Women and Girls during the eight years of the Obama
Ethiopian Airlines is proving to be unstoppable in its plans to take over Africa’s skies.  This month, the company
© Free Malaysia Today 4 Malaysians in Texas wonder if their ballots will reach on time  GEORGE TOWN: A
© CNN TÜRK World Trade Organization - Weekly Schedule  Helsinn Group announces the launch of the IV formulation of
© Image: Justin Sullivan (Getty Images)  Good morning! Welcome to The Morning Shift, your roundup of the auto news
© Provided by AFP Concern over the fate of the paper has been mounting since it was sold to a
© Businessworld London house prices decline in contrast with rest of UK  By Arjay L. Balinbin, Reporter  PRESIDENT
© REUTERS/Michaela Rehle FILE PHOTO: A motor mechanic measures exhaust emissions in a diesel-engined car in Eichenau  German carmakers
By Ben Hirschler, Paul Sandle and Sam Nussey  Takeda Pharmaceutical agreed to buy London-listed Shire for 45.3 billion pounds
By Sybille de La Hamaide  Air France's (AIRF.PA) French unions called on management on Tuesday to resume talks over
MSNBC host Joe Scarborough suggested Tuesday that the reason President Trump didn't add former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani
The Tory Immigration Minister was blasted tonight after it emerged the government has wrongly deported people from the UK -
By Michelle Nichols  China does not want the U.N. Security Council to tell Myanmar that credible, transparent investigations into
KUWAIT: Kuwait International Bank (KIB) was awarded ‘Best Customer Acquisition in Kuwait’ for the year 2018 by CPI Financial. The
Honor by Asian Banker for 3rd consecutive year  KUWAIT: Al-Ahli Bank of Kuwait (ABK) was awarded the prominent ‘Best
Senate Republicans are grappling with what support, if any, they should give ex-coal CEO Don Blankenship if the controversial candidate
© Provided by AFP Taymour Jumblatt (R), son of Druze leader and veteran politician Walid Jumblatt (L), is among the
© Getty KOLKATA, WEST BENGAL, INDIA - 2017/05/08: Social activist and children fly decorative balloon with poster and cutout from
© Provided by CityAM  The rail industry is calling for an overhaul of the decades-old fares regulation system, saying
© Thomas Trutschel Photothek via Getty Images LUBMIN, GERMANY - JULY 25: A symbol for radioactivity is visible on a
US President Donald Trump announced Tuesday that the US will withdraw from the six-nation nuclear deal with Iran and will
© Provided by The Press Association Health chiefs have said a temporary closure of some or all paediatric services at
© Provided by Independent Media Alice Mkuzangwe the director at the directorate of academic planning accreditation and registration at Unisa,
LONDON—Britain’s Vodafone Group PLC is close to announcing a $23 billion cash deal to buy operations in four European countries
For the seventh consecutive year, young Arabs across the region voted the UAE as the top country to live in,
© Provided by AFP A mass shooting at a Baptist church in Sutherland Springs, Texas last year is the backdrop
By Tom Westbrook  Canadian landlord NorthWest Healthcare Properties REIT (NWH_u.TO) announced a $312 million strategic investment in Australian hospital
Developments to date on the Korean Peninsula have been swift and positive, but the real test of peace and security
The semi-autonomous Kurdistan region of northern Iraq, which voted overwhelmingly in favor of independence last year in a referendum rejected
British pharma company AstraZeneca said it had sold the rights for Seroquel, a treatment for schizophrenia and bipolar disease, to
Senior members of Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservative bloc pushed back on Tuesday against criticism that Germany is blocking euro zone
Russia has exported less crude oil to Europe this year as the quality of the fuel on offer deteriorated and
© Mikhail Svetlov—Getty Images Iranian President Hassan Rouhani speeches during talks at Black Sea resort residence in Sochi, Russia on
BEIJING — China will join erstwhile rival Japan as well as South Korea this week at a long-delayed summit to
New Delhi: Priyanka Chopra and Deepika Padukone attended the 2018 Met Gala held in New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art
© Provided by The Telegraph  Confidence in the eurozone ­economy has tumbled to a fresh 15-month low as investors
By Ben Riley-Smith and Raf Sanchez and James Crisp and Rozina Sabur  By Ben Riley-Smith and Raf Sanchez and
NYPD officials saw crime and quality of life troubles around government-sanctioned drug injection sites they visited in Canada, Police Commissioner
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  Trade talks aimed at averting a US-China trade war will
BEIJING—North Korean leader Kim Jong Un paid a second surprise visit to China to meet his Chinese counterpart, reinforcing a
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 5 NEXT SLIDE > The Wider Image: Back to school for Thailand's elderly ©
By Wendell Roelf  The worst drought in living memory has hit vineyards in South Africa's Western Cape hard, reducing
Costa Rica's new president took the oath of office Tuesday, vowing to turn his country into a global example of
U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley called on Venezuelan leader Nicolás Maduro to step down on Tuesday, labeling
The abduction of seven Indians working with a power company in Afghanistan highlights once again the tenuous control that the
© Provided by The Hill  Donald Trump Jr. on Monday mocked New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman in the
It was an unlikely friendship and business partnership that has outlasted most Hollywood marriages. Victor Loewy was born in Romania;
© eNCA Durban, 5 November 2015 - There are two contenders for the party's top job in the province, Senzo
© Chris Graythen—Getty Images for NASCAR  Glen and Leonard Wood of NASCAR’s famed Wood Brothers Racing were honored by
After a sweeping immigration probe, two Charlottetown hoteliers have been charged with helping set up fake addresses for Chinese immigrants
The government of Qatar, in an apparent attempt to win political influence with a historically unfriendly Trump administration, has sought
May 8, 2018 (WASHINGTON) - The United States will initiate a comprehensive review of its assistance programs to South Sudan
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited  Winston Peters has warned the Pacific is going to have to "stand up"
© Bauer Media Group (NZ) LP Judith Collins: her work was not in vain. Photo/Getty Images  Editor’s note: The
Republican senators say President Donald Trump will allow year-round sales of renewable fuel with blends of 15 percent ethanol as
More than a million Turks piled onto social media to call time on President Tayyip Erdogan on Tuesday, making the
Video provided by Associated Press  Editor’s note: The opinions in this article are the author’s, as published by our
© Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg/Getty Images Rep. Mike Bishop, a Republican from Michigan, listens during a House Ways and Means Committee markup
Video provided by Fox News  Former President Obama on Tuesday called President Trump's decision to withdraw from the Iran
Compiled by CLARISSA CHUNG and R. ARAVINTHAN  A PUPPY which fell into a monsoon drain was rescued by an
When the sun rises over the Louisiana bayou on Tuesday, it will mark the beginning of a rare moment in
Royal Dutch Shell Plc's Shell Gas B.V. (RDSa.L) unit said on Monday it was selling its entire stake in Canadian
© FMT MEDIA SDN BHD  © FMT MEDIA SDN BHD Every general election is important, for that is when
© REUTERS/Brendan McDermid New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman speaks during a news conference to discuss the civil rights lawsuit
Donald Trump is due to announce his decision on whether he is abandoning the Iran nuclear deal on Tuesday. 
Tuesday is election day in both Ohio and Indiana.  And there are several big issues on the ballot in
With new trains for the Red and Orange lines on the way, the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority is eyeing its
© Bauer Media Group (NZ) LP Kapka Kassabova: “I hope this book can help people take away ideas about living
© REUTERS/Lai Seng Sin Mahathir Mohamad attends a news conference after general election, in Petaling Jaya  © REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
March and April saw fresh VC in Africa, mobile money merge with social media, motorcycle taxis digitize, and TechCrunch in
© Provided by AFP The leaders of France, Germany and Britain -- all signatories to the Iran nuclear deal --
The Volvo Ocean Race is the world’s most insane sporting event, a 52,000-mile, round-the-world race that takes eight months to
© Provided by IBT Media A congressman is calling for an investigation into the extent of white nationalism within the
Senators emerged from a closed-door briefing Tuesday on the investigation into the ambush in Niger that killed four U.S. soldiers
© Provided by AFP Don Blankenship, the former chief executive of Massey Energy, has surged in the Republican US Senate
© AFP Zimbabwe's President Emmerson Mnangagwa attends the annual World Economic Forum (WEF) on 24 January 2018 in Davos. Picture:
© Provided by Al Jazeera The meeting comes shortly after Kim's first two trips abroad since he became leader of
YEREVAN, Armenia — The leader of protests that gripped Armenia for weeks was named the country's new prime minister on
Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) Chief Executive Herbert Diess travelled to the United States last week to testify to authorities there about the
© Bloomberg/Bloomberg Key Speakers At The Euromoney Central And Eastern European Forum  © Bloomberg/Bloomberg Key Speakers At The Euromoney
(Bloomberg) -- Crude held near $70 a barrel after U.S. President Donald Trump withdrew from the Iranian nuclear accord and
© Provided by Fool pot, marijuana  Looking for alternative ways to play speculative sectors such as the Canadian (soon
© Courtesy Victor Chavarria  A Minneapolis piñata maker is apologizing for hanging pieces of his work -- piñatas which
© Provided by AFP Doubts about Buhari's health flared last year -- he was treated in Britain for more than
The majority of Arab youths consider America to be an enemy rather than an ally, according to a newly published
© FREDRIK LERNERYD/AFP/Getty Images Youths skateboard at Shangilia skatepark in Nairobi on January 13, 2016. The skate park was built
© Courtesy Laura Turner TODAY, product courtesy of merchant site  Pregnancy hasn't been easy for Laura Turner. She's been
© IIPA via Getty Images This handout image supplied by the Iran International Photo Agency shows the reactor building at
© Provided by AFP A portrait of Theodor Herzl, the late founder of political Zionism, adorns "The Independence Hall Museum",
© Photograph by Bloomberg via Getty Images A voter casts a ballot Cleveland on Election Day.  Primary voters in
WASHINGTON — For years, opponents of the nuclear deal with Iran have accused Benjamin J. Rhodes, a top national security
Libyan coastguard vessels intercepted more than 500 migrants on four inflatable boats on Monday off the country's western coast and
© Provided by Independent Media Zimbabwe’s colonial-era public health laws must be revised to guarantee the human rights and equality
© RNZ / Richard Tindiller Winston Peters. The government is set to hike foreign aid by more than $700 million
Gallery by photo services  WASHINGTON — Central Americans who travel north to plead for entry at the U.S. border
The renewable energy sector, including large hydropower, employed 10.3 million people worldwide, directly and indirectly, in 2017, according to the
© Provided by Independent Media A donkey being slaughtered. Picture: Humane Society International  South Africa is implicated in the
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  Two Chinese men have been arrested on suspicion of spreading
State-backed holding companies have been aggressively investing around the world, and the political leverage they afford Beijing should worry U.S.
© Provided by Independent Media Cape Town's new acting mayor Ian Neilson, flanked by City Manager Lungelo Mbandazayo (left) and
© REUTERS FILE PHOTO: Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu attends the weekly cabinet meeting at the Prime Minister's office in
Abuja, Nigeria  This month, the European Union is introducing a landmark privacy law, General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) which
In Rome, food is everywhere. On every corner — and in between them — there are restaurants, pizzerias, osterias and
© Alexander Zemlianichenko/AP A World War II era Soviet tanks T-34 makes its way through the Red Square with the
© Provided by Bauer Media Pty Ltd Is this Meghan Markle's wedding dress?  Meghan Markle has said "yes to
Police are hunting a man who threw a noxious substance, thought to be acid, at a woman in her twenties
By Maytaal Angel  © REUTERS FILE PHOTO: A worker of German steelmaker ThyssenKrupp controls a blast furnace in Duisburg
Louisiana is reportedly set to tell tens of thousands of elderly and disabled residents this week that they may lose
The noose is tightening around Nirav Modi, the billionaire diamantaire who defrauded the Punjab National Bank of over Rs 14,000
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 2 NEXT SLIDE > © Provided by The Weather Network  Most of southern
© Provided by Daily Maverick 2018-05-08-cattle-robbery-threatens-madagascars-peace-and-security  First published by ISS Today  Leaders and senior officials are allegedly involved
José Padilha, 107 mins, starring: Rosamund Pike, Daniel Brühl, Eddie Marsan, Nonso Anozie, Ben Schnetzer  In recreating the story
French judges have summoned Labour Minister Muriel Penicaud as part of an investigation into suspected financial misdemeanours by a state
© Provided by Hindustan Times  Arch-rivals BJP and the CPI(M) have joined hands in Nadia district to defeat the
© Bloomberg/Bloomberg Mallya Loses U.K. Lawsuit Over $1.55 Billion in Indian Claims  Indian tycoon Vijay Mallya lost a U.K.
Suspected Iranian military positions were hit by new strikes Tuesday shortly after Israel ordered citizens to take shelter and President
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed has asked a judge for permission to share his thoughts on the CIA director nominee with senators.
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr (R-N.C.) said Tuesday that he plans for the panel to begin to wrap up
Video by CBS News  WASHINGTON, May 8 (Reuters) - Former U.S. President Barack Obama said on Tuesday that President
© Provided by Business Insider Inc  The 2018 federal budget has landed.  Scott Morrison is happy.  Along
© Provided by Business Insider William Li China Nio Ng Han Guan/AP  Nio founder William Li is often compared
President Trump spoke with Chinese President Xi Jinping about North Korea and trade on Tuesday.  The leaders agreed on
U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping discussed ongoing trade issues on Tuesday, as both sides continue to
© Yuri Gripas—AFP/Getty Images President Donald Trump on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington on May 5,
The decision was one of the several outcomes of the extensive talks Vice President M. Venkaiah Naidu held with the
A news story broadcast on Philippines television promoting student visas as a sure path to New Zealand residency is being
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  Shafie Apdal’s political rivals – ex-colleagues in Malaysia’s ruling coalition
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  If China isn’t already Asia’s pre-eminent superpower, it will be
© Provided by Khaleej Times Man gets 18-year prison sentence for hurling shoe at judge in Pakistan  A Pakistani
A Pakistani high court has granted bail to five suspected Taleban and Al Qaeda militants arrested for their alleged role
© REUTERS/Mike Hutchings/File Photo Storm clouds loom as a woman carries maize and an umbrella on her head near Malawi's
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  (Video by Times of India)  In March, at a stadium
© Drew Angerer/Getty Images New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman speaks during a press conference at the office of the
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  (Video by Times of India)  NEW DELHI: The Congress today
© Andrew Burton 2015 Getty Images New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman on March 30, 2015 in New York City.
“In these times, it’s more dangerous to be a student than a criminal.”  These words were written on the
© Provided by AFP Lebanese TV journalist Paula Yacoubian is the only candidate from outside the traditional political class to
© Provided by Business Insider Australia  It's been a few weeks since a Russian court ordered ISPs to block
Walmart-Flipkart deal: The worlds largest retailer Walmart is all set to sign on the dotted line, and is likely to
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  China is seeking to expand its influence in East Asia
© Provided by Independent Print Limited jeremycorbyncommons.jpg Jeremy Corbyn was dealt a fresh blow today when one of his former
They have gone, or so it seems.  The biggest rat eradication programme ever undertaken appears to have rid South
© Courtesy Enel Enel's new e-car charging pole station.  For a country known for its lavish and upmarket cars,
© Shutterstock 15 APR 18 : Daocheng Airport is highest airport 4,441m above sea level and main transportation to Yading
By Elias Glenn  China's exports rebounded more strongly than expected in April after a surprise drop the previous month,
Schools Chancellor Richard Carranza told an Upper West Side mom to take anti-bias lessons Monday after she questioned him on-air
© Photograph by Daniel Acker—Bloomberg via Getty Images Warren Buffett, CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, eats an ice cream bar from
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited A Christchurch businessman could quite possibly be the best boss in the country. 
Dame Denise L'Estrange-Corbet's claim that she could not find any New Zealand-based T-shirt manufacturers has been rubbished by a Kiwi
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited Dr Shahrzad Khayami MacAvoy Auckland Council is investigating an orthodontist's claim that a building
Artists perform during the inauguration of the Saudi Cultural Days event at the Tajik Academic Theater of Opera and Ballet
© Provided by WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post  Fair-housing advocates planned to file a lawsuit early Tuesday
© Getty Images  The National Rifle Association has named Oliver North, a retired Marine lieutenant colonel known for his
KUALA LUMPUR: Malaysian palm oil futures clocked their highest daily gain in four months on Monday, tracking an uptrend in
IN  QATAR | Diplomacy  Amir receives message from President of Benin  His Highness the Amir Sheikh Tamim
WASHINGTON — President Trump intervened Monday in the West Virginia Republican Senate primary, pleading with voters a day before the
© REUTERS South Korean President Moon Jae-in attends a meeting with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un at the Peace
(Bloomberg) -- With elections due within a year, Australia’s government on Tuesday announced modest tax cuts and more support for
By Michael Nienaber  A stronger-than-expected rebound in German industrial output in March, and a jump in exports in the
US First Lady Melania Trump has been caught up in another plagiarism row, following the launch of her new online
Elections will be held in the semi-autonomous Kurdistan region of northern Iraq on Sept. 30, Kurdish broadcaster Rudaw said on
When Kendra Jackson complained to doctors of an unusually runny nose, headaches and trouble getting to sleep, they put her
BRIDGEPORT — Severance is, according to the Colorado town’s online ad seeking a new police chief, “one of the fastest
A CNN panel mocked President Trump after a report that he made it through just two practice questions in four
© Shane Fowler/CBC Severe flooding has pounded waterfront properties for several days, leaving nothing but a pile of debris in
I can’t really say I know Sarah Rovner, because we’ve never actually met. We’re both airline pilots, we have a
Key European allies expressed grave concerns over President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the U.S. from the Iran nuclear agreement
Two House Democrats are considering running for New York attorney general following Eric Schneiderman’s swift resignation Tuesday night.  Four
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  The independent city-state of Singapore is looking likely to host
More than 100 flights between the UK and Italy have been cancelled on Tuesday ahead of a strike by air-traffic
© Provided by The Hill  President Trump in a new robocall urges Ohioans to back Rep. Jim Renacci (R)
SUBOL at the Vodafone booth.  Vodafone Qatar supported three local startups in presenting their innovative ideas to a global
© Provided by Malay Mail Osman will lock horns with BN's Datuk Ramlee Bohani and also Dzulkefli Suleiman from PAS
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  South Korea set out a detailed blueprint for economic integration
If California were an independent country, its economy would rank as the world’s fifth-largest.  Last year’s GSP (Gross State
© Provided by The Telegraph  Train passengers are better off buying two separate tickets for some single journeys, rail
His Highness the Amir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani and Zimbabwe President Emmerson Mnangagwa at the official reception ceremony at
© Getty Images Sam Hallam leaving court in London in 2012, after being cleared of murder charges.  The fairness
By Nate Raymond  Massachusetts' gambling regulator on Monday said it will allow Wynn Resorts Ltd (WYNN.O) to remove founder
Video by CBS News  PARIS — Backers of the Iranian nuclear deal joined in last-ditch appeals to President Trump
Taiwan received a special “gift” on Labour Day this year – the severance of its diplomatic relationship with the Dominican
Former President Robert Mugabe will not appear before Zimbabwe's parliament as scheduled on Wednesday to answer questions on diamond mining
© Provided by AFP Former Peruvian president Ollanta Humala, with his wife Nadine Heredia after their release from jail in
© REUTERS/Francois Lenoir An OV-10 Bronco aircraft prepares to take off at Flanders international airport in Wevelgem  Daredevil pilots
Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) is asking big banks to detail how they plan to help American workers following the enactment
© Andreas Gerbert/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images Former U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry speaks at the 54th Munich Security Conference in
It is time once again to consider the key question about Cannes, viz: why would anyone in his right mind
© Provided by Media Prima (File pix) Thai police have warned its citizens and Malaysians against crossing the border illegally,
© Provided by Albawaba.com International Data Corporation.  International Data Corporation (IDC) hosted today the fourth Egypt CIO Summit at
The US is scheduled to move its embassy to Jerusalem on May 14, followed two days later by Guatemala. 
Michael Fedorko, the police superintendent for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, resigned effective immediately on Monday.
© Karen Norris/Staff  Have you ever heard of Eyvind Johnson and Harry Martinson?  You are forgiven. They were
U.S. President Donald Trump said he would announce a decision on Tuesday about the future of an international nuclear agreement
© Getty Images What Is Prince Harry Going to Wear to His Wedding? Prince Harry is marrying Meghan Markle. Unless
Foreign secretary Boris Johnson pleaded with Donald Trump not to pull out of the Iran nuclear deal on Monday as
© Ford  In 2015, Maine started allowing nearly anything, including foul language, to be put on a vehicle vanity
Finance Minister Taro Aso said on Tuesday that Japan will host a G20 financial leaders' meeting in Fukuoka, western Japan,
Her Majesty Queen Rania meets with lead-founder and executive chairman of Alibaba Group, Jack Ma in Amman, on Monday (Photo
By Swati Pandey and Jane Wardell  Australia's centre-right government is expected to announce hefty health and infrastructure spending and
© Bloomberg/Bloomberg Icahn, Deason Step Up Xerox Battle With New Investor Letter  © Bloomberg/Bloomberg Icahn, Deason Step Up Xerox
​  © Getty Why wasn't Ronda Rousey on Raw this week?  Why wasn't Ronda Rousey on Raw this
Police officials in South Wales are battling criticism of their new facial recognition technology after it was revealed that the
Dozens of former U.S. national security officials and lawmakers have signed on to a letter endorsing President Trump's controversial pick
© Provided by Hearst Television, Inc.  Mississippi National Guardsmen are being deployed to the southwest U.S.-Mexico border this week
© Fatemeh Bahrami/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images A Iranian woman walks past a wall painting in the shape of Iranian flag in
© Red Huber/Orlando Sentinel/TNS via Getty Images George Zimmerman looks at the jury as he testifies in a Seminole County
© Provided by Business Insider Melania Trump  First lady Melania Trump is reportedly fully aware of the irony surrounding
U.S. oil prices settled above $70 a barrel on Monday for the first time since 2014, passing yet another milestone
© Provided by Business Insider Inc    A 23-year-old Emirates flight attendant is becoming an Instragram star, documenting
© Provided by The Hollywood Reporter  Fox and producers are scrambling to save Lethal Weapon.    Multiple
© Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Images President Donald Trump announced Tuesday that the U.S. would withdraw from the Iran nuclear deal, known
By Harrison Jacobs  |      If you use an iPhone, chances are it was made
© REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY U.S. President Donald Trump  The inevitable happened. On Tuesday, President Trump
© Provided by Business Insider Vladimir Putin Bashar al-Assad Syria Russia Thomson Reuters  Israel could kill Syrian President Bashar
© Provided by The Press Association Vodafone has agreed to a deal with Liberty Global (PA)  Vodafone has confirmed
© Provided by Business Insider possible H-20 stealth bomber china Screenshot/China Defense Online  China may have released a video
© VCG/Getty Images Paramedics stand on the deck of a Chinese hospital ship as it arrives at the port of
Iranian MPs burned a US flag and chanted “death to America” in response to Donald Trump’s nuclear agreement betrayal. 
© REUTERS/Toby Melville FILE PHOTO: Branding hangs outside a Vodafone shop in Oxford  By Paul Sandle and Kate Holton
Japan's SoftBank Group Corp (9984.T) on Wednesday reported a 27 percent rise in full-year operating profit, in line with analyst
In the first trilateral talks since 2015, the leaders of China, Japan and South Korea sent a powerful message of
© Tom Williams—CQ-Roll Call,Inc/Getty Images Don Blankenship at a town hall meeting at Macado's restaurant in Bluefield, W.Va., on May
© wikimedia commons  Sipping mimosas on Sundays starting at 11 a.m. now in the hands of Georgia voters 
An Icelandic airline is starting flights from Ireland to the US for as little as €130.  And for anyone
Australia faces emergency by-elections after more lawmakers resigned for holding dual citizenship. Fourteen lawmakers have been hit by the constitutional
© Formula 1 F1 Halo TV graphic, Ferrari  Formula 1 will introduce new data into the halo television graphic
The Duke of Cambridge will today officially open London Bridge station as the five-year £1 billion redevelopment nears its completion.
© Krisztian Bocsi — Bloomberg via Getty Images  Only a few years ago, the U.S. telecom tycoon John Malone
Mastercard and Thai Airways take you to must-see cities around the world this 2018  Don’t miss this exclusive chance
© Provided by AFP A handout photograph provided by the South Georgia Heritage Trust (SGHT) in London on May 9,
© Provided by Business Insider Russia Victory Day T-34 tank Red Square AP  Russia's military might was on full
Police are hunting a notorious diamond thief in connection with the disappearance of rings worth more than £2million from a
A Newshub investigation has found migrant workers flown here specifically to help with Auckland's construction boom have barely picked up
Syria accused Israel of launching missiles at an army position near the capital Damascus on Tuesday.  The attack was
© REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst FILE PHOTO: Trump delivers remarks on his intentions regarding the Iran nuclear deal at the White House
© Provided by BusinessWorld Fried chicken king Jollibee chases McDonald’s with US, China hunt  JOLLIBEE Foods Corp. (JFC) on
© NBCU Photo Bank/Getty Images Mike Isabella  The D.C. chef is unlikely to step away from operations, according to
© Credit: CBSNews mitch.png  Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's campaign tweeted a taunt at Don Blankenship after the coal
© Provided by AFP Medvedev is fiercely loyal to his mentor Putin Dmitry Medvedev, who has held onto the post
© Dale Morris University of Windsor professor Dan Mennill examines a rufous-and-white wren. The bird has been the focus of
Saudi Arabia's air defences intercepted two ballistic missiles over Saudi Arabia on Wednesday, state television said.  The official spokesman
The House will take up legislation this week that would help restart the stalled process for making Nevada’s Yucca Mountain
The United Nations human rights chief urged Turkey on Wednesday to lift its extended state of emergency immediately to pave
The Mormon church is ending its 105-year relationship with the Boy Scouts of America at the end of next year.
Photo gallery by photo services  (Bloomberg) -- Republicans wrapped up three crucial U.S. Senate primaries in West Virginia, Indiana
© Presseamt Münster/Tilman Roßmöller  The German Catholic Convention in the city of Münster expects record number of visitors, including
© Brendan Smialowski / AFP Protesters stand outside the White House as US President Donald Trump announces the United State's
Karen Matthews, the mother who faked the abduction of her own daughter, has claimed she is not Britain's worst mum
(Bloomberg) -- Vodafone Group Plc is shaking up Europe’s fragmented media and telecom market with an 18.4 billion-euro ($22 billion)
By Christian Lowe and Andrew Osborn  © REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov Russian servicemen drive a T-14 Armata tank during the Victory
© Provided by Business Insider House of Lords REUTERS/Carl Court/Pool  LONDON — On Tuesday evening the House of Lords
© YEN CHOU The council covered the Taiwanese flag design with blue paint  An Australian city council has been
© Provided by Al Jazeera Germany's Foreign Minister Heiko Maas said the Iran nuclear deal has made the world safer
© Provided by AFP Israel accused Human Rights Watch's local director of supporting the campaign to boycott the country 
© Getty Images/Visuals Unlimited Kiwi fruit pickers are desperately needed to save the harvest in New Zealand.  Foreign workers
© Shutterstock/melis At first glance, as your train thunders past, the hillside will appear to be dotted with huge flowers.
President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw from the Iran nuclear deal drew criticism from somewhat unexpected sources — lawmakers who
© Provided by The Press Association Get Out director Jordan Peele reveals details of his new film  Jordan Peele
SEJONG, May 9 (Yonhap) -- South Korea and Japan have discussed ways to expand cooperation in research and development of
The British government suffered the latest in a string of legislative defeats on Brexit when the House of Lords voted
Dr. Isa Ibrahim Pantami, Director General, National Information Technology Development Agency, NITDA, has said that about $2 billion was being
The world’s largest holiday company Tui’s big bet on cruises is paying off as steep demand helped to pare losses
© Provided by AFP Pakistani police said Italian national Sana Cheema was strangled to death, after her body was exhumed
© Provided by AFP Benin's Sebastien Ajavon in March 2018 launched his own political party and made known he wants
Iran-backed Houthi rebels in Yemen fired a barrage of missiles into Saudi Arabia on Wednesday, an early indication that Iran’s
© Provided by AFP Israel said Paraguay's President Horacio Cartes, pictured here in 2016 with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu,
© Provided by Business Insider north korea russia train rail AP  Amid peace negotiations between South and North Korea,
© Facebook.com.  HARARE - There’s some sobering news for lovers of traditional beer in Zimbabwe.  A leading manufacturer
© REUTERS/Max Rossi League party leader Salvini speaks next President of Fratelli d'Italia party (Brothers of Italy) Meloni and Forza
(Bloomberg) -- Saudi Arabia’s efforts to ease the burden on ordinary citizens from its promised economic overhaul are taking a
© Provided by Hearst Communications, Inc Millionaire contestant ignores husband, loses £31k  On May 8 episode of the revived
Retail sales of medical and recreational marijuana are forecast to rise by nearly 50% year over year in 2018 to
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 5 NEXT SLIDE > Iranians had rushed to buy foreign hard currency before Mr
© Provided by Associated Newspapers Limited Daniel Heazlewood pleaded guilty over the death of his mother, Linda Sidon (pictured) The
© Provided by AFP UN chief Antonio Guterres is "deeply concerned" over recent exchanges between Yemen and Saudi Arabia 
© Drew Phillips  Ford Motor Co. says it will halt production of its top-selling F-150 and Super Duty pickup
© Provided by AFP Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenberg emphasized the importance of free trade for his company at an event
© Provided by NBCU News Group, a division of NBCUniversal Media LLC Image: Don BlankenshipFormer Massey Energy CEO Don Blankenship
© Deutsche Welle  French President Emmanuel Macron said Europe needed to reaffirm its commitment to the 2015 nuclear deal
Saudi Arabia has threatened to build a nuclear weapon if Iran pursued such a weapon of mass destruction, in the
A former Mafia associate who is now in the witness protection program testified Thursday that he had introduced Steven DiSarro
Italy's former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi on Wednesday gave the green light to his ally the League to try to
Getty Images Cow with calf Brendan McLaughlin, who has been farming for 40 years, said he is lucky to be
© Provided by Bauer Media Pty Ltd Kate Hicks, founder of My Birth Story There is no life experience that
(Bloomberg Opinion) -- Forget Iran, shale and Opec. The real action in the oil market is happening on the other
Video provided by Mamamia  Meghan Markle has told friends she "cannot wait to be a mother", saying she "would
© Provided by New Vision Uganda, Egypt sign energy, agriculture pact  pic: President Museveni and his host Egyptian President
J.P. Morgan Chase (JPM) Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon thinks the U.S. economy is doing well for now.  "America
© RNZ / Rebekah Parsons-King No caption Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern is playing down differences between her ministers over whether
By Angus McDowall and Jeffrey Heller  The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said on Wednesday an Israeli attack on
Boris Johnson has challenged the US to come up with a new solution for de-escalating tensions in the Middle East
© Fournis par AFP Prince Charles and his wife Camilla visited the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Athens during
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 5 NEXT SLIDE > Smoke is seen near a building after a blast in
© Provided by BusinessWorld Beyond Bitcoin: Global companies showcase business potential of blockchain technology  SONY Philippines, Inc. has unveiled
© Provided by Independent Media Minister of Justice and Correctional Services Michael Masutha will visit Mdantsane Correctional Centre today following
© The Motley Fool Logo of jester cap with thought bubble with words 'Fool Transcripts' below it  Momenta Pharmaceuticals(NASDAQ:
MOGADISHU: Shabaab militants stoned a Somali woman to death on Wednesday after an Islamic court sentenced her to the punishment
By Simon Jessop and Carolyn Cohn  U.S. asset manager MFS Investment Management said it will seek permission to create
To commemorate this year's Asian Pacific American Heritage Month, NBC Asian America will be interviewing a series of community pioneers,
Whether you're new to boating or a boating aficionado, HolidayIQ Travellers encourage you to flock to these beautiful boating destinations
Jordan Banjo has become a dad for the first time - and paid tribute to his brother with the name.
© Provided by Business Insider donald trump smile Win McNamee/Getty Images  President Donald Trump is reportedly feeling good about
Oil prices surged on Wednesday to levels not seen in over three years after President Donald Trump pulled the United
There could be up to 20 different Brexit deals between the UK and the EU that take years to be
Despite the diplomatic advances of recent weeks, there's little trust in Japan for the North Korean regime. Pyongyang is critical
© AFP/Getty Images MiG-31 jets carry hypersonic Kinzhal missiles over Red Square.  Russia has showcased some of its most
Iranian politicians torched a US flag and chanted "Death to America" in an angry demonstration after Donald Trump withdrew from
© Provided by Business Insider Iran parliament burn US flag Iran deal Trump AP  Lawmakers gathered in Iran's parliament
© NDTV 24x7 New Delhi: Yes, Priyanka Chopra and Deepika Padukone were both at the Met Gala after-party, hosted at
© giuseppe lami/epa-efe/rex/shutte/EPA/Shutterstock  A landmark agreement aimed at healing a nearly 70-year rift between Beijing and the Vatican is
© THOMAS SAMSON/AFP/AFP/Getty Images  French President Emmanuel Macron reaffirmed Europe's commitment to the Iran nuclear deal Wednesday while urging
With key components about to run out, Ford (F) is pulling the plug on production of its most profitable and
A political hopeful in Georgia's gubernatorial race is capitalizing on anti-immigrant and anti-gun-control sentiment in his campaign for a spot
The Film Theorists, on YouTube, recently claimed a major discovery: They say they've found Neverland.  They claimed they were
© REUTERS/Carlo Allegri/Illustration/File Photo FILE PHOTO: A ZTE smart phone is pictured in this illustration  By Sijia Jiang 
© IBT Media A 'Nazi Grandma' has been caught after not turning up to her prison sentence. An 89-year-old woman
© REUTERS/Amir Lev President Trump's personal lawyer Michael Cohen is pictured arriving back at his hotel in Manhattan.  (Bloomberg)
Telecoms giant Vodafone is close to announcing a deal to buy large parts of Liberty Global’s European assets, according to
Being able to see the same GP is rarer than ever, despite Government pledges to improve continuity of care, research
ATHENS: Cyprus’ first-ever shipping minister is setting her sights high.  The country’s location and tax system have made it
© Kotaku  One of the most common gaming gripes in Australia is our internet. And while some are lucky
© Provided by NBCU News Group, a division of NBCUniversal Media LLC Image: Republican Senate Candidate For West Virginia Don
© AFP/Getty Images US president Donald Trump.  Within 24 hours of Donald Trump’s announcement that the US was exiting
(Bloomberg) -- European oil refiners and trading houses began preparing to cut purchases of Iranian crude after Washington imposed harsher
Nigerian oil companies are bracing for a potential surge in militant attacks as campaigning intensifies before the 2019 presidential polls,
© Provided by AFP Australian scientist David Goodall, 104, does not have a terminal illness but says his quality of
© Provided by AFP Protesters stand outside the White House as US President Donald Trump announces the United State's withdrawal
© Joe Raedle/Getty Images President Donald Trump says he wants “victory for the world” more than the Nobel Peace Prize.
© Provided by Business Insider Guatemala cocaine drug bust Guatemalan news agency  Guatemala made a "historic" cocaine bust this
© Provided by Quartz  The Democratic Republic Congo is facing the familiar challenge of containing yet another Ebola outbreak.
Video by TODAY  WASHINGTON — CIA director nominee Gina Haspel will face tough questions from senators Wednesday about her
Anger is building in Namibia over inaction by colonial-era power Germany, almost three years after talks began about an apology
© theweek.co.uk Cocaine ‘delivered faster than pizza’ in the UK  UK drug users can access cocaine in less time
A coalition of educators, administrators and schools boards urged Gov. Phil Scott and Statehouse leaders not to rush through major
By Amanda Cooper  Oil shot to nearly $80 a barrel this week after U.S. President Donald Trump walked away
© AFP/Getty Images Sir Richard Branson led a consortium that bought Northern Rock in 2011 for half of the amount
© Provided by The Hollywood Reporter  John Malone's international cable operator Liberty Global and U.K. telecom giant Vodafone Group
JEDDAH: The director-general of the Border Guard, Gen. Awad bin Eid Al-Balawi, inaugurated, on Monday, the high-level workshop for national
US President Donald Trump has withdrawn from the Iran nuclear deal and is set to renew sanctions on Iran. 
© Provided by AFP The drug trade has continued to flow through Myanmar's Rakhine state despite the heavy security presence
© Provided by AFP As it became clear that Mahathir had won, supporters took to the streets waving flags of
© Mount Washington Cog Railway  The Cog Railway will once again head up Mount Washington beginning Thursday.  Trains
© COURTESY: Monir Omerzai The woman in a video of a racist rant in Lethbridge has been identified as Kelly
© Provided by Jpost.com (The Jerusalem Post online edition)  Forced to return to Europe, 254 of the passengers on
© Provided by AFP Map of the Democratic Republic of Congo, locating a new outbreak of Ebola virus near the
© Getty Images Devin Nunes and Jeff Sessions  House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes and fellow GOP committee member
© PWFD/Twitter  Gidget the 2-year-old English mastiff was not hanging ten with her “Moondoggie” friend, a walker coonhound named
© REUTERS/Ricardo Moraes A man walks near a wall, where Rio de Janeiro city councillor Marielle Franco was shot dead
© Provided by Independent Media In this image made from video, 104-year-old David Goodall arrives at Basel Airport in Switzerland,
© TheWrap  In the early 1980s, Israeli Mossad agents used a fake diving resort in Sudan to smuggle thousands
By Dan Williams  Russia is unlikely to try to limit Israel's military actions in Syria, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
© Provided by The Press Association Tuesday saw more violence on the streets of London (Jonathan Brady/PA)  Bloodshed in
© Photo: Getty Images. Refinery29    From the time we book a flight until the moment we get
© Provided by WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post ISTANBUL — His closest allies in the Middle East —
© Provided by Albawaba.com During the opening Branch in New Muscat International Airport.  The National Bank of Oman (NBO)
© Provided by NBCU News Group, a division of NBCUniversal Media LLC Image: Airbus group and IranAirThe logos of Airbus
© Jeff Swensen/Getty Images Voters went to the polls at the Dallas Community Center on May 8, 2018 in Dallas,
Google has pulled a surprising switcheroo, designing Android P to help you reduce your smartphone usage, while also making it
© Provided by Albawaba.com Mohammed Al Kamali, Deputy CEO of Dubai Exports  Dubai Exports, the export promotion agency of
© Provided by AFP Ultra-orthodox Jews stand in the Israeli settlement of Beitar Illit as Palestinian labourers work at a
© Provided by AFP Russian-backed rebels in Donetsk mark the Soviet victory over Nazi Germany in 1945 with a parade
© Realtor.com The home where Lizzie Borden, who was acquitted for the 1892 ax murders of her father and stepmother,
© Provided by Business Insider marijuana REUTERS/Chris Wattie  Canada became the second country to legalize marijuana on Tuesday evening.
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  Kim Jong-un has made a second surprise visit to China,
© Provided by Al Jazeera Mohamad Mahathir came out of retirement take on his former protege Najib Razak [Lai Seng
Former President Clinton is taking aim at the GOP tax law President Trump signed in December, saying it was meant
© Provided by NBCU News Group, a division of NBCUniversal Media LLC A man, right, identified by Hong Kong media
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan will visit Britain and meet with Prime Minister Theresa May on Tuesday, as he campaigns
© Provided by Business Insider William Li China Nio  Younger Chinese consumers don't appear to see products from Europe
© Provided by Engadget UK So that whole Turing test metric, wherein we gauge how human-like an AI system appears
© Facebook | Erin Darby Ortiz  With its scenic coastline and gorgeous canyon roads, California has a well-deserved reputation
By Robin Emmott and Alissa de Carbonnel  In 1996, when the United States tried to penalize foreign companies trading
© Bang Showbiz Jordan Peele  Jordan Peele  Jordan Peele is hoping to cast Lupita Nyong'o in his new
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., is known as a dour all-business Washington power player. But on Tuesday night, McConnell’s
© Provided by Canadian Broadcasting Corporation Robert and Norma Silverstein started Families for Quality Eldercare to help support families and
© Radio-Canada Ariane Tremblay said her maple syrup business will be destroyed by the new rail bypass.  Ariane Tremblay
Armenia's newly elected Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan signaled continuity on Wednesday in policy on the long-running issue of Nagorno-Karabakh, saying
© Provided by AFP Canada will apologize for refusing to admit Jewish asylum seekers fleeing Nazi Germany in 1939, Prime
© REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton/File Photo FILE PHOTO: Activists and DACA recipients march up Broadway during the start of their 'Walk to
© Provided by The Telegraph A picture of Theresa May has been removed from the walls of her old geography
© Provided by Trinity Mirror Plc Credits: Getty Images Europe  Boris Johnson has made an astonishing public attack on
© Yiannis Kourtoglou/Reuters Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, speaking during a visit to Cyprus on Monday, has spent much of
Mexico's economy minister Ildefonso Guajardo said "all the issues" are on the table as talks between the United States, Canada
© Tom Honan/PA via AP Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar, centre, is at an event in Dublin to support repealing
Viking's Ultimate World Cruise departs London in August 2019, and will circumnavigate the globe hitting 59 countries and 113 ports
© Provided by The Telegraph A special message from MSN:  Nine million people across all age groups and walks
President Donald Trump says Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is on his way back from North Korea with three American
© Provided by Engadget UK  Peloton has its eyes on a global expansion, and the first stops outside the
The six leading candidates for California governor discussed housing, immigration, gas taxes and other issues at a debate Tuesday ahead
© Getty Images The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall have been visiting France before heading to Greece. 
© Yonhap News Agency  (ATTN: UPDATES with remarks from Chinese Prime Minister Li in paras 13-15; ADDS more photo)
Don Blankenship, the former coal magnate and convict, conceded defeat late Tuesday night after it became clear his bid for
Saudi Arabia backed on Tuesday the US President Donald Trump's decision on his country withdrawing from the Iran nuclear deal.
© Provided by Sportal com au  Two different groups allegedly wanting to buy the Manly Sea Eagles in the
© Provided by Allure Media Pty Ltd  Google has released the Android P Beta into the wild - its
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited  The UK is among the biggest global purchasers of drugs
Ten years after being jailed for ­kidnapping daughter Shannon , Karen ­Matthews still finds it hard to shake off the
© Bauer Media Group (NZ) LP Safe as houses? How confident can we be that New Zealand's $248b mortgage market
© Provided by The Independent global-tourism.jpg  Tourism accounts for around 8 per cent of global greenhouse gas emissions, according
© Karen Bleier/AFP/Getty Images Protesters hold a rally to support 'net neutrality' and urge the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to
© Jennifer Lee/CBC Priscilla Cherry is one of 16 peer support workers who provide counselling at Recovery Centre Calgary, a
© CBC Unable to see them through his blurred vision, Anais Sehmus softly asked "who is this" as he held
© Getty (Photo by Anthony Devlin/PA Images via Getty Images) The victims of a botched housing development in Tauranga whose
© Provided by Business Insider Screen Shot 2018 05 08 at 6.27.58 PM Twitter/@PressSec  A South Korean presidential official
Former CIA Director John Brennan on Tuesday slammed President Trump for his decision to withdraw the U.S. from the Iran
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on Tuesday’s primaries in four states (all times local):  9:25 p.m.  U.S. Rep.
© RNZ / Richard Tindiller Simon Bridges.  The National Party is questioning why the government is sending millions of
By LydiaKukua Asamoah, GNA  Accra, May 8, GNA - The Ghana StandardsAuthority (GSA) has met stakeholders in the fishery
A United Nations agency said on Tuesday an "unjust" U.S. financial and trade embargo on Cuba had cost the country's
© Provided by Allure Media Pty Ltd  In 2010, a Romanian man used denial of service attacks to overwhelm
© Getty Images Michael McFaul, former US ambassador to Russia and the author of From Cold War to Hot Peace,
© AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley speaks about Venezuela to the Council of the Americas
© AFP Mozambique's civil war commander Afonso Dhlakama has vowed fresh attacks against President Armando Guebuza's government forces.  Renamo
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited The Anglican Church has voted in favour of blessing couples in committed same-sex relationships.
With the acquisition of Uber, Grab now controls 93 per cent of the ride-hailing market in the Philippines, according to
Nine Alaskan burial artifacts brought to 19th century imperial Germany are to be returned next week to indigenous Pacific coast
© Provided by Daily Maverick 2018-05-09-joy-comes-to-happiness-village-after-court-judgment  Chris Koitsioe was deployed as a peacekeeper for South Africa in Burundi and
© Provided by Daily Maverick 2018-05-09-the-inevitable-outcome-of-the-housing-backlog  Editor’s note: The opinions in this article are the author’s, as published by
© Reuters Supporters of Mahathir Mohamad celebrate in Petaling Jaya.  Former Malaysian leader Dr Mahathir Mohamad is poised to
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  Hongkongers can finally visit the restored Central Police Station and
President Trump will likely meet with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un for the first time in Singapore, according to
© Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg via Getty Images Confirmation Hearing For Gina Haspel To Be Director Of The Central Intelligence Agency 
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 5 NEXT SLIDE > Displays at Patagonia, an outdoor-clothing company, in Ventura, Calif., March
Abby Lee Miller's fight against cancer is just beginning.  “She’s been going through chemotherapy treatments for her lymphoma,” a
He might be the most powerful man in the world, but that doesn't make Donald Trump exempt from having a
© Liz Watson for Indiana/Facebook Democrat Liz Watson, a progressive labor attorney, will challenge GOP Rep. Trey Hollingsworth, a freshman,
Every time you see a big house or flat or apartment being erected in Kampala, know it is a big
By Elaine Lies  The leaders of China, Japan and South Korea meet in Tokyo on Wednesday in a powerful
WASHINGTON—Throughout his campaign in West Virginia, Don Blankenship delivered a string of incendiary comments, including calling Mitch McConnell “Cocaine Mitch”
By Feisal Omar  Somalia's al Shabaab insurgents stoned to death on Wednesday a woman it accused of having multiple
A new proposal has been submitted to the UAE's General Civil Aviation Authority (GCAA) whereby transit passengers will be able
Thanks to Donald Trump effect, or the fear psychosis propagated by the Donald Trump administration, the number of Indians who
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  Justice Jasti Chelameswar, the second most senior judge in the Supreme
Cannes Classics 2018’s opening nighter is Irish filmmaker Mark Cousins’ intimate documentary “The Eyes of Orson Welles,” which was invited
This story was delivered to Business Insider Intelligence "Fintech Briefing" subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here. 
© Jacob Barker/CBC Cab driver Nick Blake has seen his income halved since the strike began at IOC.  Businesses
Councilmember Mike O'Brien said he was "physically removed" from an outdoor event at the Pacific Fishermen Shipyard on Friday night.
The Australian government has delivered an annual budget that prioritises tax cuts, aged care spending and a schedule for returning
© Provided by Independent Media Inaugural summit organised by the African Development Bank, which is headquartered in Abidjan, Ivory Coast.
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  Bengaluru: Seen for long as a reluctant politician, Congress chief Rahul
Bengaluru: Walmart Inc. is likely to announce its much-anticipated deal to buy a controlling stake in Indian e-commerce company Flipkart,
“Why did they kill my little brother? He never hurt anyone,” cried Sangeetha as she embraced the freezer box in
Patna: Former Bihar Chief Minister and Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) chief Lalu Prasad Yadav, has been granted a five-day parole,
He once stood at the center of an international political scandal, becoming a household name for destroying government documents and
New Mexico Attorney General Hector Balderas is worried that technology is enabling child exploitation, and he's putting pressure on the
© Provided by The Hill  President Trump on Wednesday said three U.S. prisoners in North Korea have been freed
After her mother passed away in 1905, Anna Jarvis resolved to dedicate a day to her mother, and mothers everywhere.
© Bloomberg/Bloomberg Exxon Mobil Unit Sells Italy Refinery, Fuel Terminals to Algeria  (Bloomberg) -- Exxon Mobil Corp. agreed to
© REUTERS/Tuomas Forsell/File Photo FILE PHOTO: Finland's Finance Minister Orpo listens to the media in Helsinki  By Jussi Rosendahl
Views of the world's most luxurious hotels  |  Between verdant trees within a Qing Dynasty courtyard and near
© White House via AP Then-CIA Director Mike Pompeo shakes hands with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un in Pyongyang
Saudi Arabia said Wednesday that it would seek to acquire a nuclear weapon if regional rival Iran does the same
Heads should roll over the AT&T and Novartis payments to Michael Cohen's slush fund  Influence-peddling is an aspect of
© Win McNamee/Getty Images North America/Getty Images  Dutch lawyer Alex van der Zwaan, who pleaded guilty in February to
© REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst Trump's Iran threat 'pretty concerning' for NZ exporters. New Zealand exporters which sent $120m of goods to
© Provided by Bauer Media Pty Ltd "I’d love to say I impressed him with my intellect and wit, but
The human rights activist, international lawyer and writer is also well-known for his staunch Israel advocacy.  Hillel Neuer, who
A teenager was stabbed repeatedly in a “machete” attack in north-east London as the violence on the capital’s streets continued
Getty Images UK Prime Minister Theresa May (C), German Chancellor Angela Merkel (R) and French President Emmanuel Macron (L) give
© Mike Marsland/WireImage Dr Dre. Hip-hop star Dr Dre has lost a long-running trademark dispute against a gynaecologist with a
© Getty Images CHICAGO, ILLINOIS - APRIL 12: Remnants of crime scene tape lay on the ground near the spot
Video provided by Reuters  Iranian forces on the Syrian-held side of the Golan Heights shelled Israeli army outposts on
SEOUL—President Donald Trump’s decision to jettison the Iran nuclear deal sends one message loud and clear to the Korean peninsula:
The UAE has expressed its support for US President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw from the Iran nuclear agreement. 
SEOUL—President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw from the Iran nuclear agreement injects new uncertainty ahead of his upcoming talks with
By Tim Cocks  Senegal's old Palais de Justice sits among some of the most sought-after real estate in the
Louisiana is not considered a major marijuana market.  There are only nine licensed dispensaries and two growers in the
© Provided by Business Insider Iron Dome AP  Iranian forces on the Syrian side of the Golan Heights fired
JAKARTA, Indonesia—Inmates at a detention center for terrorists, including Islamic State supporters, killed five police officers and took one hostage,
© Peter Power/Canadian Press A woman enters Maple High School in Vaughan, Ont., to cast her vote in the Canadian
Everyone knows that a Moroccan rug is the idiotproof way to enrich a room. The soft texture of a Beni
© REUTERS/Ann Wang he Wider Image: Myanmar hills embrace silkworms over poppies  © REUTERS/Ann Wang The Wider Image: Myanmar
A weekly selection of opinions and analyses from the Arab media around the world.  COURTING ISRAEL WILL NOT BRING
© Provided by Business Insider Trading screens.  Steve Hunt, the former chief technology officer at secretive trading firm Jump
By Nate Raymond  A former New England mob boss and an associate in 1993 murdered a Boston nightclub manager
A husband and wife hooker team who made up to €5,000 a month selling sex from their Irish home, escaped
Prue Leith has revealed that she has been banned from tweeting during The Great British Bake Off this year. 
Saudi Arabia's Public Transport Authority (PTA) announced dedicated taxis will be launched to serve Umrah pilgrims, worshippers and visitors to
© Scott Olson/Getty Images North America/Getty Images COLUMBUS, IN - MAY 08: Greg Pence, Republican candidate for the U.S. House
Oliver North, who was once at the center of a controversy in which he sold weapons to Tehran to fund
A new cashpoint scam has sparked warnings from police officers.  An off-duty cop spotted a hidden camera being utilised
By Jamie Smith  Open wide! These very angry hippos pull some terrifying moves as they were caught on camera
© Kim Kwang Hyon/Associated Press Kim Dong-chul, an American citizen who was detained in North Korea, was escorted to his
It has been two years since Duterte became president of the Philippines and unleashed a brutal war on drugs. The
President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the U.S. from the Iran nuclear deal and reinstate all sanctions had been anticipated
© Provided by AFP Russian President Vladimir Putin addresses the Victory Day military parade in Moscow's Red Square on the
By Kieran Corcoran  |  Russia's military might was on full display Wednesday as the country held its annual
By Kumerra Gemechu  For generations, farmers planted the lush earth of Awedai and nearby areas in eastern Ethiopia with
The Emirates Group today announced its 30th consecutive year of profit and steady business expansion.  Released today in its
The army also said it raised preparedness of “troops for an attack” and deployed air defenses in the north of
© Provided by New Vision Parliament moves to save UN base in Entebbe  PIC: Sekikubo said Uganda needs the
© Jonathan Quintero Paulo Londra  Everything began with "Relax," Paulo Londra's first song, which was uploaded on YouTube in
By Luke Baker  Emmanuel Macron will become on Thursday only the second sitting French president to win the prestigious
Soldiers from Prince Harry's former regiment have spoken of their pride after being asked to play a pivotal role in
PUEBLO, Colo. — High school teacher Julie Cain and her husband Jim, who teaches fifth grade, didn't need to have
A day before Karnataka goes to polls, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be in Nepal's Janakpur, the birthplace of Sita,
© Provided by Independent Media Moustafa El Gendy, presidential hopeful for the Pan African Parliament.  IMAGINE a united states
By Emily G Roe  © REUTERS/Clodagh Kilcoyne A Pro-Choice poster is seen outside the home of Amy Callahan who
© Reuters Ursula Haverbeck A “Nazi grandma” who apparently went on the run rather than serve a jail sentence for
By Karin Strohecker  The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) nudged up its regional economic forecasts on Wednesday,
People headed to the polls on Sept. 13 to vote in the New York primary, continuing the string of state
© Wong Maye-E / AP Singapore US North Korea Nuclear Negotiations  The economic sanctions against North Korea may be
© Provided by The Independent  Travelling the world on a shoestring might sound romantic, but it’s certainly not realistic,
© Elizabeth Cameron Visitors to Calgary’s only operational supervised consumption site at the Sheldon M. Chumir Health Centre downtown are
Majid Al Futtaim, has announced its participation in the country wide three-day super sale from May 10 to 12, in
© Provided by Daily Maverick 2018-05-08-groundup-zimbabwes-nurses-complain-of-poor-working-conditions  First published by GroundUp  “In my ward there is a big shortage
That lawyer, Michael Avenatti, said the transactions suggest that Cohen was "selling access to the president of the United States."
© Provided by Fool  Editor’s note: The opinions in this article are the author’s, as published by our content
A massive amount of people aspire to conduct their search for a new home on HGTV's House Hunters: The reality
© Sean Kilpatrick/Canadian Press Liberal MP Bill Blair tells reporters in Ottawa Wednesday that the cannabis legalization bill could pass
© Provided by IBT Media  Two years after sentencing Brock Turner to six months for sexually assaulting a woman
© AP Photo/Winslow Townson Republican candidate for governor, Scott Lively, addresses the Massachusetts Republican Convention at the DCU Center in
|  The Indian Premier League is now heading into its most interesting part, the final half where the teams
Getty Images Empanadillas in Spain - file pic Empanadillas - pasties - are popular snacks in Spain 1  A
The grand final of the Eurovision Song Contest is almost upon us as 26 countries battle it out for the
By Maher Chmaytelli  Iraqi agents are holding a top aide to Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, and used
TEAMSTERS BACK KELLY. Former state Sen. Molly Kelly has received the first endorsement of the 2018 governor’s race.  The
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 8 NEXT SLIDE > Kevin Small, who used Naloxone kit to save a friends
© Provided by AFP US President Donald Trump has announced his decision to withdraw from the Iran nuclear deal, but
© Provided by Business Insider Sean Hannity Theo Wargo/Getty Images  A Kremlin-backed organization purchased ads on Facebook and Instagram
© EDUARDO MUNOZ ALVAREZ/AFP/Getty Images TOPSHOT - President Trumps lawyer Michael Cohen exits the US Federal Court on April 16,
© Courtesy Photo Big T  Houston rapper Big T, known for singing the hook on Lil’ Troy’s 1999 hit
A 104-year-old scientist who flew to Switzerland to legally end his life is scheduled to die by lethal injection at
Fighters from the Al-Shabab militant Islamist group have stoned to death a woman in the Lower Shabelle region of Somalia.
The House passed a bill Thursday that seeks to move forward a process toward building the Yucca Mountain facility in
© Al Drago/Pool/Getty Images President Trump will meet Kim Jong Un in Singapore on June 12.  Trump and Kim
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia—Mahathir Mohamad was sworn in as Malaysia’s new prime minister Thursday and signaled a tougher line toward an
The rockets launched at Israeli troops by Iranian forces Wednesday night were intercepted, and Israel retaliated with strikes of its
CNBC's Jim Cramer praised Nvidia's billionaire CEO Jensen Huang ahead of the computer chipmaker's quarterly earnings after Thursday's closing bell
You know what would be a pretty unforgettable Mother's Day gift for mom?  One BIG family trip to Italy
Goodall's choice to be euthanized attracted intense media attention, amid heated public debate over the ethics of assisted suicide. 
© Mohamed El-shahed/AFP/Getty Images  President Trump announced Thursday on Twitter that several leaders of the terror group ISIS were
© Provided by Independent Media  CAPE TOWN - At least 25 illegal foreign nationals has been arrested for contravening
An Oregon school district reportedly forced an LGBTQ student to read passages from the Bible as a form of punishment
A British parliamentary committee said on Thursday it had summoned the former chief executive of Cambridge Analytica and a director
© Photograph: Bloomberg/Getty Images A checkpoint area at Dover. Ministers are considering plans to suspend food safety controls in the
© Provided by Business Insider Inc prince harry meghan markle    Prince Harry stands relatively tall at about
Want to know why some money managers lag the market? More importantly, do you want to know which managers are
© Bloomberg/Bloomberg SpaceX’s Latest Upgrade Aims to Make Rockets Even More Reusable  (Bloomberg) -- The next launch by Space
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 4 NEXT SLIDE > A shot of the Tower of Jewels at night. ©
A former aide to Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe gave highly anticipated testimony on Thursday to a parliamentary investigation into
On May 9, US retailer Walmart Inc acquired a 77 per cent stake in Flipkart for about $16 billion. With
© India Today Group Bank of India files lawsuit against Nirav Modi in Hong Kong court for recovery of $6.25
The Government’s expected apology to a Libyan dissident over claims that Tony Blair’s administration was complicit in his rendition and
By Crispian Balmer and Gavin Jones  The anti-establishment 5-Star Movement and far-right League said on Thursday they had made
Congress president Rahul Gandhi has claimed that he will be prime minister in 2019 if the Congress emerges as the
The UK High Court on Wednesday concluded that liquor baron Vijay Mallya, wanted in India to face charges of fraud
© Provided by Business Insider Inc prom    A teen from New Berlin, Wisconsin, is under fire over
© Eduardo Lima/Canadian Press A cross-country tour to visit franchisees by Tim Hortons president Alex Macedo comes after months of
(Bloomberg) -- Mahathir Mohamad said he’d lead a business-friendly administration and seek ways to boost Malaysia’s stock market in his
© Associated Newspapers (Ireland) Limited, t/a dmg Media Ireland  If you are planning to hit the beach this summer,
In the early hours of Thursday morning, Israeli forces conducted what was the largest attack on Syrian territory since the
© AFP A combination of file photos of North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un and US President Donald Trump.  WASHINGTON
© Provided by Grub Street  The Trump administration’s eagerness to deport Mexico’s supposed “bad hombres” means that every month,
© REUTERS/Hayk Baghdasaryan/Photolure Newly elected Prime Minister of Armenia Pashinyan meets with supporters in Yerevan  Armenian President Armen Sarkissian
By Lesley Wroughton  © REUTERS U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo meets with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un
By Paulina Duran and Byron Kaye  Top Australian wealth manager AMP Ltd faced an investor revolt at its annual
© Provided by Independent Media Exposed on all fronts, and with his powerful friend out of the Union Buildings, Supra
© Reuters Israeli forces stationed in occupied Golan Heights, Syria, where military positions came under rocket fire from Iranian forces.
(Bloomberg) -- An influx of foreign aid could go a long way to helping Ukraine jumpstart its economy. But the
© Rachel Naftel via AP Passengers stand on the tarmac of Denver International Airport after being evacuated from a Delta
© Heidi Gutman/ABC via Getty Images 20/20 - ABC News Chief Global Affairs Correspondent Martha Raddatz sits down for exclusive
© Provided by Business Insider Australia  The five year long struggle to free a pair of captive chimps in
© Brendan Hoffman/Getty Images Retired Air Force Lt. Gen. Thomas McInerney falsely claimed on Fox Business that torture “worked on
© Provided by Al Jazeera The US backs the government of Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, while Iran has other favourites
© Bill Thomas, Getty Images/iStockphoto Black lab puppy close up. A Virginia business is accused of netting tens of thousands
© Associated Newspapers (Ireland) Limited, t/a dmg Media Ireland  New Zealand have taken the decision to release Brad Shields
© Sean Gallup/Getty Images Scientist David Goodall died in an assisted suicide at age 104.  David Goodall, a scientist
Theresa May has personally apologised to a Libyan man and his wife for the "appalling treatment" they suffered as a
© Provided by CQ Roll Call, Inc. As he was for much of 2016, Iowa Rep. Rod Blum is back
© Motor Trend Staff Rolls Royce Cullinan 12  We have reached peak SUV. Behold the 2019 Rolls-Royce Cullinan, the
© Provided by The Hill  National security adviser John Bolton is considering doing away with the top White House
© GK Visual The new craft beer documentary "Poured in Pennsylvania" features several Pittsburgh and Western Pennsylvania breweries, including Larimer's
© James Gourley/REX/Shutterstock chris stapleton, justin timberlake  Justin Timberlake's Man of the Woods Tour made a stop at Nashville's
A Victorian woman is seeking $3000 in damages from Qantas after her luggage was destroyed.  © Provided by Associated
© Provided by Business Insider Apple data center plan Apple  Apple's cancellation of a $1 billion data centre in
© Brian Higgins/CBC  An American living in Canada illegally has been sentenced to 90 days in jail and when
The Israeli army hit dozens of Iranian military targets in Syria overnight Thursday in response to what it said was
© Dave M. Benett/amfAR14/WireImage.com georgina-chapman-harvey-weinstein  Georgina Chapman is ready to share her side of the story. In a new
© PIUS UTOMI EKPEI/AFP/AFP/Getty Images Health officials take the body temperature of an Ukrainian sailor on the MV Pintail ship,
© AL DRAGO Trump spoke after meeting three American detainees upon their arrival from North Korea President Donald Trump says
Trump tweeted the announcement hours after he met three recently freed American hostages held by North Korea for crimes against
© Provided by AFP Silvio Berlusconi has given a green light to a possible Five Star-League coalition government deal 
Oil prices posted their biggest daily gains in a month, rising to fresh 3½ year highs Wednesday after President Donald
© StudioEAST—Getty Images A Boeing 777 passenger plane belonging to the United Airlines flies into the clouds after lifting off
ROME—The leaders of Italy’s hard-right League party and antiestablishment 5 Star Movement appeared close to forming a new government, possibly
© Kotaku  Heads up people: cheap Japan flights are on the table once again. And instead of going through
© EPA President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa expressed concern with the proposed minimum age of 16  Portugal's President Marcelo
© Provided by AFP An Israeli artillery unit takes position near the Syrian border in the Israeli-annexed Golan Heights on
© mike nelson/epa-efe/rex/shutters/EPA/Shutterstock California took a major step Wednesday toward becoming the first U.S. state to require solar panels on
© REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi Pope Francis speaks during his pastoral visit in Loppiano The Roman Catholic archbishop of Taiwan said on
© Provided by The Hill  Republican Arizona Senate candidate Kelli Ward's campaign paid former White House aide Sebastian Gorka
JERUSALEM — Israel's military on Thursday said it attacked dozens of Iranian targets in neighboring Syria in response to an
(Bloomberg) -- The Dutch arm of Air France-KLM Group is seeking a change in the beleaguered carrier’s management structure in
Illinois lawmakers are weighing legislation aimed at preventing manufacturers of synthetic marijuana from skirting laws banning the substance often sold
© Provided by Business Insider WASHINGTON, DC - JANUARY 30: U.S. President Donald J. Trump gestures as U.S. Vice President
© Provided by Business Insider Inc  Iran launched a missile strike on northern Israel late Wednesday night, with 20
© Provided by Independent Print Limited A dog trainer to millionaires and royals has been vindicated at the High Court
© Get.com Pte Ltd.  This article was originally on GET.com at: United Announces Launch Date For Daily Flights Between
Juan and Cristina’s honeymoon ended at the Moratalaz police station in Madrid, with Juan, the mayor of a small town
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  (Video by Times of India)  New Delhi: Among the measures
Earlier this month, Iraqi journalist Muntadher al-Zaidi - who shot to prominence in 2008 when he hurled a shoe at
An Ohio trucking agency found itself in a real pickle when it got stuck with thousands of pounds of cucumbers.
Spirited.  Research Make (e.g. Cadillac) Acura Alfa Romeo AM General Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler
LONDON — Facebook faced a wave of criticism for missing interference by Russian groups during the 2016 presidential campaign in
China likely will offer to import more U.S. goods during negotiations in Washington next week as the two sides see
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 6 NEXT SLIDE > Former President Carter criticized Trump's recent foreign policy decisions ©
Saudi Arabia and its Gulf allies basked on Wednesday in what they saw as a political victory over Iran, their
© Google Earth/The War Zone  Details are still emerging, but Israel says that areas of the Golan Heights that
Three Americans freed from a North Korean prison have been greeted by Donald Trump who thanked Kim Jong-un upon their
A new film by the enfant terrible of Russian theatre -- who is under house arrest in Moscow -- received
© Provided by AFP ZTE's fate has added a new source of tension in trade talks between China and the
Israel carried out widespread deadly raids against what it said were Iranian targets in Syria on Thursday after rocket fire
Overwhelming evidence shows that beating children harms them physically, mentally, emotionally and socially. And yet 19 US states still allow
© Provided by The Telegraph  Israel and Iran lurched closer to an all out war in Syria on Thursday
© Provided by The Independent A romantic gesture at Zurich Airport in Switzerland backfired after a passenger’s heartfelt efforts resulted
© Bloomberg/Bloomberg Second Round Of Talks On Forming A New Italian Government  © Bloomberg/Bloomberg Second Round Of Talks On
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 3 NEXT SLIDE > © Samantha Guff and Tiara Chiaramonte/CNN  Seventeen days before
Seoul, [South Korea] May 10 (ANI): South Korean Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-Wha will hold bilateral talks with United States Secretary
By Marton Dunai and Krisztina Than  By Marton Dunai and Krisztina Than  10/05/2018 By Marton Dunai and Krisztina
© Provided by AFP Kim Hak-song (R) and Tony Kim (2nd L) taught at Pyongyang University of Science and Technology
© Provided by AFP Around 35 babies have been born on migrant rescue ships in the Mediterranean in recent years
By Thomas Mukoya  © REUTERS/Thomas Mukoya An aerial view of rescue efforts near destroyed houses by flooding water after
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 4 NEXT SLIDE > taco bell 2 © Provided by Business Insider Inc 
© Provided by Al Jazeera Saad Hariri is expected to form the next government, despite his party losing a third
© Provided by Daily Maverick 2018-05-10-sadc-must-keep-its-eye-on-the-ball-in-madagascar  Editor’s note: The opinions in this article are the author’s, as published by
As a high school student in London, Grace Wales Bonner would take an hour-long bus ride that began in Dulwich,
China has deployed military aircraft to a third outpost in a disputed South China Sea island chain, a move which
© Get.com Pte Ltd.  This article was originally on GET.com at: Qatar Airways Wants To Establish Five-Star Hotel In
© Provided by Business Insider Israel Missile David's Sling Ministry of Defense via AP  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
© Provided by Fool soar high in the sky  I’ve been pounding the table on Cenovus Energy Inc.(TSX:CVE)(NYSE:CVE) for
© Provided by The Hill  One of the clients Michael Cohen referred to law and lobbying firm Squire Patton
© AP Photo Sheikha Latifa bint Mohammed Al Maktoum. “If you are watching this video it’s not such a good
Chinese farmers will gain Israeli agriculture know-how thanks to a new agreement signed today, the first day of the Agritech
© Provided by Business Insider President Trump tweeted about the upcoming phone call shortly after it was reported Kim Jong
"We fell in love but it was very difficult at first," Xu Jing explains from the courtyard of the Fairmont
Mahathir Mohamad is set to become the world's oldest prime minster after his opposition party was declared the winner of
© Newshub/Twitter  Editor’s note: The opinions in this article are the author’s, as published by our content partner, and
Kendra Jackson thought allergies were to blame for her persistently running nose.  Despite doctors assuring her that was the
© Provided by The Telegraph A "Walter Mitty fantasist" led police on a two-year wild goose chase spanning three countries
Justice Arun Mishra, who suffered collateral damage in two recent controversies concerning the Supreme Court, on Wednesday lashed out at
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  (Video provided by The Times of India)  AZADI will not
As Prime Minister Narendra Modi lashed out at Congress President Rahul Gandhi after he publicly declared his prime ministerial ambition,
© (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli) Diane Howard, the public defender for alleged serial killer Joseph James DeAngelo, is surrounded by reporters
By Dominique Patton  On Yaji Mountain in southern China, they are checking in the sows a thousand head per
© Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., arrives for his weekly news conference at the U.S.
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia — Mahathir Mohamad, who ruled Malaysia with an iron fist from 1981 to 2003, was sworn in
© Shutterstock  A group of bar owners and bartenders in Long Island, New York, have declared "war" on the
A Muslim worshipper has been killed and two others are fighting for their lives after their throats were slit during
MEDELLIN, Colombia — When Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos announced a number of emergency decrees last month in a bid
© WJLA  It's not uncommon to see political signs dotting the roadways; it's an election year, after all. 
© REUTERS/Darren Whiteside A mobile brigade policeman patrols outside the Mobile Police Brigade (Brimob) headquarters in Depok  By Darren
David Goodall expressed nothing but joy at being able to finally end his life in Switzerland. The scientist wants to
Paraguayan director Marcelo Martinessi’s “The Heiresses” won the grand prize and $18,600 (KRW 20 million) in the international competition section
F. Brinley Bruton and Reuters and The Associated Press  F. Brinley Bruton and Reuters and The Associated Press 
© AFP FILE: Former Zimbabwean first lady Grace Mugabe.  PRETORIA - The High Court in Pretoria has heard that
© Provided by AFP Peace taks between Colombia's government and its last rebel group National Liberation Army (ELN) resume in
In the 1980s, Italian multi-hyphenate Valeria Golino starred in Hollywood films such as “Rain Man,” ”Big Top Pee-wee,” and “Hot
(Bloomberg) -- Mexico front-runner Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador’s lead over runner-up Ricardo Anaya narrowed in two voter opinion polls, a
© Getty Images/iStockphoto Younger woman smoking a marijuana cigarette  Harmful cigarette smoke residue may be lurking in rooms where
Despite an increased uptick in the conversation regarding greater representation of female talent within the film industry, even indie-leaning film
© PA Abdel Hakim Belhaj was the victim of a so-called rendition operation mounted with the help of MI6. 
10 May 2018  History of royal weddings at St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle  © Provided by The Telegraph
Every second counts if you're suffering a stroke.  © Provided by Hearst Television, Inc.  Without quick and accurate
© REUTERS/Mariya Gordeyeva Policemen detain opposition supporters during a protest rally in Almaty  Kazakh police detained dozens of people
Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov Thursday called for dialogue between Israel and Iran following Israeli strikes on Iranian targets in
© REUTERS/Henry Romero Mexico's Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo delivers a news conference at Los Pinos presidential residence in Mexico City
A grouping of major powers urged Lebanon on Thursday to uphold a policy of keeping out of regional wars, after
An Iranian currency exchange network has been sanctioned by the US Treasury. The move, reportedly with the United Arab Emirates
As talk of the possible impeachment of Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens picked up steam last month, Illinois Senate President John
LOS ANGELES, California — In case you weren't aware (we're guessing most of you aren't since it's no longer sold
(Bloomberg) -- The U.S. and North Korea picked Singapore as the venue for a historic summit between Donald Trump and
© Bloomberg/Bloomberg 1505433653_rbs lede  © Bloomberg/Bloomberg RBS Agrees to Pay $4.9 Billion Fine to End U.S. Mortgage Probe 
© Provided by AFP Kim Hak-song (R) and Tony Kim (2nd L) taught at Pyongyang University of Science and Technology
France's President Emmanuel Macron on Thursday pressed German Chancellor Angela Merkel to move decisively and quickly on reforming the European
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz. — Arizona sits at the center of two simultaneous tectonic shifts occurring in the country; the growth in
© Sean Kilpatrick Minister Navdeep Bains didn’t pull out his diplomatic passport except at the very end, when a security
By Raya Jalabi  Six months ago, Iraq's Kurds believed they'd never have to participate in a national election again,
By Stephen Farrell and Angus McDowall  Israel said it attacked nearly all of Iran's military infrastructure in Syria on
© Bloomberg/Bloomberg Views of Shanghai as Xi\'s Indefinite Rule Feeds Doubt China Will Play by the Book  © Bloomberg/Bloomberg
With less than a month to the California primary, there is a lot at stake for the state's Republican Party.
© Supplied  There's a new Australian mobile network in town(s) and it's named TPG. To get people on board
Federal authorities Wednesday moved to shut down two of the country’s most prominent for-profit providers of stem cell therapy, one
By Warren Strobel  Fifteen years after invading Iraq over weapons of mass destruction and ties to al Qaeda that
The day she gave birth in Colombia, Ana Madriz, a 21-year-old Venezuelan woman, felt that this country may have saved
Video provided by Us Weekly  Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, are on official tour of France and
© Provided by Private Media Operations Pty Ltd.  A year ago, Cambodia was considered to have the most fiercely
Reuters Israeli soldiers walk next to tanks near the Israeli side of the border with Syria in the Israeli-occupied Golan
© Provided by Fool  The outlook for crude is growing more optimistic primarily because of Trump’s decision to exit
By Nate Raymond, Eric Walsh and Sinead Cruise  Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS.L) has agreed to pay a smaller-than-expected
© Provided by Radio New Zealand Limited The vast selection at The Malthouse.  Many in the craft beer industry
Video provided by The Mirror  When trucks full of stuff flip, they sometimes spill their contents on the ground.
© Jason Warick/CBC Stewart Garnett was adopted out during the Sixties Scoop to a Canadian family who moved to California.
© Provided by WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post  Editor’s note: The opinions in this article are the
© REUTERS/Stringer Colombia's National Liberation Army (ELN) negotiator Pablo Beltran and Colombia's government negotiator Gustavo Bell shake hands during peace
© Press Association Court artist sketch by Elizabeth Cook of Safaa Boular (left) appearing at the Old Bailey in London
A Nigerian diplomat has been found dead at his home in Khartoum, Nigeria's government and Sudanese police said Thursday, with
© Provided by Business Insider falcon 9 block 5 rocket bangabandhu satellite 1 spacex youtube SpaceX/YouTube  SpaceX tried to
Tim Draper, the billionaire venture capitalist and legend in the world of cryptocurrency, has an idea: Let’s split California into
WASHINGTON — President Trump frequently talks about reviving the American auto industry, but his approach to trade policy may backfire
© Provided by Albawaba.com Mrs. Mayan Zebeib, Chief Communications Officer, QF  Qatar Foundation (QF) is set to host a
A Newshub investigation into Filipino workers not getting jobs during a construction boom in Auckland has prompted a Government inquiry.
SINGAPORE: Singapore looks forward to developing an equally constructive relationship with the next Malaysian government, says Singapore Prime Minister Lee
© AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais White House Budget Director Mick Mulvaney speaks with members of the media after meeting with
© Provided by Business Insider donald trump xi jinping Andrew Harnik/AP Images  President Donald Trump's administration banned sales of
David William Goodall was an English-born Australian botanist and ecologist. On May 10th, the 104-year-old ended his life through voluntary
© Photograph: Chris Warren/Alamy Environmental measures from improving air and water quality and protecting endangered species in the UK are
© REUTERS/Damir Sagolj An Air Koryo logo is displayed on a plane at the airport in Pyongyang  North Korea's
© Photograph by Mauricio Handler, National Geographic Creaitve A great white shark swims in clear water off Guadalupe Island. Two
© Ann E. Parry/Liuba Grechen Shirley for Congress  The Federal Election Commission on Thursday approved a New York congressional
© Reuters flipkart  The Walmart-Flipkart deal may become a blessing in disguise as nearly hundreds of current and former
There’s a small chance that quite soon, you might actually, finally, be able to get something delivered in the US
© Phil Lewis/WENN.com A Meghan Markle waxwork unveiled by Madame Tussauds went on display beside her future husband at the
The two countries also agreed to resume a currency swap arrangement in times of financial emergency, and they will launch
© REUTERS/Lai Seng Sin Mahathir Mohamad, former Malaysian prime minister and opposition candidate for Pakatan Harapan (Alliance of Hope), casts
A recent cyclone near Madagascar has made vanilla is so expensive that some U.K. ice cream parlours have stopped selling
© Melanie Stetson Freeman/Staff A new entrepreneurial course delivered via text message launches in May of 2018 and will be
“When you fall at the beginning of the journey, it will be a good journey,” says genial producer Grímar Jónsson
By Jarrett Renshaw and Devika Krishna Kumar  U.S. East Coast refiners are shipping more shale oil from the Gulf
© Provided by Independent Media Lion cubs bred in captivity. Picture: Audrey Delsink  Two South African hunting associations that
© Provided by Singapore Business Review How will Malaysia's elections shocker affect bilateral ties with neighbour Singapore?  Analysts are
© Reuters A security officer from Doorbin Hotel assesses the debris after a suicide car explosion in front of the
© India Today collage_647__1__1  The Sonam Kapoor-Anand Ahuja wedding had the whole country glued to the celebrations. The couple
A recent survey in the UK showed that Indian migrants are more accepted than those from other South Asian communities.
© Other Bear being fed ice cream. Pic: CTVNews  A wildlife park has been fined after forgetting to tell
A Libyan man who was kidnapped and tortured by Colonel Gaddafi's forces after an alleged British tip-off is expected to
Kourtney Kardashian is soaking up the sun!  After surprising her boyfriend, Younes Bendjima, with an unexpected trip for his
Israel’s military carried out strikes against Iranian targets in Syria after it said Iranian forces based there fired rockets at
© Bloomberg/Bloomberg Italian President Sergio Mattarella Holds Talks With Political Parties In Last-Ditch Attempt To Form Government  (Bloomberg) --
© Provided by Hearst Communications, Inc SAN RAFAEL, CA - APRIL 23: Romaine lettuce is displayed on a shelf at
*Trump: North Korea Has Released Three U.S. Detainees  *Trump: Men ‘Seem to Be in Good Health’  *Trump: Ex-Detainees
© REUTERS/Edgard Garrido/File Photo FILE PHOTO: Members of a caravan of migrants from Central America enter the United States border
© Businessworld China research in PHL waters for the sake of science, Palace says  By Camille A. Aguinaldo 
The panel discussion at the European Day in Qatar focused on the importance of preserving and protecting cultural heritage. PICTURE:
© Reuters Economic concerns were central as voters went to the polls on Wednesday  Mahathir Mohamad is set to
© Ryan Remiorz/THE CANADIAN PRESS Marie-Michelle Lacoste, who now goes by Warda Naili after converting to Islam, has spoken out
© Provided by Trinity Mirror Plc Credits: BACKGRID UK  Emma Stone has sparked rumours that she's seeing Justin Theroux.
ByAbubakari Ibrahim Wangara, GNA  Wa, May 09, GNA – The prices of Guinea Fowlshave been projected by dealers to
© FREDERIC J. BROWN/AFP/Getty Images TOPSHOT - A man watches as lava is seen sewing from a fissure in the
Facebook is asking users in Europe which news sources they trust to help it gauge whether to extend a change
Sen. Angus King (I-Maine) on Thursday said President Trump deserves "substantial credit" for facilitating a summit between the United States
© Provided by WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post LORENGAU, Papua New Guinea — Atop a hillock on the
Israel and Iran exchanged missile fire as tensions flaring between the two countries have lead to fears that the Middle
At least 20 people died when their homes were swept away after a dam burst in southern Kenya following heavy
© Provided by AFP Carlos Veiga, a 44-year-old from Caracas whose parents were from Galicia, arrived in Vigo in November
© Used with permission of / © Rogers Media Inc. 2018. Writer Pascale Diverlus and her mother (Courtesy of Pascale
A Washington Post investigation published Thursday found that properties in low-income Georgia neighborhoods linked to Fox News host Sean Hannity
(ATTN: UPDATES with background, Singapore's statement from 14th para)  WASHINGTON, May 10 (Yonhap) -- U.S. President Donald Trump announced
Having faced many trials and tribulations over the past few years, this moment brought with it a wave of triumph
© Provided by Toronto Star In this April 27 photo, North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, left, and South Korean
© iStock / borchee Best-Kept Secret Travel Destinations in the World  Americans travel to the most to Mexico, Canada,
© Provided by The Telegraph Venice officials have made yet another attempt to reduce the impact of mass tourism by
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo will immediately put pressure on U.S. allies to follow the U.S.’s lead in cracking down
The spectacle of politics and how it fits, or doesn’t, into the nation’s culture. Subscribe to our newsletter here. 
Congress just dropped the Russian trolling motherlode.  Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee released on Thursday more than 3,000
© Evan Balgord/CBC Three Percenters take part in a Toronto rally May 6 against M-103, a lIberal-sponsored motion condemning Islamophobia.
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited  Duncan Greive for The Spinoff  Statistics released under official information legislation reveal
Warning: This article contains details that may be distressing to some readers  © Image - supplied; Video - Newshub.
© Provided by Business Insider Inc  Here's a test. Get a map and try to point to the tiny
© REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque FILE PHOTO - U.S. President Trump and first lady Melania Trump dine with Japan's Prime Minister Abe
AFP Israeli Merkava tanks and soldiers near the Syrian border in the Israel-annexed Golan Heights 1  Tensions continue to
A Bucharest court acquitted former Romanian prime minister Victor Ponta on Thursday of charges of forgery, money-laundering and being an
It will be Prime Minister Narendra Modi's third visit to Nepal in four years when he reaches the country tomorrow
© Tiziana Fabi/AFP/Getty Images, Alessandro Bianchi/Reuters Luigi Di Maio of Five Star, left, and Matteo Salvini of the League are
Luann de Lesseps is sharing more details about the hours leading up to her arrest last December.  On Wednesday,
Pakistan's parliament has approved a law guaranteeing basic rights for transgender people in a country which sees prevalent discrimination. 
By Nate Raymond  A Massachusetts man was arrested on Wednesday and accused by federal prosecutors of stealing two Andy
© Picjumbo PHOTO: Turneffe Atoll (photo courtesy Belize Tourism Board) What happens when a well-known YouTuber reports that they found
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  ZTE Corp, China’s biggest publicly traded telecommunications equipment provider, has
French President Emmanuel Macron has received the Charlemagne Prize in Aachen "in recognition of his vision of a new Europe."
A school in Texas has decided to stop giving pupils birthday spankings after parents complained about the “special celebration”. 
© Provided by Independent Print Limited At least 20 people have died and hundreds are homeless after a dam burst
Just seven of the 50 current governors have previously served in the House, and only five of those were elected
Tuesday marked the first big, multistate primary night of the 2018 election cycle, with a flurry of competitive races -
© Associated Newspapers (Ireland) Limited, t/a dmg Media Ireland  The Ireland Eurovision performance has grabbed headlines after we finally
Israel has called on Saudi Arabia and other U.S.-aligned Gulf Arab states to help take on their mutual foe, Iran,
© Menahem Kahana/AFP/Getty Images Israeli troops training in the Golan Heights in 2015. That’s the same area where Iran reportedly
© ITV/Rex/Shutterstock Reg Gadney in Jamaica for the filming of Goldeneye, 1989, based on the life of Ian Fleming. Gadney
Things at Hawaii's erupting Kilauea volcano are kicking up.  The volcano has already been oozing lava, which has gobbled
© White House via AP File photo: In this image released by the White House, then-CIA director Mike Pompeo shakes
Hawaii's Kilauea volcano, already spewing lava and toxic gases into the air, could get much worse over the next few
By David Shepardson and Jeffrey Dastin  Apple Inc soon will be capturing images of North Carolina by drone; a
© image/jpeg Donald Trump has added to the international tension triggered by his decision to abandon the Iran weapons deal,
© Bloomberg/Bloomberg Flying Rubber Neckers Disrupt Drones Working On Texas Recovery  (Bloomberg) -- Uber Technologies Inc. plans to deliver
© Provided by IBT Media The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) is reportedly seeking to militarize security at the U.S.-Mexico
Malaysia hopes that giving power to the world’s oldest elected leader will lead to some wisdom in its government. 
© Bloomberg Key Speakers at the Annual Boao Forum  Wu Xiaohui, former chairman of Anbang Insurance Group Co., was
© Provided by New York Media  Summer hikes call for summer hiking sandals: Your regular boots will be too
© Bloomberg/Bloomberg Vas Narasimhan  (Bloomberg) -- Novartis AG Chief Executive Officer Vas Narasimhan said the Swiss drugmaker “made a
© Shutterstock/John Panella Health care unions met with the province on Thursday to find out the ramifications of Bill 29,
© Provided by Hearst Communications, Inc Board of Regents President Mark Ojakian meet with Hearst Connecticut Media editorial board on
Businesswoman Norah Casey has said she is being hounded for tickets for the Pope’s visit and declared it will be
EU should give up "nightmares" of United States of Europe, said Hungarian nationalist leader Viktor Orban while starting his fourth
© The Edge Communications Sdn Mhd  SINGAPORE (May 10): Singapore will continue to work closely with Malaysia's new government
© Bloomberg/Bloomberg Trading On The Floor Of The NYSE As Stocks Retreat Before Price Data  © Bloomberg/Bloomberg Alstom to
By David Shepardson  Landmark U.S. "net neutrality" rules will expire on June 11, and new regulations handing providers broad
The president of Portugal has blocked a move to make it easier for people to change their gender identity on
© Provided by The Press Association A project is aiming to boost numbers of rare breeding black-tailed godwits in the
Stating that he is visiting Nepal at the invitation of its Prime Minister K.P. Sharma Oli, Modi said in a
When Israeli missiles rained down on multiple Iranian targets across Syria overnight, it was one of Israel’s largest military operations
On Wednesday, May 9, Delaware Governor John Carney (D) signed H.B. 337 into law, a bill that made Delaware the
As far as dessert goes, vanilla ice cream is the reliable (if not a little boring) staple that you can
© Syrian Civil Defense White Helmets/The Associated Press This photo, provided by the Syrian Civil Defence group known as the
Scientists believe that the domestication of the horse some 5,000 years ago was a major turning point in human history:
© Provided by Independent Print Limited Commuters faced travel misery as severe delays hit four Tube lines during the morning
Donald Trump has hailed the capture of five Islamic State terrorists, describing them as the "five most wanted leaders" of
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited A teacher in Texas claims she was fired because of her same-sex relationship. 
Jollibee Foods Corp (JFC) announced yesterday that it would invest US$33.4 million (S$45 million or Php 1.74 billion) in a
By Agustinus Beo Da Costa  Islamist militant prisoners at a high-security jail in Indonesia have killed five police and
© Getty Images Matteo Salvini, the leader of the League party, speaks to the press in Rome.  Italy’s Five
© India Today Sonam Kapoor  When Sonam Kapoor stepped out in a grey and off-white lehenga on the day
© TheWrap "Roseanne" revival cast photo On Tuesday night's episode of ABC's controversial revival of "Roseanne," the title character, played
Avicii’s girlfriend has revealed that she's been trolled on social media over the DJ’s death.  The Swedish star, real
© REUTERS/Thomas Mukoya An aerial view of rescue efforts near destroyed houses by flooding water after a dam burst, in
Some companies are exploiting migrants who lack an understanding of New Zealand's employment laws, a union representing orchard workers says.
(Bloomberg Businessweek) -- Behind the 65-story glass tower that houses the shiny new headquarters of Abu Dhabi National Oil Co.
© AAP Former Victorian milk millionaire Ken Lacey.  A Gold Coast judge has jailed former Victorian milk millionaire Ken
© AFP. File: Reuters journalist Kyaw Soe Oo (C) talks to the media as he leaves after a court appearance
© Provided by AFP Glimpses of the jet's interior are rare  The plane that flew Kim Jong Un to
Video provided by Nine News  The notorious hitman who made a career out of violent murders spread across decades
© Twitter. Residents of Ga-Seleka in Lephalale embarked on a protest that saw three trucks burnt on 9 May 2018.
Video by Washington Post  Lolade Siyonbola, a 34-year-old black graduate student at Yale University, was forced to defend her
© Provided by Al Jazeera Paramedics attend to a wounded man after attackers entered a mosque in Verulam on Thursday
© The Associated Press Alexander Rybak from Norway performs the song 'That's How You Write A Song' in Lisbon, Portugal,
© Provided by Business Insider RBS CEO Ross McEwan RBS  RBS agrees $4.9 billion fine with US Department of
Fifteen victims of last May's brawl outside the Turkish embassy in Washington, D.C., filed a civil suit on Thursday against
Cambodia on Friday condemned a proposal by a U.S. Congressman to impose financial sanctions on long-serving Prime Minister Hun Sen
© Photograph by Matthew Fisher Since the 1970s, the aquatic fungus Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis has triggered die-offs in hundreds of amphibian
Tony Blair is under pressure to apologise after the Prime Minister admitted the UK Government – led by him at
© Dreamstime/Wichita Eagle/TNS A new Kansas law makes it illegal for police to have sex with people they have in
By Simon Lewis and Sam Aung Moon  Thousands of young people in northern Myanmar have staged one of the
From the Met Gala to the BBQ shop!  After a quick trip to New York City — where she
© Courtesy plansmatter.com  © Courtesy Siggen Stinesen and Steve King Northern Lights can often be seen dancing across the
© KPHO/KTVK Jacqueline Ades, 31  You think you've been on a bad date? We're pretty sure it went nothing
© Provided by Hearst Television, Inc. A Des Moines mom is demanding answers after her son was left on the
© Korean Central News Agency/Korea News Service/AP In this Wednesday, photo provided on Thursday by the North Korean government, US
© Provided by AFP Mokoko supporters loudly proclaimed their support in Brazzaville during the 2016 presidential campaign  Congolese general
© REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton/File Photo FILE PHOTO: Nigerian President Buhari addresses the 72nd United Nations General Assembly at U.N. headquarters in
By Paulina Duran  AMP Ltd (AMP.AX) could see A$35 billion in investor outflows due to the hit to its
Last summer, the Fire Ball thrill ride snapped apart at the Ohio State Fair, killing 18-year-old Tyler Jarrell and wounding
SACRAMENTO, Calif. - Even after previous tax windfalls, Gov. Jerry Brown's announcement Friday was breathtaking: California has collected an unexpected
© The White House via Getty Images Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said the US and North Korea are in
© Provided by The New Indian Express Indian army soldiers patrol near the Line of Control in Poonch district after
This may have been a week of serious cognitive dissonance for Justin Trudeau. He apologized emotionally at a Jewish fundraiser,
© Provided by The Star Online Marina Mahathir hugs her husband as she is overwhelmed with emotion after her father,
© Provided by AFP Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau speaks with AFP journalists on May 9, 2018  Canada will
© Justice pour Naomi Musenga/Facebook  In pain too agonizing for her to describe, a young woman calls emergency services.
By Andrew Cawthorne and Andreina Aponte  Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos predicted on Friday there would be "regime change"
Iran has denied involvement in rocket attacks on the Golan Heights that led to Israeli strikes on Iranian sites in
© AAP/Rebecca Le May/via REUTERS Police Commissioner Chris Dawson addresses the media in Perth, Australia, 11 May 2018.  Seven
© Provided by AFP Police found nearly half a tonne of crystal meth concealed in tea packages  Ten million
© Provided by The Hill  An Atlanta-area police officer has been suspended after dash cam footage recorded him manhandling
Months have passed since the Trump administration announced that the Temporary Protected Status (TPS) granted to immigrants from Nicaragua, Haiti,
It is officially in wedding season, and perhaps one of the biggest and most newsworthy weddings of the year is
© CBC Donisha Prendergast, one of four people who were detained by police as they exited a California Airbnb rental,
© PA Protesters take part in a March for Europe rally against Brexit in Parliament Square, central London. Leave.EU has
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited Britain’s armed forces could be almost £21bn short of the money
A coral snake bite has left an Alabama man paralyzed in an intensive care unit.  Jeffrey Phillips was bitten
Meghan McCain, the daughter of six-term Arizona Republican Sen. John McCain, once again had to use her platform as a
© Tyson Koschik/CBC CBD oil is considered a Schedule 2 drug in Canada and should only be sold to those
© Trinity Mirror A woman who suffers from Crohn's disease was left humiliated when staff at a Zara store refused
© Provided by AFP Leave.EU founder Arron Banks condemned the investigation into the campaign as "a politically motivated attack on
By Duncan Miriri  Kenya's chief prosecutor on Friday ordered police to investigate a dam-burst on a commercial farm in
By Praveen Menon  Malaysia's newly-elected Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad said on Friday that the country's monarch has indicated he
(Bloomberg) -- Foreigners who helped Malaysia become one of Asia’s most popular stock markets may start pulling their money out
A mother was pinned between the hood of livery car and the front of a Chelsea deli as her horrified
© Collect Unknown Katrina and her four children  A mother and her four autistic children are among the seven
In October 2016, three dogs in Broward County, Florida, showed symptoms of overdose after they assisted in a federal drug
Offshore oil and natural gas drilling in the eastern part of the Gulf of Mexico would likely be incompatible with
Kathie Lee Gifford was part of a one-sided feud with Howard Stern for decades, and she had no idea why.
© Bloomberg/Bloomberg Inside CANSEC 2017 Global Defense Trade Show  The U.S. Transportation Security Administration is expressing “regret” after airport
Former Rep. Mel Reynolds (D-Ill.) was sentenced Thursday to six months in prison for failing to file federal income tax
WASHINGTON—The Trump administration is signaling that it plans to undo several rules governing higher education and student aid during the
© Provided by Guardian  Sir John Major has warned that a hard border in Ireland will be unavoidable unless
Two Britons are among several tourists who have been kidnapped after a convoy was attacked in the Virunga National Park,
A group of 16 Republican senators has announced a willingness to work through August if that’s what it takes to
Merkel also explained Germany's stance on arms exports and spoke about the Iran nuclear deal. The most memorable statement concerned
Daredevil 91-year-old thought to have become country’s oldest wing-walker A daring 91-year-old is thought to have set a new record
Welcome to Refresh – a new initiative by young people, for young people, to provide a free-market response to Britain's
© AFP Rescue workers are digging through the mud following Wednesday's disaster  The desperate search for dozens of people
UPDATE 05/11/2018: On May 11, three people, including two British tourists, in Virunga National Park were kidnapped when their convoy
When it comes to attracting foreign shoots in Spain, the motto could well be: “It’s the tax breaks, stupid.” 
© CBC At the Nunavut Court of Justice in Iqaluit Justice Earl Johnson sentenced Mark Paneak to five years in
If the people of Florida want to keep Baltimore’s vibrant state bird wintering on their shores, they’re going to have
State officials warned Friday that the fire danger in New Hampshire is high because of dry conditions and gusty winds.
Israel warned the Syrian regime on Friday to “get rid of the Iranians” or else risk further large scale Israeli
On Monday, The New Yorkerpublished a bombshell report alleging New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman (D) physically and verbally abused
© Motor1.com Ford Mondeo Vignale  The company wants to make Europe and South America highly-profitable markets.  Ford is
A proposal to overhaul the way Utah draws its political boundaries appears likely to qualify for the November ballot, after
© REUTERS/Terray Sylvester Smoke and steam rise from a fissure east of the Leilani Estates subdivision during ongoing eruptions of
After the disinformation campaigns from Russian media and the activation of automated networks of social media accounts to popularize hoaxes
© Provided by AFP The red pandas are coveted for their shiny copper fur and "cute" appearance  Munching on
The message was unusual for an Arab leader in its blunt defense of Israel.  WASHINGTON — The Bahraini foreign
© Mike Gottlieb Rudy Giuliani appeared in a Broward County, Florida, courtroom Friday. Photo courtesy of attorney Mike Gottlieb. 
© Radio-Canada Alcanna is looking to get into the cannabis business with the support of major cannabis producer Aurora 
The substance behind more than a dozen hospitalisations after a reported gas leak in Auckland on Thursday is yet to
© Provided by WAtoday A major investigation is under way into the shocking incident. The president of the Shire of
Robert N. Hall’s legacy can be found at almost every checkout counter — that little red blinking laser scanner that
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 35 NEXT SLIDE > 31 - Remembering Princess Diana © REUTERS/Simon Kreitem  No
New York acting Attorney General Barbara Underwood wants to keep the job for the rest of the year, her spokeswoman
© Provided by Business Insider Donald Trump at the Western Wall Evan Vucci/AP  President Donald Trump will have a
By Paul Carrel and Joseph Nasr  Germany is ready to help its firms continue doing business in Iran, its
Iran on Friday supported Syria's right to defend itself against aggression from Israel, state TV reported, accusing others of remaining
© Provided by The Hill Delaware has become the first state to ban child marriage.  Gov. John Carney (D)
© Facebook  The Future Starts Here, a new exhibition at London's V&A museum, presents 100 objects that trace a
© Provided by AFP Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny was arrested in Moscow after calling for nationwide protests against Vladimir
© Provided by Associated Newspapers Limited Pamela Anderson has written a letter to Kanye West asking him to help her
It's nearly time for Eurovision 2018 , with the grand final on Saturday.  While all eyes will be on
© Provided by AFP Jean-Marie Michel Mokoko, 71, a former chief of staff of the Republic of Congo's army, denies
© Provided by Business Insider palmdale california high school shooting Los Angeles Daily News/Dean Musgrove via Associated Press  A
TORONTO - The Bank of Canada’s senior deputy governor is calling for more diverse perspectives at the policy decision-making table
© Provided by Business Insider chrystia freeland hand note Anthony Esposito/Reuters  Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland has appeared at
By Paul Carrel and Leigh Thomas  Europe's heavyweight economies took steps on Friday to safeguard their interests in Iran,
The Senate Intelligence Committee is expressing an interest in hearing from former FBI Director James Comey again as part of
Houses destroyed by the 2008 Sichuan earthquake in Beichuan have been kept frozen in time since  China on Saturday
WASHINGTON—The U.S. military has concluded that “no single failure or deficiency” was to blame for the October ambush that killed
LONDON - Britain has apologised to Libyan former rebel Abdul Hakim Belhadj and his wife Fatima Boudchar over the role
The U.S. is calling on North Korea to relocate its nuclear engineers overseas and discard data from its nuclear development
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 8 NEXT SLIDE > People hold banners with pictures of missing persons during a
A dozen North Korean waitresses and their male manager who were praised for a daring escape from their government have
The U.S. and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) have reportedly signed a deal resolving the years-old dispute over alleged Emirati
The Democratic Republic of Congo is currently fighting its ninth Ebola outbreak—and Jean-Jacques Muyembe Tamfum is as calm as ever.
© Provided by The Hill  A top nuclear expert has resigned from the State Department following President Trump's decision
This article was originally on GET.com at: New Zealand Launches New Tourism Campaign Just As Australia Sees Record Tourism Numbers
China’s ride-hailing giant Didi Chuxing is suspending one of its ride services and promising sweeping driver checks and operation reviews
The call by UN human rights officials came after the death toll in anti-government protests rose by one more student.
Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen was reportedly close to resigning after President Trump berated her during a Cabinet meeting. 
Reuters Joseph James DeAngelo, 72, appears at his arraignment in California Superior court in Sacramento Joseph James DeAngelo appeared in
Eurovision fever has gripped the nation as we anxiously anticipate Ryan O'Shaughnessy's performance on the music contest on Saturday night.
In a long-awaited measure to bolster a country fighting to recover from an ongoing economic crisis and seeking to reposition
Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) on Friday said it's unlikely President Trump and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) would want
The oldest person in the United States has died at the age of 114.  Delphine Gibson died on Wednesday,
© Provided by Independent Media Ridwaan Bawa, a former newspaper executive editor and magazine editor, is writing a weekly column
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  Since last August, nearly 700,000 members of Myanmar’s Rohingya community
© Carl De Souza, AFP | Brazilian activist against corruption Andre Rhouglas, carries a cross with hang...  Authorities are
© Facebook Miranda Stone says she has been stuck in Edmonton, unable to board a plane because her Nunatukavut ID
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 3 NEXT SLIDE > Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif criticized US President Donald
The Congolese Army launched an operation on Friday night to pursue an unidentified militia group who kidnapped two British tourists
© Provided by AOL Inc.  The Austin City Council voted this week to prohibit its police department from selling
“The Monster Within,” a banner Latin American smart genre project that won a Sitges Fest Pitchbox competition, has now attracted
Brexit, austerity and immigration policies imposed by the Government have made the UK a more racist country, a UN inspector
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  A top-level Chinese delegation will arrive in Washington for a
© Getty Images There are nearly 25,000 nurses from outside the EU working in the NHS in England.  Non-EU
On the face of it, secretly indulging in 1920s-era cocktails in some hidden-away Prohibition-era space has very little to do
© Provided by Singapore Business Review Singapore invites new business models for moneylending  It will issue licenses for up
Israel's Defence Minister warned Syrian President Bashar al-Assad on Friday to renounce the Iranian military presence in his country, saying
© EPA Iranians burn US and Israel flags in a state-organised rally in Mashhad, January 2018.  In the 39
A White House aide's dismissive comments about Sen. John McCain's (R-Ariz.) health, made while downplaying McCain's opposition to President Trump's
© Provided by AOL Inc.  “Fox & Friends” host Pete Hegseth trashed the “failing New York Times” on Friday
© Provided by Independent Media Johannesburg model Gabriella Engels, with her mother Debbie, at the High Court in Pretoria. The
© Susan Walsh/AP White House chief of staff John Kelly walks down the steps of Air Force One at Andrews
Nearly half of Massachusetts’ community college students and a third in the state colleges and universities cannot afford consistent access
© Provided by The Hill  President Trump is holding a campaign rally in Indiana on Thursday night.  The
© Provided by AFP Nepali Prime Minister K.P Sharma Oli greets Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who has cast his
Donald Trump's pullout of the Iran deal caused long-term damage to ties between Washington and Berlin, Germany's Foreign Minister Heiko
Viktor Orban was elected for his third straight term as prime minister after his landslide win last month, becoming the
© Provided by CNN  Former Trump campaign aide Sam Nunberg has been requested to appear before the Senate Intelligence
He will always be Black Panther to film fans in most places in the world, but in South Korea, Chadwick
WASHINGTON—The Trump administration offered North Korea leader Kim Jong Un a significant incentive on Friday, vowing to help the isolated
VMware Inc's (VMW.N) Chief Financial Officer Zane Rowe has indicated he will turn down the offer to be become Uber
© Provided by Independent Media Zimbabwe's former First Lady Grace Mugabe. File picture:  Pretoria - The High Court in
© Yonhap News Agency  (ATTN: ADDS more comments, photo)  SEOUL, May 11 (Yonhap) -- South Korea's unification minister
Spanish pilots' union SEPLA has broken off talks with Ryanair (RYA.I) over a union recognition agreement and says it plans
A house fire in Queens that caused residents to crawl out of windows and jump for their lives left a
© AFP/Getty Images An Israeli soldier during a military drill in the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights.  Israel’s retaliatory attack on
Upbit, the fourth largest cryptocurrency exchange in the world, is under investigation for charges of faking its balance sheet and
© Motor1.com UK 25th Anniversary Mini Convertible  Hundreds of enthusiasts are expected to descend on Praia de Mira. 
By Noah Browning and Alexander Cornwell  Military transport planes from the United Arab Emirates landed on the sleepy Yemeni
By Sijia Jiang  Chinese smartphone maker Coolpad Group said its unit has sued three group firms of Xiaomi, which
© Provided by The Hill A group of Republican senators are urging Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) to cancel the
© Getty Images A Social Security card wedged in between fanned cash bills. The Social Security Act, when signed into
The $16-billion Flipkart-Walmart deal, in which the US retail giant Walmart is buying 77 per cent of the Indian e-commerce
The United States supports Argentine President Mauricio Macri's economic reform programme, the White House said on Thursday, after Buenos Aires
By Jillian Buckley  |  The hidden secrets, facts, lawsuits, and promotions you never knew you needed to know
© Rich Pedroncelli/Associated Press Prosecutors in Santa Barbara County brought four additional murder charges against accused serial killer Joseph James
China is considering implementing centralized custody accounts for funds from the country's payment platforms, the state-run Securities Times reported late
© FMT MEDIA SDN BHD  As Malaysians celebrate the outcome of May 9 and embark on the long weekend,
After weeks of speculations, US president Donald Trump has finally announced that he will meet North Korean leader Kim Jong
© Provided by CNET New Apple Shinjuku Store Preview In Tokyo  Three years of planning delays soured Apple on
Newshub understands the train derailment in Auckland's Britomart on Wednesday morning may have been caused by potentially faulty Chinese steel.
© Provided by Business Insider falcon 9 block 5 rocket launch bangabandhu satellite 1 spacex youtube SpaceX/YouTube  SpaceX successfully
© Provided by Evening Standard Limited  Rylan Clark-Neal has pulled out of his role as co-commentator for the Eurovision
Getty Images Trevor Hemmings and Many Clouds Trevor Hemmings has owned three Grand National-winning horses, including Many Clouds 1 
© Getty Images Jeremy Corbyn and Scottish Labour leader Richard Leonard in Glasgow on Friday.  Jeremy Corbyn has condemned
Kasich has so far refused to endorse Mike DeWine, the Republican nominee to succeed him, citing concerns about the future
On Friday, the World Health Organization announced it is preparing for “the worst case scenario” in the new Ebola outbreak
© Provided by AFP 'We must win hearts and minds': Zimbabwe's President Mnangagwa  Zimbabwe's President Emmerson Mnangagwa on Friday
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 5 NEXT SLIDE > A general view of one of the ancient historic houses
Investors who are bullish on gold have several options to potentially profit from that thesis. They can buy the physical
© Catapult Ventures Pte Ltd Cheapest Travel Destinations for Singapore Public Holidays 2018  As we inch towards the second
© Provided by AFP Russian President Vladimir Putin has previously voiced "deep concern" over US President Donald Trump's decision and
© Provided by AFP US President Donald Trump's decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israel's capital has sparked anger across the
© AFP / Nicholas Kamm File: US President Donald Trump is heading to California on Tuesday.  Trump picks Tibor
© Provided by Business Insider EOS Markets Insider  Cryptocurrencies are falling on Friday, with the worst hit down 16%.
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  Video provided by HuffPost Canada  One of the men subjected
Brian Potaczek recently bought his first box of Girl Scout cookies, a small act full of meaning for the 31-year-old
© Provided by Grub Street  Companies have arranged loads of stunt food deliveries by drone (Domino’s pizza, Chipotle burritos,
Democratic Sen. Tim Kaine (Va.) said on Friday that he will oppose CIA Deputy Director Gina Haspel's nomination to lead
© Provided by AFP Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau predicts other countries will follow Canada's lead in legalizing cannabis 
© Paul Chiasson/Canadian Press Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard stand next to the site of the
© Provided by AFP Combinaison de photographies créée le 10 mai 2018 montrant le chef du Mouvement 5 étoiles, Luigi
Authorities in Guatemala have asked Sweden and Venezuela to recall their ambassadors, accusing them of meddling in Guatemalan affairs. Stockholm
(Bloomberg) -- Mazda Motor Corp. named Akira Marumoto its next chief executive officer to lead a revival in earnings growth
© RNZ no caption Up to 500 migrant workers brought into Auckland could be living in overcrowded houses, a union
© Provided by Business Insider Rudy Giuliani / Joshua Roberts/Reuters  President Donald Trump's personal attorney, Rudy Giuliani, explained why
© Nathan Rochford/Canadian Press After a sweeping immigration probe, two Charlottetown hoteliers have been charged with helping set up fake
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said Friday that the U.S. would be willing to offer economic help to North Korea
© Canadian Press/Fred Chartrand The United Nations Human Rights Council told Justice Minister Jody Wilson-Raybould that Canada needs to work
By Lesley Wroughton and David Brunnstrom  North Korea can look forward to "a future brimming with peace and prosperity"
© Bloomberg/Bloomberg What Ramaphosa Is Doing to Fix South Africa's State Companies  (Bloomberg) -- South Africa’s biggest state companies
WASHINGTON — President Trump announced on Thursday that his meeting with the North Korean leader, Kim Jong-un, will be held
(Bloomberg) -- Short selling could get a little bit easier in China after the country’s domestic stocks join MSCI Inc.’s
It will be the biggest ever conference hosted by Belfast Waterfront, with around 5,000 delegates expected to visit the city
Sen. Bob Menendez (D-N.J.) is raising questions about President Trump's possible conflicts of interest in Panama, after lawyers for his
Trading in the shares of utility company EDP-Energias de Portugal (EDP.LS) was suspended on Friday, as media reported that a
© Provided by Business Insider elon musk  SpaceX successfully launched the newest and final version of its workhorse Falcon
A heroin addict with 187 offences on his record will serve NO extra jail time despite burgling a bride’s hotel
© AFP/Getty Images Iranians set fire to a makeshift U.S. flag during a demonstration after Friday prayer in the capital
For many states, primary season is “Tell us how you really feel” season.  And Wisconsin GOP Senate candidate Leah
The UK Foreign Office is investigating reports that two British nationals have been kidnapped in the Democratic Republic of Congo’s
Senior administration officials on Friday dismissed the notion that President Donald Trump’s decision to move the U.S. embassy in Israel
Indonesian villagers living in the shadow of one of the world's most active volcanoes fled to safety Friday as Mount
The Eurovision Song Contest is taking over in Lisbon, but Portugal's capital has its own long musical history. Musician Telmo
U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen told colleagues she was close to resigning after being criticized by President Donald Trump
© Getty Images MONROVIA, LIBERIA - FEBRUARY 02: Health workers in protective clothing await patients in the outpatient lounge of
© Tim Rooke/REX/Shutterstock Meghan Markle attends an Invictus Games Reception with the Australian High Commission at Australia House in London
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited    Hundreds of healthcare workers are expected to descend on Auckland's Aotea
MANILA — The Philippines’ highest court Friday forced out its chief justice, removing a fierce critic of President Rodrigo Duterte
By Maggie Fick  A dam on a Kenyan commercial farm that burst this week, killing at least 45 people,
© CBS San Francisco k-9-concord-hacking.jpg  CONCORD, Calif. — A Bay Area student has been accused of hacking into his
A painting of Grenfell Tower is to be displayed in Downing Street after being presented to the Prime Minister at
© Provided by Business Insider Inc student stripping for thesis    C ornell University student Letitia Chai delivered
Video by Wochit News  White House chief of staff John Kelly claims in a new interview that a vast
AT&T on Friday ousted its top lobbyist, and the No. 2 wireless carrier's chief executive said it was a "big
© Provided by The Hill  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert on Friday said she believes the recent release of
Visiting Nevada’s Yucca Mountain in 2011 was like walking through a ghost town, Rep. John Shimkus recalled in an interview
Kenya joins the list of African nations with space ambitions launching its first satellite today (May 11).  The cube
© Provided by AFP Taiwan has accused China of 'sabre rattling' with its air and naval drills near the island
By Linda Sieg and Kiyoshi Takenaka  A Japanese cabinet minister called on Friday for a law to strengthen relief
By A. Ananthalakshmi and Joseph Sipalan  Malaysia's newly-elected Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad plans to appoint a finance ministry adviser
If you haven't yet heard of plogging, it won't take you long to wrap your head around it.  The
By Brendan Pierson  Billionaire Macau real estate developer Ng Lap Seng was sentenced to four years in prison on
© Matt Mawson / Getty Images Guadalupe Basilica church and Mexico City skyline  If there’s one travel itinerary I’m
© Provided by The Verge  In Google’s demonstration of its new AI assistant Duplex this week, the voice assistant
© Provided by AFP This file photo taken last year in DR Congo shows healthcare workers at an Ebola quarantine
WASHINGTON - Radioactive waste from nuclear power plants across the country could be headed to West Texas under legislation passed
Seven people, including a mother, her four children, and their two grandparents, were found dead in Western Australia on Friday,
© Provided by The New York Observer LLC  Walmart’s successful acquisition of a controlling stake in India’s e-commerce giant
By Andrew Osborn  Russia is not in talks with the Syrian government about supplying advanced S-300 ground-to-air missiles and
A prominent Vietnam veterans advocacy group is calling for a Trump administration official and a retired Air Force general to
© Newshub. The Ten Tenors have a female guest for their next tour.  Legendary Australian music ensemble the Ten
Gordon Brown is launching a $10bn (£7.4bn) scheme to widen access to education in some of the world's poorest countries.
Drew Scott is gearing up for his wedding day!  The Property Brothers star is marrying his longtime love, Linda
Turkish police on Friday detained 150 soldiers over suspected links to the movement Ankara blames for the 2016 failed coup,
South Africa's elite police unit has taken over the investigation of a mosque attack near Durban which killed one person
EXCLUSIVE: Alexander Rodnyansky, the producer who in the past unveiled Leviathan and Loveless here, is back at the Cannes Film
The South Carolina Army National Guard has sent troops and equipment from Greenville to the Texas border.  © Provided
© Zane Woodford Yulia Taslitsky poses for a photo at a cafe in her Bedford neighbourhood on Thursday. Taslitsky has
© Provided by Free Daily News Group Inc This is one of 11 “little libraries” in Downtown Vancouver made from
© REUTERS/Aaron P. Bernstein EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt testifies before the House Appropriations Committee Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related
© Provided by The Hill  President Trump on Thursday evening touted the release of three Americans prisoners from North
By Sudip Kar-Gupta and John Miller  French building materials company Saint-Gobain (SGOB.PA) has ended its protracted hostile takeover bid
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited Graffiti telling people to "Go back to Auckland" in the Bay of Plenty has
The state Department of Transportation is warning drivers about a major construction project on the Interstate 293 bridges over the
© Provided by AFP Ousted Philippine Supreme Court Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno is one of several critics of President
Sir John Major has savaged Theresa May’s Brexit plan as he predicted neither of the Prime Minister’s options to create
Malaysia's king has agreed to pardon Anwar Ibrahim immediately, the country's newly installed prime minister said Friday, paving the way
© Provided by Free Daily News Group Inc Calgary would have to build 18,000 purpose-built rental units to reach the
Dignitaries at the event.  The Dutch Business Council Qatar (DBCQ) organised a celebration and networking event, in collaboration with
© Provided by Business Insider s 400 NOSINT  China became the first foreign buyer of Russia's advanced S-400 air-defense
Staffer Kelly Sadler's remark that McCain's opposition to Gina Haspel's nomination didn't matter because he was "dying anyway" sparked bipartisan
By Sue-Lin Wong  Some North Korean traders are offering cheap coal to Chinese buyers who are stockpiling it at
Jean-Claude Juncker is today expected to make an impassioned plea for the continued unity of the European Union after Brexit
© U.S. Geological Survey via AP This Friday, May 4, 2018, aerial image released by the U.S. Geological Survey, at
By Harrison Jacobs  |  Every city has that neighborhood -- an address that signifies wealth. New York City
© Getty Images ‘Emotionally various and culturally diverse’ … Kayo Chingonyi.  The Zambian-British writer Kayo Chingonyi’s exploration of black
© Kotaku Image: Alex Walker / Kotaku  Public Wi-Fi used to be a lifesaver, something that let you escape
© AFP Navdeep Bains (L), Canada's Innovation, Science and Economic Development Minister, seen here Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, was made
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited  Thousands of Russian-made Facebook adverts targeting US voters have been released online. 
© Provided by Business Insider Trump Iran deal signed AP  One of the State Department's top nuclear experts resigned
© Alex Edelman/Getty Images EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt testifies before the House Appropriations Committee during a hearing on the 2019
© Facebook  Everything you need to know about the movie that’s basically one big LOL, starring Emma Roberts and
© Provided by AFP US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo has met twice with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un
MIAMI - In a sweeping order, a federal court has ordered the Justice Department to get them top-secret information about
© Provided by Business Insider John Kelly Donald Trump REUTERS/Carlos Barria  John Kelly, the White House chief of staff,
© Provided by Independent Media File.Grace Mugabe, Zimbabwe's former First Lady.  THE Gauteng High Court, Pretoria, is today expected
© Getty Images Pavel Filip, prime minister of Moldova, says the country’s place is as a sovereign state, independent of
© Marco Longari/AFP/Getty Images Why has Theresa May apologised to Abdul Hakim Belhaj?  The prime minister has personally apologised
© Provided by Khaleej Times Pakistan to impose reciprocal restrictions on US diplomats  Pakistan is considering imposing reciprocal restrictions
Four children and three adults were found dead on Friday at a rural property near the Margaret River wine region
© Reuters People attend an event in Windrush Square to show solidarity with the Windrush generation in the Brixton district
© Provided by Business Insider Hilary Clinton China Australia  Hillary Clinton warned Australia must stand up to the creeping
Luke Hunt | Tribune News Service  THE new Malaysian owners of the Phnom Penh Post have had a difficult
© Jen St. Denis High tax rates and unaffordable housing still a strain for Greater Vancouver region, according to report.
© Deutsche Welle  A day after returning from a visit to Pyongyang, US State Secretary Mike Pompeo said Washington
© ca.usembassy.gov The U.S. embassy in Ottawa has posted a global alert warning its citizens here of the threat of
A young boy was stopped by German police after he used his parents' car to drive to a local fair.
After years of domination by English-language entries, this year’s Eurovision competition will feature a marked increase in the number of
In 2016, as an indication of confidence in the renewed harmony between the West and Iran, three of Europe’s most
© Hadi Mizban, AP An Iraqi soldier dips his finger in ink after voting in the country's parliamentary elections in
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 6 NEXT SLIDE > Around 10 percent of China's Qiang population died in the
​ An Uber driver who raped a drunken passenger in the back of his car before taking a selfie with
Anti-American cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, whose fighters clashed with U.S. troops after Saddam Hussein was driven from power, has recast himself
© Provided by Independent Media Coca Cola - Pic by Wilfredo Lee, AP  JOHANNESBURG - Zimbabwe Stock Exchange (ZSE)
By Brett Forman  |  The richest politicians in the US are a mix of senators, House members, governors,
Anthony Wall's night started at the prom with his sister, followed by a food stop at a Waffle House in
TRUMP SAYS HE HAS CONFIDENCE IN PRUITT: President Trump told reporters Friday that he still has confidence in Environmental Protection
© Provided by AFP An image released on May 10, 2018 by the government-affiliated "Central War Media" in Syria purportedly
Armenia's new prime minister says he has sacked the heads of the country's police and security service. Nikol Pashinyan was
© Provided by NBCU News Group, a division of NBCUniversal Media LLC Image: Police forensics investigate the death of seven
© Provided by AFP Didi Chuxing says it has 21 million drivers and more than 450 million users across its
© Provided by Independent Media The president of the Pan African Parliament, Roger Nkodo Dang has been re-elected to head
© Petty Officer 2nd Class Dominiqu/Digital/Office of the Chairman of the Jo Defense Secretary Ash Carter and Marine Gen. Joseph
Good morning, and welcome to the Essential California newsletter. It’s Friday, May 11, and here’s what’s happening across California: 
© AFP Former Zimbabwe first lady Grace Mugabe attends the opening of the annual agricultural fair on 25 August 2017
Voting in the 2018 Telegraph Travel Awards is now open, giving you the opportunity to reward those operators and destinations
Do you have the same taste in TV as the majority of the people in your state? The folks over
Czech investment group KKCG said on Friday it had submitted a bid to buy all Czech assets of German energy
The World Health Organisation is planning for the “worst-case scenario” after the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) conformed the first
The unilateral US withdrawal from the Iran nuclear deal is bringing Berlin and Moscow closer together. But can any cooperation
There may have been more than logistical reasons for the Trump administration's choice of Singapore as the site for the
Voting in the 2018 Telegraph Travel Awards is open, giving you the opportunity to reward those operators and destinations that
© Kevin Lamarque/Reuters President Obama with Secretary of State John Kerry in 2015.  Editor’s note: The opinions in this
© Steven Siewert James Harrison (centre), surrounded by mothers of Anti-D babies at his final donation. L-R: Christine Damiandis and
© Bloomberg/Bloomberg D.R. Congo Reports 11 New Fever Cases, Death Amid Ebola Outbreak  Eleven cases of hemorrhagic fever and
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited image The Eurovision Song Contest manages to elicit feelings of joy
© Provided by The Zimbabwean  In an interview with News24, Chamisa said it was impossible for the ruling party
Video provided by Associated Press  A beauty queen turned dentist who killed her cheating husband by running him over
A Russian politician with links to the Kremlin reportedly traveled to the United States for years in attempts to cultivate
Video by Fox News  One person has been detained after a report of an armed man at a Palmdale
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia—Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad told a news conference Friday that the country’s king is willing to give
Claudia Lea never expected her military dad to attend her college graduation. He is serving in Germany and her family
© Getty Lalu Prasad  Ranchi, May 11 (IANS) The Jharkhand High Court on Friday granted jailed RJD chief Lalu
By Jack Kim and Jamie Freed  North Korean leader Kim Jong Un's trip to Singapore for talks with U.S.
© Provided by IBT US  An Iowa man was shot in the leg when his dog accidentally pressed the
Xiaomi has launched its new affordable smartphone – the Redmi S2 – in China on Thursday, May 10. The handset
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  A man has been caught on camera dragging a dog
Two days after Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Mehbooba Mufti called for unilateral ceasefire, BJP general secretary Ram Madhav said
© AP Emmanuel Macron’s finance minister says Europe can use the same instruments as the US to defend its interests.
Turkey on Friday expressed concern over the situation on Yemen's Arabian Sea island of Socotra after the Yemeni government said
Most Malaysians like myself went to bed in the early hours of Thursday morning after hearing the news that the
© Bloomberg/Bloomberg Garuda Cancels Some Flights as Indonesia's Mount Merapi Erupts  (Bloomberg) -- PT Garuda Indonesia, the country’s flag
President Rodrigo Duterte has called Maria Lourdes Sereno an "enemy" for voting against government proposals. The opposition said the ouster
© Michael Minasi, Photographer Congressman Ted Poe gives the keynote speech during the Celebrate America service on Sunday, June 26,
The director behind the Avicii documentary that laid bare the downsides of the Swedish DJ's prolific career has paid a
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia—Malaysia’s former Prime Minister Najib Razak resigned as leader of his political party Saturday and promised to abide
© Getty Images Children as young as 12 are being arrested for possession with intent to supply drugs such as
As the eldest son of Napa Valley winemaking legend Robert Mondavi, Michael Mondavi became a collector of bottlings both magnificent
© A F-22A Raptor by Lockheed Martin operated by the USAF (United States Air Force) flies during the Au... 
© REUTERS f-22-fighter-jets.jpg  Two U.S. fighter jets intercepted two Russian bombers flying near the western coast of Alaska on
On Michael B. Jordan’s first trip to Cannes for the Ryan Coogler-directed Fruitvale Station, the young actor walked wide-eyed down
© Provided by The Hill  Mike Pompeo has hit the ground running in his first weeks atop the State
© Daily Mail  Fears are mounting for a missing reality TV star who has not been seen since vanishing
By Rozanna Latiff and Tom Westbrook  © REUTERS/Stringer Malaysia's former PM Najib Razak attends UMNO's 72th anniversary celebrations in
Abu Dhabi Global Market (ADGM) announced the launch of its first overseas representative office in Beijing in the presence of
Video provided by Wochit  The adorable name of Kirsten Dunst's newborn son has been revealed – and we love
A female park ranger was killed trying to protect two British tourists after gunmen ambushed their vehicle in the Democratic
© Korean Central News Agency/Korea News Service via AP In this Friday, April 20, 2018, photo provided by the North
© Provided by The Telegraph  North Korea has announced it will hold a ceremony in late May for the
Oklahoma's Republican Gov. Mary Fallin on Friday vetoed a bill supported by the National Rifle Association (NRA) that would have
© Reuters Donald Trump and Theresa May  Theresa May has challenged Donald Trump on the impact of sanctions against
© Provided by BusinessWorld Duterte urges Maute members to surrender, wants to proclaim land reform in areas in Mindanao 
© Hadi Mizban/AP An Iraqi traffic policeman prepares to cast his vote at a polling center in Baghdad, Iraq, Thursday,
Non-Europeans Australia have competed in the Eurovision Song Contest for the past three years – and yet few people are
Her Excellency the Right Honourable Julie Payette, governor general of Canada, is set to visit Calgary next week after a
© Provided by IBT US A Frontier Airlines flight from Chicago, Illinois, to Islip, New York, was delayed for over
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  Asia’s biggest warehouse operator, Global Logistic Properties, has established a
Iran will prepare for the “industrial scale” production of nuclear fuel even as it seeks guarantees from other countries to
Bre Bradford is really embodying Chick-fil-A‘s slogan: “Eat Mor Chik’n.”  The 28-year-old, who is expecting her second child on
© AP Photo/Mary Hudetz FILE: Albuquerque City Councilor Pat Davis, left, faces a primary vote June 5.  A Democratic
Video by CBS News  Are electronic medical records and demanding regulations contributing to a historic doctor shortage?  During
© Eduardo Munoz Alvarez/Getty Images Former New York Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver exits federal court in Lower Manhattan on May
© Provided by The Hill Republican Rep. Duncan Hunter (Calif.) said Friday night that President Trump wouldn't last long under
A day after two Queens fires erupted in homes without working smoke alarms, causing critical injuries to a man and
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited  The Associate Minister of Transport is considering bringing in a new kind of
© Provided by NBCU News Group, a division of NBCUniversal Media LLC Image: A mug shot of Rose Campbell who
(Wochit News)  In 1951, a 14-year-old Australian boy named James Harrison awoke from a major chest operation. Doctors had
Reclusive Tom Markle wants daughter Meghan and Prince Harry to visit him in Mexico – but fears it will never
© Provided by AFP Romanian President Klaus Iohannis, who hails from the centre-right, spoke out after the left-wing government refused
© Provided by NBCU News Group, a division of NBCUniversal Media LLC Image: Najib RazakPrime Minister Najib Razak has been
© Bryce Hoye/CBC The Province of Manitoba is planning policy changes around its agricultural Crown lands. Those changes could disadvantage
© Provided by Business Insider oil worker flame fire Nabil al-Jurani/AP  Bank of America Merrill Lynch's commodity strategists see
© Provided by Independent Media  Mumbai - Women are increasingly being trafficked into India's sex industry from countries outside
© Provided by WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post The man named by President Trump last year to oversee
It now turns out that the government’s one senseless and close-minded blow has a seventh serious consequence.  THE HERO
© Image - 7 News; Video - supplied  A 104-year-old Australian man has completed his final journey across the
© Trans Mountain Pipeline construction remains one of the most controversial issues in B.C. politics.  When Enbridge's plan to
“Yes, yes, I am still alive,” the world’s oldest elected leader announced to the howling media pack assembled in the
© Provided by NBCU News Group, a division of NBCUniversal Media LLC Image:Defendant Gilberto Escamilla looks back before the start
© Provided by AOL Inc.  © Fuse  The World Health Organization announced Friday that it hopes to deploy
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  Beijing on Friday conducted encirclement drills around Taiwan with its
CANNES, France — Beatriz Seigner’s debut “Bollywood Dream” was the first Brazilian co-production with India. Her second directorial outing, “Los
Called the Grand Sentier de la Côte Bleue, or the Big Blue Coast Trail, this picturesque hiking trail spreads across
Boosting solidarity, cooperation and self-reliance among the Gulf Cooperation Council member-states and Arab countries is crucial to deal with the
He couldn’t help himself. Victor Ansart had flown to Punta del Este, Uruguay, to visit his dad after the first
© Provided by Business Insider Australia  Australia's Liberal Party government has announced that it will soon be illegal to
© Dan Spector / Global News Teresa Dellar announces the new Montreal Institute for Palliative Care. May 11, 2018. 
© Jason Warick/CBC Sixties Scoop survivor Anna Parent said a Federal Court hearing into a settlement is a sham. 
© Provided by Al Jazeera Winds of up to 100km/h were reported near Melbourne [Stefan Postles/EPA-EFE]  A deep low
© Provided by Independent Media That the honeymoon is over was apparent in the fractious parliamentary exchange between President Cyril
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  (Video by Times of India)  Senior Mumbai police officer Himanshu
Amidst much fanfare around the Walmart-Flipkart deal, a question which has been niggling at the back of everyone's mind is:
© Andrew Vaughan/Canadian Press At this stage, there are countless similarities between the two national airlines.  When WestJet launched
© Photograph: Sophia Evans for the Observer Students from the University of Kent, Canterbury, make their feelings about Europe quite
© Photograph: Sophia Evans for the Observer Kent university students are among those leading the charge against Brexit this summer.
© Getty Coloured pencils in a pencil holder. (Photo by: Andia/UIG via Getty Images) A headteacher has banned fancy pencil
© Provided by IBT US  Anita Dongre, a fashion designer, recently predicted what Kate Middleton will wear at Prince
New York, May 10 -- United Nations Secretary-General Annio Guterres expressed deep concern on Wednesday over the recent and sharp
The Sharjah Chamber of Commerce and Industry (SCCI) hosted a meeting between the Federation of UAE Chambers of Commerce and
© Travis Golby/CBC About 4,000 kids and parents arrived at the 11th annual Science Rendezvous on Saturday to learn about
A man was arrested Saturday on suspicion of twice stealing rainbow flags from outside the Chamber of Commerce in Guerneville,
With scientists warning that a steam-driven volcanic eruption could occur virtually without warning, the Hawaii National Guard is prepared to
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited  Former Labour leader Neil Kinnock has warned Jeremy Corbyn he
Two U.S. fighter jets intercepted two Russian bombers in international airspace off the coast of Alaska on Friday, in the
© C.Lysias Designs by Stephanie Gamble/Facebook Stephanie Gamble has used Indigenous youth as models to help them get into the
© Provided by AFP Protesters decked themselves out in patriotic colours and also brandished EU flags at their "Freedom March"
AUSTIN — The two Democrats struggling to cross the finish line first in the May 22 gubernatorial runoff had sharp
© Provided by The Hill  A 21-year-old Texas man said that a bouncer denied him entry to a nightclub
© Provided by New Vision 15, 000 refugees enter Uganda  More than 15, 000 refugees, mainly from the Democratic
By Raya Jalabi  Um Laila and Farida Hassan had not seen each other since the day Iraqi soldiers helped
© Provided by AFP Rapidly-greying Japan has one of the world's lowest birth rates and authorities are trying out several
© Image - Facebook; Video - Newshub.  Three guns found at the scene of the mass shooting that killed
© Provided by The Telegraph  The Trump administration has called on Qatar to stop funding pro-Iranian militias following revelations
A holidaymaker enjoying a family trip to Florida died after being struck down by a flesh-eating bacteria ‘from a hot
The ‘world’s saddest polar bear’ is no more sad (Provided by: National Geographic)  As animal welfare increasingly becomes a
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  (Video provided by Times of India)  New Delhi: Ousted Pakistan
Malaysia's scandal-ridden former leader Najib Razak was hit with a travel ban Saturday as speculation mounted he was about to
© PA Lucy Butler,15, getting ready to have her measles jab at All Saints School in Ingleby Barwick, Teesside as
© Provided by The Hill  Rudy Giuliani biographer and former New York journalist Andrew Kirtzman calls President Trump's lawyer
© Provided by The Verge Screenshot of Mount Mantap, the location of North Korea’s nuclear test site.  North Korea’s
© Provided by AFP The Punggye-ri test site, located beneath a mountain in the country's northeast, has hosted all six
© Provided by NBCU News Group, a division of NBCUniversal Media LLC Image: Direct service professional Deborah Broussard wipes Jamie
© CBC Liberal Leader Kathleen Wynne tried to break away from the handshake but PC Leader Doug Ford didn't let
© Edward A. Ornelas, Staff / San Antonio Express-News An American and rainbow flags fly at half staff outside Pegasus
OpeOluwani Akintayo  12 May 2018, Sweetcrude, Lagos — Nigeria’s crude oil production, plus condensates, has reached a record high
If you get involved in a hit-and-run accident in California, be prepared to get slammed twice — once by the
Madagascar's president approved a new election law lifting a provision that would have prevented the main opposition candidate from standing
After Hezbollah gains in recent Lebanese elections, Israel should raise the stakes and declare war on Lebanon in case of
In a mission scheduled for the summer of 2020, NASA is sending a helicopter to Mars, the organization announced Friday.
© REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha/File Photo FILE PHOTO: Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak and wife Rosmah arrive during the gala dinner marking
© Provided by Business Insider Inc    Walt Disney World cast members know what it takes to have
© REUTERS Deposits are seen on a road in Puna, Hawaii  By Terray Sylvester  Residents on the Big
© Provided by Purple Clover  I was looking for something else when I found the prom picture above. May
© REX/Shutterstock Australia’s Jessica Mauboy faces some tough competition in the Eurovision song contest final in Lisbon, Portugal.  France
With no price on carbon, here’s how states are keeping nuclear power plants open.  Nuclear power currently provides about
WILLEMSTAD Reuters - - A Curacao court has authorized ConocoPhillips (COP.N) to seize about $636 million in assets belonging to
As the arthouse market is struggling with declining audiences, Germany’s Pandora Film continues to achieve success in both production and
Tope Ogundipe, a digital rights expert, has urged citizens of various African countries to channel their power in the defense
KUALA LUMPUR: DAP and Pakatan Harapan has assured that it will uphold press freedom and that the closure of TV3
Addis Ababa May11/2018 Speaker of the House of People's Representatives (HPR), Muferiat Kamil, and Chairman of the National People's Congress
Laos authorities are promoting the Nam Ha National Protected Area (an Asean Heritage Site) with treks through the jungle to
© Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images WASHINGTON, DC - MAY 08: U.S. President Donald Trump announces his decision to withdraw the United
© Provided by The Hill  President Trump hailed a decision by North Korea on Saturday to dismantle a nuclear
© (Charlie Neibergall/AP) Iowa Gov. Kim Reynolds, center, reacts after signing a six-week abortion ban bill into law during a
Russia Today, the state-funded television station accused of acting as a platform for pro-Kremlin propaganda, will not lose its licence
Iraqis on Saturday inflicted a blow on a political class they view as corrupt by shunning the first legislative elections
He was the soldier who at first failed to qualify to be a pilot in the IAF, but who ended
A San Francisco police officer who accused the department of anti-Muslim harassment and racism is no longer with the department,
Dogs have allegedly killed at least 12 children since November in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. But some
© Provided by Fool  Canadian bank stocks are set to release earnings in the coming weeks in what has
© Zdenek Podsednik Phyllis Podsednik, fourth from the right, with seven of her siblings in 2017. She will meet one
© Catapult Ventures Pte Ltd travel insurance policies 2017 singapore  Yes, public transport in Singapore is awesome. Yet for
© Reuters The UN has faced allegations of sex abuse by its peacekeepers in Haiti.  Sex offenders and paedophiles
© Provided by IBT Media  A county official who trains police dogs in Illinois created a firestorm on social
© Boston Globe/Boston Globe via Getty Images Massachusetts Gov. Charlie Baker laughs with World War II veteran Sidney Walton (right),
North Korea is expected to soften air space restrictions and provide more access to foreign media than it has in
Heavily criticised for its response to the 2014-16 Ebola epidemic, the WHO is now on the front line in dealing
© Alex Wong/Getty Images U.S. Sen. Joe Donnelly (D-IN) speaks during a hearing before the Senate Banking, Housing and Urban
© Provided by Business Insider solar panels Justin Sullivan/Getty  Last week, California became the first US state to require
© Provided by Al Jazeera Najib said he was resigning to take responsibility for the electoral defeat that ended his
© Provided by The New Indian Express A file image of Nepalese Prime Minister Khadga Prasad Oli, right, and Indian
- Germany wants to help its companies continue doing business in Iran after the U.S. decision to reimpose sanctions against
© Provided by Vibe  Nevada will carry out its first execution in more than a decade following a unanimous
WASHINGTON — Five days before President Donald Trump pulled out of what he called the “horrible” Iran nuclear deal, Secretary
WASHINGTON — Since Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee declared they had found no evidence of coordination between Russia’s election
© Rex/Shutterstock The plans will provide £50m a year to help grammar schools expand.  Opposition to the latest attempt
© image/jpeg  The EU is to push for an optional six-month extension to the Brexit transition period to be
© Chung Sung-Jun/Getty Images South Korea Reacts As North Korea Confirms Hydrogen Bomb Test  North Korea is continuing to
© Provided by The Motorsport Network  Pipistrel Aircraft presented at the 2nd Uber Elevate Summit its electric eVTOL Concept
© Provided by Business Insider meghan markle honeymoon prince harry Chris Jackson / Getty  Prince Harry and Meghan Markle
© Associated Press Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, centre, leaves a polling station after casting his ballot in the country's
© Provided by The Hill  President Trump on Friday approved a disaster declaration for Hawaii as the state deals
Dubai's march towards its economic diversification drive is paying rich dividends as the emirate competitiveness ranking improves, reducing gap with
An email titled “The Buzz Heard ’Round the World,” promoting the molten-hot, new Savage x Fenty intimate apparel collection from
Lebanon's Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri has replaced his chief of staff after his Future Party lost more than a third
The men were found guilty of aiding five militants who attacked parliament and Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini's mausoleum. Eighteen people died
© Antara Foto Agency/Reuters Motorcycles burn following a blast at the Pentecost Church Central Surabaya (GPPS), in Surabaya, East Java,
© Provided by AFP A Nicaraguan demonstrator clashes with riot police on May 12, 2018 in Masaya city, where a
© NDTV 24x7 New Delhi: If we were to sum up Aishwarya Rai Bachchan's first day at the ongoing Cannes
LONDON: The Trump administration has called on Qatar to cut support for pro-Iranian militias in the region, according to a
If you catch yourself constantly checking some tropical places to visit, know it is perfectly normal for any serious vacationer.
© Daily Mail    A man was stabbed in broad daylight outside London's Royal National Theatre only moments
© Provided by Independent Media The Hawks have confirmed that a suspicious device believed to be a bomb was found
© Iranian Presidency Office via AP President Hassan Rouhani said on Sunday that Iran would remain committed to the 2015
© Provided by ESPN Digital Media (India) Private Ltd.  Rajasthan Royals 171 for 3 (Buttler 94*, Rahane 37) beat
WASHINGTON — The U.S. is prepared to quickly lift sanctions on North Korea and promise its leader, Kim Jong Un,
© Provided by Al Jazeera Thousands of protesters called for an end to alleged rights abuses by Pakistan's military in
© ANGELA WEISS  Fashion Month, which includes New York, London, Milan and Paris, has always been one of the
With the US threatening to penalize foreign companies doing business in Iran, European firms are worried. Their fears are likely
© AFP/Getty Images The Leave.EU campaign broke campaign spending limits by at least £77,000.  Almost two years after the
© PA Images/INSTARimages.com  She approves! Queen Elizabeth II has given her Instrument of Consent, which is her formal approval
© express web desk RJD chief Lalu Prasad's elder son Tej Pratap and Aishwarya Rai during their wedding ceremony at
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 3 NEXT SLIDE > © SCOTT GELBER FOR BLOOMBERG BUSINESSWEEK  For the advertising
© Provided by Al Jazeera Erdogan likened the signatories of a manifesto to change Quran's verses in Franca to ISIL
Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO  (Video provided by Times of India)  A powerful dust storm
© FMT MEDIA SDN BHD  GEORGE TOWN: Incoming Penang Chief Minister Chow Kon Yeow has made his first demand
India U-16 got the better of Tajikistan in a 4-2 result in their final match of the four-nation tournament being
© Businessworld Dreyfus loosens grip on robusta coffee stocks as contract changes  BEIJING — China has ramped up inspections
Anthony Martial is not in the Manchester United squad to face Watford after suffering an injury in training.  United
© Provided by Fool  Studies have shown that the companies that raise their dividends regularly generally beat the market
It's 4 a.m. at an unmarked and unremarkable building in an industrial stretch of Brooklyn, one of New York City's
President Donald Trump pledged on Sunday to help Chinese phone manufacturer ZTE return to business, days after the company said
Slideshow by photo services  Stephen Hawking's family have invited time travelers to his memorial service, seeking to tackle one
The royal wedding of a British prince and an American star is upon us.  Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s
© AP Photo/Ahn Young-joon People at the Seoul Railway Station in Seoul, South Korea, on May 13, 2018, watch a
By IddiYire, GNA  Accra, May 13, GNA - An Endowment Fund of TheJohn A. Kufuor Foundation (JAK Foundation) has
© PA ‘In today’s uncertain world we need that shared strength more than ever,’ Parker will tell an audience in
© Provided by Al Jazeera The attack took place in the opera district in central Paris [Thibault Camus/AP]  A
© Newshub.  Like it or not, Auckland is the engine room of New Zealand’s economy; one third of the
© Provided by CityAM  Italy's populist Five Star Movement has reached an agreement with the League party which it
(Bloomberg) -- Malaysia’s new finance minister will need to be cleared of corruption charges before he can take office, with
Hundreds of people rallied in Moscow on Sunday to demand the unblocking of the Telegram app, the second protest in
Two Britons held hostage in the Democratic Republic of Congo have been released unharmed.  A female wildlife ranger accompanying
When Henry Crew pulls on his leather jacket, fires up his motorbike and drives off on the open road, it
© Provided by AFP Zarif will later fly to Moscow and Brussels to consult the remaining signatories to the 2015
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  China is considering sending more top officials to Washington to
© Provided by AFP Police and soldiers examine the site of attacks outside a church in Surabaya, East Java on
© Provided by Albawaba.com Mahmoud El Burai, CEO of DREI, led DLD’s delegation during the visit to senior officials from
By Gavin Jones  The Italian coalition taking shape 10 weeks after March's inconclusive election has made economic promises that
MMental health issues among humanitarian workers are worryingly high, reports show, so why are NGOs still not prioritising their staff’s
© Other Mexican investigators have said that two European cyclists were murdered, contrary to earlier reports that the pair died
© IDF israel gaza tunnel destroyed liebermann lok _00002509.jpg  The Israeli military destroyed a tunnel in northern Gaza with
A man with a knife killed one person and left four others injured in central Paris Saturday night before the
© Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders speaks to reporters in the Brady Briefing
The 71st Annual Cannes Film Festival is in full swing and I just spend 11 straight hours in theatre seats
Theresa May must “crack on” with Brexit to head off any danger of Britain staying in the customs union beyond
Civil rights activists are opposing the passage of a bill that equates criticism of Israeli policies with anti-Semitism in the
The frontrunner to succeed Heidi Alexander as a Labour MP has withdrawn from the contest after it emerged that she
By Gavin Jones and Massimiliano Di Giorgio  Italy's anti-establishment 5-Star Movement and the far-right League spent the weekend locked
Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) on Sunday called President Trump's immigration policies "heartless."  "I think it is heartless. I think
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said on Sunday that Iran would be willing to remain in the nuclear deal if its
By Andrei Khalip  Israel's Netta Barzilai won the Eurovision Song Contest in Lisbon on Saturday, bringing Israel its fourth
One in three nurses do not have time to carry out basic patient care, a report has revealed.  Nurses
© Provided by AFP An Israeli man confronts a Palestinian woman at Damascus gate in Jerusalem on May 13, 2018,
China has begun testing its first domestically manufactured aircraft carrier at sea, state media said. The trials come as the
By Ahmed Aboulenein and Maher Chmaytelli  © REUTERS/Thaier al-Sudani Iraqi supporters of Sairun list celebrate with portraits of Shi'ite
France bears "full responsibility" for the knife attack blamed on a Chechen-born Frenchman that left one dead and four wounded
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited  The Black Ferns have come back to win a thriller against Fiji and
© Provided by MediaWorks NZ Limited    Kiwi stage-show lovers get ready for a whole new world -
By Ali Kucukgocmen  When residents of Sazlibosna, a village near Istanbul, tried to attend a public meeting about the
© AFP/Getty Images Rangers in the Virunga national park.  Two British men and a local driver who were taken
© Mark Wilson President Trump said the nuclear agreement was flawed, without enough verification of the dismantling of the nuclear
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited  Wildlife poachers in Kenya will face the death penalty, the
The widow of Alexander Litvinenko, the ex-spy who was assassinated in London, has urged Alex Salmond to give up his
The world's two largest economies, the US and China, are in the midst of a trade spat that threatens to
© AFP/Getty Images HMS Astute, one of the British Royal Navy’s nuclear hunter killer submarines  Defence secretary Gavin Williamson
WASHINGTON — It wasn't even close.  Voters in North Carolina's largest county, which includes Charlotte, ousted their sheriff last
© Pool/Getty Images National security adviser John Bolton listens to remarks by President Donald Trump as he speaks to the
© TheWrap snl saturday night live weekend update michael che donald trump iran nuclear deal barack obama  It was
© Provided by Toronto Star U.S.-based advocacy organization Last Chance for Animals says it went undercover at Millbank Fur Farm,
© Provided by The Hill  Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said on Sunday the Trump administration is still far
Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad and jailed politician Anwar Ibrahim tried to ease a rift within the ruling alliance on
Different malls and shopping centers organize special Ramadan bazaars with special offers for the holy month. (AFP)  JEDDAH: With
Alphabet Inc's self-driving unit, Waymo, said on Sunday that Matthew Schwall had joined the company from Tesla Inc where he
A former aide for both Sens. John McCain (R-Ariz.) and Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) is working for a pro-Russia political party
A couple denied New Zealand residency is pleading with the Associate Minister of Immigration to let them stay.  Derek
© Provided by Independent Digital News & Media Limited    Ivanka Trump and her husband Jared Kushner have
Israel is braced for bloodshed on Monday as America opens its controversial embassy in Jerusalem.  Donald Trump, who broke
© Provided by Daily Maverick 2018-05-14-amabhungane-namibian-fishing-industry-cries-foul-as-quota-handed-to-international-interests  Editor’s note: The opinions in this article are the author’s, as published by
The Nebraska high school speech circuit cleaned up nicely at this weekend's National Individual Events Tournament of Champions tournament in
© ABC News The Hoth Mai family home in Narre Warren, Victoria. Many Australians struggle to save a deposit for
South Africa's national government has taken over administrative control of the strife-torn North West province. Public anger over graft and
© Fred Dufour/AFP/Getty Images China's President Xi Jinping and US President Donald Trump  President Trump announced in a tweet
© Provided by Fool  I love stocks that pay monthly income. A simple reason that attracts me to monthly
China's first home-built aircraft carrier began sea trials on Sunday, a major step for Beijing as it ramps up its
© eNCA JOHANNESBURG, 02 March 2017 - Bonginkosi Khanyile says he’s willing to go back to jail, in the name
KOTA KINABALU: Parti Warisan Sabah president Datuk Seri Mohd Shafie Apdal was sworn in as Sabah’s 14th Chief Minister that
© Provided by South China Morning Post Publishers Limited  A staff member films each passenger as we board the
By Nidal al-Mughrabi  © REUTERS/Amir Cohen/File Photo FILE PHOTO: A truck parks next to a security barrier inside the
Several big-name Democrats are back in New Hampshire this weekend, continuing to fuel speculation about presidential bids.  Julian Castro,
© Provided by Associated Newspapers Limited An ibis stakes out its territory at a Red Rooster outlet at Summer Hill
© Provided by AFP Witnesses described dramatic scenes as the knifeman struck, walking along stabbing people and yelling "Allahu akbar"
© FMT MEDIA SDN BHD  KUALA LUMPUR: The new Pakatan Harapan (PH) government will not curtail business freedom with
© Fournis par AFP Actress Behnaz Jafari (R) cries next to Iranian actress Marziyeh Rezaei at the Cannes premiere of
© Provided by Business Insider Mike Pompeo Fox News Screen Shot 2018 05 13 via foxnews.com  US Secretary of
Ryan O’Shaughnessy has said he “couldn’t be prouder to be Irish” after all the support he received during his Eurovision
National security adviser John Bolton said on Sunday that recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of Israel will make achieving peace
JAKARTA, Indonesia—A family of suicide bombers, including children, killed at least seven people and injured dozens in attacks at churches
WASHINGTON — It is challenging enough that the war in Afghanistan has gone on for almost 17 years. But now
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 3 NEXT SLIDE > trump xi china us © Provided by Business Insider 
© REUTERS/Joshua Roberts Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley (R-IA) listens as U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions (not pictured) testifies
© Provided by The Hill  Pakistani authorities have reportedly prevented an American diplomat involved in a deadly car accident
AFP / Getty Images US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo (L) shaking hands with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un
By Valerie Volcovici and Richard Cowan  The United States threatened on Sunday to impose sanctions on European companies that
French train traffic will see some ‘major disruptions’ on Monday, France’s national railway operator warned Sunday, as the company’s workers
Michael Caputo, a former communications adviser to the Trump campaign, argued Sunday that the White House does not need to
© Provided by The Hill  Former Secretary of Defense Robert Gates said Sunday he doesn't believe Gina Haspel's ties
Iraqis went to the polls Saturday but in lower numbers than the past, reflecting disillusionment with a political elite they
Italy's anti-establishment 5 Star Movement and the far-right League moved closer to forming a coalition government and nominating a prime
© Provided by Albawaba.com During the event  Being the first Islamic bank in Oman and leading advocate to the
By Sarah N. Lynch  U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said on Sunday that Washington will agree to lift
© Korean Central News Agency/Associated Press U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, left, shakes hands with North Korean leader Kim
© Provided by Business Insider Lloyd Blankfein Bryan Bedder/Getty Images for The New York Times  Tammy Kiely, a top
© Sebastien St-Francois/Radio-Canada While out campaigning with NDP candidate Jamie West in Sudbury, Andrea Horwath got her hair pulled by
© AFP/Getty Images John Bolton listens as Donald Trump conducts a cabinet meeting at the White House.  Donald Trump
© Businessworld Surigao City hosts 1st Surigao International Dragon Boat Summer Festival  MONEY sent home by overseas Filipino workers
Yemeni supporters of the Houthi militia attend a demonstration in the second largest city of Taiz. (AFP)  DUBAI: Yemen’s
The Nicaraguan military said it would not attempt to repress anti-government protests that have rocked the Central American nation since
© Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg via Getty Images Senate Agriculture Committee Hearing On High Frequency Trading  Indiana Senator Joe Donnelly announced
© Provided by Khaleej Times Pakistan prevents US diplomat from leaving after fatal crash  Pakistan has prevented a US
NATIONAL  The late composer Yun I-sang (1917-95)  The remains of late composer Yun I-sang will arrive in South
NATIONAL  Ju Yong Choi, Counselor at North Korea's Mission to UN Geneva, listens during the Conference on Disarmament, at
NATIONAL  Seoul is enveloped in fine dust on Tuesday. (Yonhap)  Seoul City said the amount of fine dust
BUSINESS  Samsung Engineering Co., a construction unit of Samsung Group, has signed a deal to build a $1.03 billion
NATIONAL  Kim Young-rok, Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs, speaks during an interview with Yonhap News Agency in
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  The floor leader of the ruling Democratic Party on Monday proposed a five-way meeting with his
OPINION  How do you like your cup of cancer in the morning? I take mine with fake sugar and
SPORTS  PYEONGCHANG, Gangwon Province -- The South Korean women's curling team, a surprise sensation at the PyeongChang Winter Olympics,
BUSINESS  BOK Gov. Lee Ju-yeol (Yonhap)  Bank of Korea Gov. Lee Ju-yeol (right) poses with Thomas Jordan, chairman
BUSINESS  An external view of a hot rolled coil factory in Dangjin, South Chungcheong Province, South Korea. (Yonhap) 
ENTERTAINMENT  Tiger JK (Feel Good Music)  Tiger JK has confirmed his participation in the upcoming South by Southwest
SPORTS  (Yonhap)  (Yonhap)  Some of the infuriated Chinese fans have launched a verbal warfare against Korean counterparts
OPINION  [Editorial] No easy task By Korea Herald Trade friction offers challenges for Moon, Trump to preserve security alliance
OPINION  Chloe Morin  When Emmanuel Macron was elected French president, the conventional wisdom was that he’d only survive
OPINION  Just listen to them. They’re so remarkable.    They’re Ariana Ortega, at the funeral of her
OPINION  Kim Seong-kon  I was a big fan of O. Henry when I was young. His stories were
OPINION  After what we can be sure was not careful consideration, President Donald Trump on Friday approved the release
BUSINESS  (Yonhap)  Korea's 81 business groups posted a 46 percent on-year jump in their combined operating profit last
NATIONAL  Senior prosecutor and the head of Seoul Eastern District Prosecutor's Office Cho Hee-jin leads the prosecution's special investigation
NATIONAL  South Korean Unification Minister Cho Myoung-gyon visits a 94-year-old member of families separated by the 1950-53 Korean War
BUSINESS  LG Uplus engineers demonstrate operating a drone to shoot a staged emergency situation at Seoul Arts Center in
OPINION  Kim Seong-kon  Korean-American writer Min Jin Lee’s mesmerizing novel “Pachinko” takes us back to the times of
OPINION  The European Union has had a democratic legitimacy problem for years: Its governing bodies -- with the exception
OPINION  Kim Seong-kon  Recently in his blog titled “South Korea: The Unappreciated Ally,” my colleague Gregg A. Brazinsky
BUSINESS  Hyundai Motor Co.'s compact crossover Tucson and the Rio subcompact by sister brand Kia Motors Corp. received recognition
NATIONAL  North Korea's hard currency reserves are expected to dry up around October if international sanctions on the communist
BUSINESS  Prosecutors on Wednesday raided the headquarters of Samsung Electronics Co. and the house of a former senior company
NATIONAL  President Moon Jae-in and US Vice President Mike Pence shake hands at the South Korean presidential office on
BUSINESS  SK Telecom CEO Park Jung-ho (center) and DJ Koh (right), president and Head of IT & Mobile Communications
NATIONAL  South Korean President Moon Jae-in held a surprise meeting Sunday with North Korea's chief delegate to the closing
OPINION  If we look at the world map, we can see that the Eurasian continent and North America are
OPINION        Bandy X. Lee, Jeffrey D. Sachs  When Donald Trump took office
NATIONAL  Kim Yong-chol (Yonhap)  Members of the main opposition Liberty Korea Party held a protest rally in front
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  Korea will appeal the World Trade Organization's ruling on its import restrictions on Japanese seafood after
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  The South Korean government said Friday that it is difficult to pinpoint who led North Korea's
NATIONAL  North Korean leader Kim Jong-un (Yonhap)  (Yonhap)  North Korean leader Kim Jong-un called for continued reconciliatory
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  The government will have its own proposal for a constitutional revision before the end of next
SPORTS  Choi Kyeong-hwan, who owns a convenience store named “Samho Super” near the Gangneung KTX station, poses with his
NATIONAL  Former National Tax Service chief Lee Hyun-dong appears at the Central District Prosecutors` Office for questioning on Wednesday.
NATIONAL  North Korean leader Kim Jong-un’s powerful younger sister Kim Yo-jong was all smiles as she met with South
BUSINESS  The United States' recent issuance of safeguard measures against washers and solar panels could hurt the prospects of
NATIONAL  Lee Hyun-dong, former National Tax Service commissioner, appears at the Seoul Central District Prosecutors` Office on Jan. 31,
NATIONAL  President Moon Jae-in shakes hands with North Korea's Kim Yo-jong at Cheong Wa Dae. (Yonhap)  (Yonhap) 
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  North Korea has asked South Korea to supply fuel to its ship that carried the North's
NATIONAL  A client looks at the electronic signboard of a cryptocurrency exchange in Seoul. (AP)  A college student,
NATIONAL  A special investigation team on Sunday questioned a female prosecutor who has recently made shocking revelations that she
NATIONAL  Rep. Ahn Cheol-soo, leader of the minor opposition People`s Party, speaks during a party meeting on Feb. 2,
NATIONAL  South Korean President Moon Jae-in (R) shakes hands with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe before the start of
NATIONAL  Rep. Woo Won-shik, floor leader of the ruling Democratic Party, speaks during a general meeting of the party`s
BUSINESS  South Korean President Moon Jae-in sought to promote the country's indigenously developed self-driving cars Friday, demonstrating their safety
NATIONAL  The number of patients infected with H1N1 influenza, also known as swine flu, in North Korea rose to
NATIONAL  Kim Yo-jong shakes hands with President Moon Jae-in (Yonhap)  Kim Yo-jong, the sister of North Korean leader
BUSINESS  SEJONG -- South Korea should change its export strategy to expand its foothold in emerging markets and develop
OPINION  The murder of 17 students and teachers in Parkland, Florida, should cause all of us to ask, how
NATIONAL  Ivanka Trump, US President Donald Trump’s daughter and senior White House adviser, and Kim Yong-chol of the North
NATIONAL  South Korea's defense ministry said Tuesday it's still waiting for North Korea's response to its months-old offer of
SPORTS  PYEONGCHANG -- Kim Jong-jin, father of new Olympic champion snowboarder Chloe Kim, said Tuesday it was a dream
SPORTS  Korean-American snowboarder Chloe Kim hugs her parents after winning the gold medal in the women`s halfpipe of the
NATIONAL  Prosecutors said Tuesday they will not file charges against the local unit of McDonald's, citing a lack of
NATIONAL  Japanese Ambassador to South Korea Yasumasa Nagamine meets with Vice Unification Minister Chun Hae-sung on Tuesday. (Yonhap) 
ENTERTAINMENT  “Yun Isang: Embracing the Roots of Korean Aesthetic” (The Korean Traditional Performing Arts Foundation)  Korean Traditional Performing
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  The United States will achieve the denuclearization of North Korea "one way or another" even though
NATIONAL  Chairwoman Rep. Choo Mi-ae of the ruling Democratic Party of Korea (left) and floor leader Rep. Woo Won-shik
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  The temperature will drop back down over the weekend after the slight rise during the week,
SPORTS  PYEONGCHANG, Gangwon Province -- South Korea's four-man bobsleigh team said Wednesday it will aim to collect a medal
NATIONAL  Soohorang & Bandabi — the PyeongChang 2018 mascots (Twitter)  PyeongChang official merchandise store at Incheon International Airport.
NATIONAL  Germany's domestic intelligence agency chief has revealed North Korea has been acquiring equipment and technology for its nuclear
OPINION  In a 2007 speech to a group of lawyers in Peru, the late US Supreme Court Justice Antonin
NATIONAL  North Korean defector Ji Seong-ho (left) and US President Donald Trump (Yonhap)  US President Donald Trump’s emphasis
NATIONAL  A crowded competition is shaping up within the ruling Democratic Party to grab its ticket to run in
OPINION  Markos Kounalakis  American technology companies operating in China had a secret weakness, one that is not so
OPINION  The ruling Democratic Party of Korea, briefing its bill for constitutional amendment Thursday, announced it decided to revise
OPINION    Thomas Byrne  Two critical agreements between the US and South Korea will be renegotiated in
NATIONAL  WASHINGTON -- The Pentagon on Thursday played down the significance of North Korea's military parade reportedly set for
SPORTS  Adam Pengilly (Yonhap)  A British International Olympic Committee member was sent home from the Winter Olympics, Thursday,
NATIONAL  Kim Sung-tae (center), the floor leader of the main opposition Liberty Korea Party, speaks during a party meeting
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  South Korean President Moon Jae-in's top security aide held talks Monday with high-level North Korean delegates
BUSINESS  BOK Gov. Lee Ju-yeol (Yonhap)  South Korea's central bank on Tuesday kept its key rate unchanged for
BUSINESS  WASHINGTON -- US President Donald Trump said Monday he would impose tariffs on steel imports if that helps
NATIONAL  Defense Minister Song Young-moo is shown in this file photo. (Yonhap)  Korean Defense Minister Song Young-moo inspected
SPORTS  The 2018 Winter Games kicked off on Friday in the alpine town of PyeongChang, with spectators at the
NATIONAL  South Korean short track speed skater Choi Min-jeong's quest for an unprecedented gold medal sweep at PyeongChang 2018
NATIONAL  The floor leader of the ruling Democratic Party called Tuesday for reunions of separated families between South Korea
NATIONAL  WASHINGTON -- North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's surprise invitation to South Korean President Moon Jae-in to visit Pyongyang
NATIONAL  As the two Koreas have agreed to hold an array of joint events for the PyeongChang Winter Olympics,
NATIONAL  North Korea has denounced US President Donald Trump's recent State of the Union speech as the "height of
BUSINESS  South Korea faces far more import restrictions from the United States than any other country in a clear
NATIONAL  WASHINGTON -- A group of US senators asked President Donald Trump Monday to explain his withdrawal of Victor
NATIONAL  North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's sister expressed a wish for closer inter-Korean relations in her writing in the
BUSINESS  South Korea's trade ministry said Monday it will seek ways to better protect investor rights from arbitrary regulations
NATIONAL  American Vice-President Mike Pence (left) is briefed by U.S. Gen. Vincent Brooks, commander of the United Nations Command,
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  Opposition parties urged the government Wednesday to designate the southwestern city of Gunsan an "employment disaster
NATIONAL  China`s Ambassador to South Korea Qiu Guohong arrives at the Unification Ministry building for a meeting with Vice
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  North Korea appears to be preparing modest celebratory events for late leader Kim Jong-il's birthday this
OPINION  David Rothkopf  The political crisis now confronting the United States is not the worst since Watergate. It
NATIONAL  Army soldiers gathred at downtown Gwangju to crack down on protestors during May 18 Gwangju uprising. Yonhap 
OPINION  The heightened perception of a Russian threat to the West could have at least one positive consequence: The
NATIONAL  South Korea's presidential office Cheong Wa Dae on Wednesday welcomed the planned visit of North Korean leader Kim
NATIONAL  A Seoul court on Thursday handed down a suspended prison term to a former Seoul police chief for
NATIONAL  Kim Yong-chol (Yonhap)  North Korea said Thursday it will send a high-level delegation, including a top party
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  The government will review plans to hire more native-speaking English teachers and introduce video teaching, in
NATIONAL  China’s Bank of Dandong, which was blacklisted by the US in June last year for laundering money for
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  Late North Korean leader Kim Jong-il proposed holding a summit with then-South Korean President Lee Myung-bak
LIFE&STYLE  Whitney (left) and Kyu-ho talk with The Korea Herald on Feb. 7 at Google’s Campus Seoul. (Rumy Doo/The
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  Jeju International Airport resumed operations Thursday after temporarily suspending flights for over two hours following heavy
NATIONAL  South Korea`s Defense Minister Song Young-moo Sunday attended meeting with residents in Gyeonggi Province. Yonhap  With North
NATIONAL  South Korea on Wednesday approved a plan to use a government fund to support North Korea's participation in
BUSINESS  The government said Monday that it will strengthen the punishment for big companies that steal technology owned by
NATIONAL  This photo, provided by South Korea`s presidential office, shows South Korean President Moon Jae-in (R) and U.S. Vice
NATIONAL  A South Korean man, who allegedly threatened to blow up the Japanese Embassy in Seoul after getting indignant
NATIONAL  Kim Ryen-hui (Yonhap)  A North Korean defector, who has long demanded the South Korean government allow her
SPORTS  (Yonhap)  South Korea won the gold medal in the women’s 3,000 meters short track speedskating relay finals
NATIONAL  President Moon Jae-in said Saturday that it may be too early to discuss when or if he may
BUSINESS  Trade Minister Paik Un-gyu presides at a meeting with local steel industry officials on Saturday, calling for joint
SPORTS  Korea`s female curling team competes in their match with Sweden at Gangneung Curling Centre, located in Gangneung, around
BUSINESS  (Yonhap)  Samsung Electronics brought on a foreign executive and female board member Friday, in its first meeting
LIFE&STYLE  (Yonhap)  Renowned photographer Bae Bien-u, 68, has become the latest figure outed in the #MeToo movement, being
LIFE&STYLE  In many ways, the word “conflict” is at odds with the actual concept of barista Park Jin-hoon’s new
LIFE&STYLE  Byron Kim poses with his Sunday Painting series at Kukje Gallery in Seoul (Kukje Gallery)  Installation view
BUSINESS  SsangYong Motor has signed a product license deal with parent company Mahindra and Mahindra to start production of
OPINION  Consider the disaster of American foreign policy under President Donald Trump. While the president spent his first year
OPINION  It wasn’t long ago that Matteo Renzi was the King Midas of Italian politics. At just 39, he
SPORTS  North Korean Samjiyon Orchestra's leader Hyon Song-wol performs Sunday in Seoul. Yonhap  As North Korea’s Samjiyon Orchestra
OPINION    Eli Lake  Vasyl Hrystak is the last person you would expect to praise President Donald
OPINION  The World Bank declares that its mission is to end extreme poverty within a generation and to boost
OPINION  The latest news leaked out of China’s troubled HNA Group is not good. Management has asked its employees
OPINION  The Ministry of National Defense is pushing a sweeping reform of the military judicial system.   
OPINION  English is no longer simply a language of English-speaking countries. It has become a global language for international
BUSINESS  US President Donald Trump (AP)  US President Donald Trump’s remarks Monday to push for a “reciprocal tax”
NATIONAL  Bareun Future Party members pose at the launch ceremony in Goyang, Gyeonggi Province on Tuesday. From left: Former
OPINION  North Korea stirs complex emotions, as coverage of the Winter Olympic opening ceremony shows. Most of the coverage
BUSINESS  Korea Development Bank, the second-largest shareholder of GM Korea, is likely to start due diligence on the US
NATIONAL  North Korea`s Masirkyrong Ski Resort (Yonhap)  BEIJING -- Chang Ung, the North Korean member of the International
NATIONAL  Finance Minister Kim Dong-yeon (2nd from L) speaks during a meeting in Beijing with senior executives of South
OPINION  Each year disasters caused by natural and human induced hazards cause enormous damage to cultural heritage, which include
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  South Korea and the United States pressed ahead with a regular joint military exercise this week
OPINION  Markos Kounalakis  Technology born and bred in the USA has been copied and deployed by Iran against
SPORTS  PYEONGCHANG, Gangwon Province -- South Korea's national Olympic committee has come under fire over alleged verbal abuse towards
BUSINESS  South Korean tech giant Samsung Electronics Co. has approved a preliminary investment plan to set up a second
NATIONAL  Ivanka Trump (AP)  Another whirlwind round of diplomacy is expected on the sidelines of the PyeongChang Winter
NATIONAL  Gen. Kim Yong-chol (center) (Yonhap)  Led by a hawkish general in charge of inter-Korea relations, a group
BUSINESS  As part of its efforts to honor the nation’s modern history and cultural heritage, Starbucks Coffee Korea has
NATIONAL  This photo, taken Feb. 25, 2018, shows Kim Yong-chol (C), a top North Korean party official in charge
NATIONAL  This photo, taken Feb. 27, 2018, shows Lee Joo-tae (C), South Korea`s chief delegate for the two Koreas`
NATIONAL  Rep. Woo Won-shik (L), floor leader of the ruling Democratic Party, shakes hands with his main opposition Liberty
NATIONAL  WASHINGTON -- North Korea appears to be on track to complete a new hovercraft base, with some of
BUSINESS  Trade Minister Kim Hyun-chong (third from left) attends a signing ceremony for free trade deals with Central America
BUSINESS  South Korea's per capita national debt hit 13 million won ($11,900), more than double that of 2008 when
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  Snow that started in the early hours of Sunday in the North and South Chungcheong and
LIFE&STYLE  Ko Un at the Maninbo Library (Park Hyun-koo/The Korea Herald)  Poet Ko Un is to leave Suwon
NATIONAL  South Korea said Thursday a North Korean art troupe's planned performances in the South will not involve any
NATIONAL  Yoo Seong-min, leader of the minor opposition Bareun Party(Yonhap)  South Korea should further strengthen the alliance with
LIFE&STYLE  Buckwheat dishes (Park Hyun-koo/The Korea Herald)  (Shot by Park Ju-young / Edited by Park Ju-young)  Soft
OPINION  Tobin Harshaw and Daniel Moss  President Donald Trump alone hasn’t surrendered US strategic leadership in Asia to
BUSINESS  Hyundai‘s next-generation Nexo fuel cell electric vehicle has a driving distance of 609 kilometers per charge, the longest
NATIONAL  South Korea and Uzbekistan on Tuesday agreed to further enhance bilateral ties and cooperation between the two countries,
BUSINESS  Finance Minister Kim Dong-yeon speaks during a meeting with a group of chiefs of smaller firms in downtown
NATIONAL  US Vice President Mike Pence briefly encountered North Korea's ceremonial head of state, Kim Yong-nam, Friday at a
BUSINESS  Buyers browse products from Samsung Electronics at the ISK-SODEX held in Istanbul, Turkey, from Wednesday to Saturday. (Samsung)
OPINION  The Trump administration released its infrastructure plan this month, hoping to jumpstart more than $1.5 trillion in new
OPINION  People concerned about robots taking away jobs might want to consider where it’s already happened. Machines with varying
OPINION  One could be forgiven for thinking the symbolism at the Olympics signaled a hard line from the Donald
LIFE&STYLE  “A Worker” by Choe Chang-ho (Yonhap)  This year‘s Gwangju Biennale will have special “guests” -- artwork from
NATIONAL  North Korea slammed anti-North Korea activists Wednesday for having held a rally against the North's participation in the
NATIONAL  President Moon Jae-in, left, and IOC President Thomas Bach. (Yonhap)  South Korean President Moon Jae-in was set
NATIONAL  BUSAN -- Four stowaways were arrested in South Korea and Japan on suspicion of smuggling themselves into Japan
SPORTS  (Yonhap)  South Korean government will exempt freeway fees for drivers passing through toll gates adjacent to venues
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  (Yonhap)  With only three days left to the Winter Games, concerns are being raised about
OPINION  It has been a confusing couple of years for “Davos man” -- the members of the global hyper-elite
BUSINESS  Lotte Chairman Shin Dong-bin (Yonhap)  Lotte Chairman Shin Dong-bin’s voluntary offer to quit as chief executive officer
NATIONAL  The photo filed Dec. 14, 2017, shows Choi Soon-sil, a longtime friend and confidante of ousted President Park
NATIONAL  Prime Minister Lee Nak-yon (R) shakes hands with Kim Yo-jong, sister of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, during
NATIONAL  South Korea's first lady Kim Jung-sook and Ivanka Trump, the US president's daughter and senior advisor, watched a
NATIONAL  The prosecution on Monday questioned a former senior prosecutor who allegedly sexually assaulted a female junior colleague and
NATIONAL  Former President Lee Myung-bak (left) and Lee Sang-joo (Yonhap)  Prosecutors said Monday they raided the residence and
SPORTS  GANGNEUNG, South Korea -- South Korean female speed skater Lee Sang-hwa, who captured her third Olympic medal in
NATIONAL  North Korea showcases what appears to be a new short-range ballistic missile during a military parade on Feb.
NATIONAL  Workers at the Korea Internet and Security Agency in Seoul, South Korea, monitored the spread of ransomware cyberattacks.
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  Korea's government said it will only grant reconstruction permits to old apartment units that are deemed
BUSINESS  Lotte Group Chairman Shin Dong-bin (Yonhap)  Following a Seoul Court’s guilty verdict and simultaneous sentencing of 2
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  President Moon Jae-in has instructed the government to prepare its own bill for a constitutional amendment,
NATIONAL  North Korea has appointed a senior defense official to lead the military's powerful General Political Bureau after dismissing
OPINION  In recent years, Russia and China have poured considerable resources into arenas typically associated with “soft power,” a
OPINION  [Ernest Moniz, Sam Nunn] Three steps to avert an accidental nuclear war By Bloomberg Published : Feb 4,
BUSINESS  (Yonhap)  SK Chemical Co. and two other firms were fined for providing insufficient and misleading information on
OPINION  Washington’s withdrawal of Korea expert Victor Cha from consideration for ambassador to South Korea shows US President Donald
OPINION  In 2016, the United Kingdom’s Brexit referendum and Donald Trump’s election to the US presidency created an impression
NATIONAL  Kim Yong-chol, vice chairman of the North's ruling Workers' Party, attends the closing ceremony for the 2018 PyeongChang
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  South Korea’s Supreme Court has handed a 3 year and 6 month sentence to a father
NATIONAL  WASHINGTON/SEOUL (Yonhap) – South Korean President Moon Jae-in and US President Donald Trump spoke by phone Friday and
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  North Korea has warned that the United States will pay dearly for bringing up the topic
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  A senior prosecutor was arrested Thursday for sexually assaulting a female subordinate prosecutor, as the #MeToo
NATIONAL  North Korean leader Kim Jong-un tours trolleybus factory in Pyongyang. (Yonhap)  US President Donald Trump (left) and
NATIONAL  Victor Cha. (Yonhap)  Washington’s decision to drop Victor Cha as its next US ambassador to South Korea
NATIONAL  Photo shows the Black Eagles plane from flight display team of South Korean Air Force burned after catching
BUSINESS  (Yonhap)  South Korean tech giant Samsung Electronics Co. is pushing to build a second chip-production line near
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  An independent panel looking into the judiciary's past misdeeds selected 12 cases for reinvestigation, including the
NATIONAL  Prime Minister Lee Nak-yon (right) met with Finnish Prime Minister Juha Sipila (Yonhap)  Prime Minister Lee Nak-yon
NATIONAL  Prosecutors requested a court warrant on Friday to arrest Lee Hyun-dong, former head of the National Tax Service,
NATIONAL  Rising from the ashes of war with the help of overseas aid and transforming itself from a recipient
NATIONAL  Chairman Ahn Cheol-soo of the minor opposition People’s Party speaks at a party meeting at the National Assembly
NATIONAL  With North Korea’s leader Kim Jong-un having invited President Moon Jae-in to Pyongyang for a summit, the focus
NATIONAL  North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and his wife Ri Sol-ju conducted a trial run of a new trolleybus
NATIONAL  Chang Ung, the lone North Korean member of the International Olympics Committee (Yonhap)  PYEONGCHANG, Gangwon Province --
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  South Korea's military launched helicopter gunship attacks on civilians protesting against the junta of Chun Doo-hwan
BUSINESS  LG Chem researchers conduct battery test for electric vehicles. (LG Chem)  South Korea’s major chemical firm and
NATIONAL  South Korean President Moon Jae-in (right) receives a letter of invitation for inter-Korean summit in Pyongyang from North
NATIONAL  A former special counsel who investigated a corruption scandal involving former President Lee Myung-bak appeared before prosecutors Saturday
SPORTS  PYEONGCHANG, South Korea -- International Olympic Committee Medical Director Richard Budgett said Sunday he was impressed by local
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  The US mulling imposing heavy tariffs on South Korean steel imports, ostensibly to reduce its own
NATIONAL  Faced with North Korea’s sophisticated missile and nuclear capabilities, the South Korean Army came up with its own
NATIONAL  North Korea's ceremonial leader Kim Yong-nam (Yonhap)  North Korea announced Monday that it will send the communist
NATIONAL  Employees watch electronic boards to monitor possible ransomware cyberattacks at the Korea Internet and Security Agency in Seoul,
NATIONAL  Allison Hooker, a National Security Council official arrives at Cheong Wa Dae on Friday. (Yonhap)  Although Ivanka
BUSINESS  R3 chief engineer James Carlyle. (R3)  Distributed ledgers like the blockchain system are increasingly setting a new
BUSINESS  FTC Chief Kim Sang-jo  The head of Korea’s top antitrust watchdog will introduce policies toward conglomerates to
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  A South Korean National Assembly committee on Tuesday approved a special bill on the military's deadly
BUSINESS  Finance Minister Kim Dong-yeon (Yonhap)  Questions are being raised about the relevance of the government’s move to
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  Two Cambodian men were arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after allegedly attacking and injuring two
BUSINESS  Lotte Duty Free Worldtower (Lotte Duty Free)  South Korea’s major duty-free operator Lotte Duty Free has increased
NATIONAL  With US President Donald Trump’s administration raising the prospect for direct talks with North Korea amid an inter-Korean
NATIONAL  Choi Soon-sil (Yonhap)  Choi Soon-sil, former President Park Geun-hye’s confidante accused of meddling in state affairs, was
BUSINESS  1. Kwon Oh-hyun (fifth from left), chairman of Samsung Electronics’ board and Kim Ki-nam (fourth from left), current
NATIONAL  Satellite image of the Yongbyon nuclear facility cited by 38 North. yonhap  The future of the security
NATIONAL  Former President Lee Myung-bak (Yonhap)  Prosecutors on Thursday arrested a man who is believed to have managed
NATIONAL  Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-wha (Yonhap)  Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-wha on Monday called on the North Korean regime
BUSINESS  Members of the ruling Democratic Party reacted strongly to a US proposal to impose a massive tariff on
OPINION  [Conor Sen] How Asia won the right to host three Olympics in a row By Bloomberg Published :
BUSINESS  Hyosung Chairman Cho Hyun-joon delivers a congratulatory speech at the Magnetic Maharashtra Convergence 2018 event in Mumbai, India,
NATIONAL  (Twitter)  A jumbo taxi driver was booked without detention by the Incheon tourist police Tuesday for allegedly
NATIONAL  Former presidential security adviser Kim Kwan-jin responds to questions by reporters as he appears at the Seoul Central
NATIONAL  CHEONGJU, South Korea -- Police on Tuesday booked veteran actor Jo Min-ki over a string of sexual abuse
NATIONAL  North Korea on Saturday defended its plan to celebrate the country's army anniversary with a military parade next
NATIONAL  Ahn Cheol-soo (L) and Yoo Seong-min (Yonhap News TV-Yonhap)  Fifteen lawmakers have decided to leave the center-left
NATIONAL  The Samjiyon art troupe performs in Pyongyang, North Korea, on Feb. 19, 2015. (Yonhap)  PAJU/SEOUL -- A
NATIONAL  How to deal with North Korea was one of the main topics when lawmakers from South Korea and
NATIONAL  The Ministry of National Defense on Monday announced a judicial reform plan focused on abolishing the military appellate
NATIONAL  Kim Jong-gak, a vice chief of the Ministry of the People’s Armed Forces, joined Kim Jong-un in accompanying
NATIONAL  WASHINGTON (Yonhap) -- The United States vowed Friday to bring an end to North Korea's regime if it
NATIONAL  The United States said on Friday it was imposing its largest package of sanctions to pressure North Korea
SPORTS  South Korea captured the silver medal in women's curling on the final day of the PyeongChang Winter Games
NATIONAL  Unification Minister Cho Myoung-gyon visits a joint traditional Lunar New Year ceremony held on Friday at the Imjingak
SPORTS  Pooh bears for Yuzuru Hanyu (EPA-Yonhap)  A storm of Pooh bears for Yuzuru Hanyu (EPA-Yonhap)  A
OPINION  Park Sang-seek  North Korea’s development of nuclear weapons is primarily to counter the US extended deterrence for
OPINION  In recent years, concern about a resurgent Russia has dominated the Western security establishment’s conversations. Judging by this
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  Nearly 6 out of 10 South Korean parents favor their children having high-paying professions such as
NATIONAL  President Moon Jae-in speaks at the meeting with senior aides in Seoul on Monday. Yonhap  President Moon
BUSINESS  Kim Won-il, senior lawyer specializing in intellectual property at law firm Yoon & Yang. (Park Hyun-koo/The Korea Herald)
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  The top United States negotiator on the North Korean nuclear issue will retire this week, a
NATIONAL  WASHINGTON -- US President Donald Trump said Monday that talks with North Korea are possible only under the
NATIONAL  WASHINGTON -- U.S. Vice President Mike Pence on Wednesday drew the line between talks and negotiations with North
NATIONAL  Justice Minister Park Sang-ki (Yonhap)  The Justice Ministry launched a sexual harassment prevention committee Friday, amid public
NATIONAL  North Korea`s Foreign Minister Ri Yong-ho delivered a speech at the United Nation last September. Yonhap  With
LIFE&STYLE  Ilmin Museum of Art is examining different aspects of neoliberal society through “IMA Picks,” a project that comprises
NATIONAL  WASHINGTON -- US Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said Wednesday that efforts to denuclearize North Korea remain "firmly in
BUSINESS  Kwon Yong-won, chairman the Korea Financial Investment Association (Yonhap)  The Korea Financial Investment Association hailed Tuesday the
NATIONAL  South Korean business leaders and experts on Thursday criticized the government's labor-friendly policies, calling them unnecessary regulations both
NATIONAL  Activists from Korean Animal Welfare Association holds a press conference at Gwanghwamun Square, Seoul. (Korean Animal Welfare Association)
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  Korea's foreign ministry denounced Japan on Thursday for repeating its territorial claim to Seoul's easternmost islets
NATIONAL  President Moon Jae-in will likely hold a meeting with North Korea's delegation to the closing ceremony of the
BUSINESS  (SK Group)  Officials of SK Holdings attend a ceremony marking the launch of a global car-sharing service
BUSINESS  Cho Hyun-joon, Hyosung chairman and CEO, delivers a congratulatory message at the opening ceremony of Magnetic Maharashtra Convergence
BUSINESS  S. Korean firms to participate in New Zealand's infrastructure projects    South Korean companies will actively
BUSINESS  HPE Aruba‘s Country Manager for Korea, Charles Kang, speaks to reporters at HPE headquarters in Seoul, Thursday. (Aruba)
BUSINESS  (Samsung Electronics)  Samsung Electronics Co. will unveil its new Galaxy S9 smartphone using augmented reality technology at
NATIONAL  President Moon Jae-in has picked a former head of the Cultural Heritage Administration as an advisor to help
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said Thursday dialogue between North Korea and the United States is
NATIONAL  The female prosecutor who publicly accused a former senior Justice Ministry official of sexually harassing her years ago
NATIONAL  North Korea notified South Korea that it plans to send its 140-member art troupe by ferry, Seoul officials
BUSINESS  A screen displays a real-time HD map of the surrounding area in the interior of a self-driving car
NATIONAL  German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier said Friday that dialogue is the only way to ease tensions and seek peace
NATIONAL  South Korean Foreign Minister Kang Kung-wha is considering attending a meeting of the UN Human Rights Council to
BUSINESS  (LG Electronics)  (LG Electronics)  BARCELONA, Spain -- Instead of revealing a new flagship G series model
BUSINESS  Chang Byoung-wan, head of the Trade, Industry, Energy, SMEs and Startups Committee, talks with the GM Korea labor
BUSINESS  KT employees test the one-to-many quantum encryption network at the company’s research lab in Seocho-gu, Seoul. (KT) 
NATIONAL  A woman holds a sign reading “You are not alone,” at a rally on Feb. 1 in Daegu
BUSINESS  Philip Evans, senior advisor to the BCG (BCG)  Artificial intelligence is growing smarter by the second, and
NATIONAL  South Korean Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-wha left for Geneva, Switzerland, on Sunday to attend a UN meeting on
BUSINESS  Korean pears are round and often bigger than apples (Yonhap)  Canada has eased quarantine standards for pear
LIFE&STYLE  Guests learn traditional crafts at a Seollal event at the Yeoksam Global Village Center in Seoul. (YGVC) 
NATIONAL  Lawmakers of the main opposition Liberty Korea Party protest the government`s decision to recieve Kim Yong-chol as part
ENTERTAINMENT  PH-1 (H1GHR Music)  “Gatsby and I, it was such a perfect coincidence. I just immediately related to
NATIONAL  South Korean President Moon Jae-in is set to meet Ivanka Trump, the eldest daughter of his US counterpart,
BUSINESS  South Korean export growth helped create a record 4.47 million jobs in 2017, a report by a local
NATIONAL  North Korea has “ample intentions” to hold talks with the US, a senior North Korean official leading the
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  Hundreds of South Korean troops will be deployed to Thailand this month for an annual international
NATIONAL  MIRYANG, South Korea -- The death toll from a fire at a hospital in Miryang, a city in
NATIONAL  A South Korean Army colonel was indicted Wednesday for obstructing the military's investigation into the alleged involvement of
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  A visit to South Korea's heavily fortified Demilitarized Zone was picked as the most popular tour
NATIONAL  WASHINGTON -- US intelligence chief Dan Coats said Tuesday that the time for a decision on Washington's response
NATIONAL  South Korea sees the United States' latest review of its nuclear posture as a reaffirmation of its commitment
BUSINESS  (Yonhap)  Bitcoin, the largest cryptocurrency in the world in market cap, sank further in South Korea on
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  South Korea's presidential office Cheong Wa Dae on Thursday welcomed Pope Francis' remarks praising the recent
NATIONAL  This file photo taken Feb. 7, 2018, shows the North Korean taekwondo demonstration team and officials at Gimpo
NATIONAL  North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, right, and sister Kim Yo-jong. (AP)  Kim Yong-nam (Yonhap)  North Korea
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  Ailing Samsung Electronics Chairman Lee Kun-hee has been booked for suspected tax evasion by keeping about
BUSINESS  SK Chairman Chey Tae-won (SK Group)  SK Group is set to establish a nonprofit foundation in March
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  Prosecutors on Tuesday demanded 30 years in prison and a fine of 118.5 billion won ($110
BUSINESS  Naver founder Lee Hae-jin (Yonhap)  Naver's headquarters in Pangyo, Gyeonggi Province (Yonhap)
BUSINESS  Samsung Electronics Koh Dong-jin speaks during a press conference held in Barcelona, Spain on Monday. (Yonhap)  BARCELONA,
NATIONAL  F-15K fighter jets (Yonhap)  China flew a military aircraft into South Korea's air defense identification zone for
OPINION  If the Trump administration is really thinking about trying to give North Korea a “bloody nose” with a
OPINION  America certainly has a different kind of president than what it is used to. What distinguishes Donald Trump
OPINION  James Stavridis  Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is a pragmatic Texan with plenty of experience in Latin
NATIONAL  President Moon Jae-in meets China’s Politburo Standing Committee member Han Zheng (left) at Cheong Wa Dae in Seoul
OPINION  The Berlin Wall divided the city for 28 years, two months and 28 days starting Aug. 13, 1961.
NATIONAL  A day before the opening ceremony of the PyeongChang Winter Olympics, North Korea held a military parade in
“We will continue the litigations until all acts of infringement are terminated and our business reputation is recovered, upon the
NATIONAL  South Korean President Moon Jae-in will meet North Korean government delegates to the PyeongChang Olympic Games this week,
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  The apparent suicide of a nurse at Seoul Asan Medical Center last Thursday has stirred up
SPORTS  (Yonhap)  An employee at Gangneung Media Village, a residential apartment complex used by media personnel covering the
ENTERTAINMENT  Lee Youn-taek speaks at a press conference in Seoul on Monday. (Yonhap)  Lee Youn-taek speaks at a
LIFE&STYLE  Asif Khan’s Hyundai Pavilion stands at PeyongChang Olympic Plaza, in PyeongChang, Gangwon Province ( Hyundai Motor)  British
SPORTS  (Twitter)  Chicago-based broadcaster ABC 7 has recently come under fire for “accidently” referring to the PyeongChang Olympics
NATIONAL  Prosecutors are expected to demand a heavy punishment for former President Park Geun-hye this week in a high-profile
NATIONAL  South Korean Minister of Foreign Affairs Kang Kyung-wha and Finnish Foreign Minister Timo Soini shake hands in Seoul
NATIONAL  A North Korean committee on Thursday blasted the United States and Japan for conducting a joint missile drill,
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  North Korea’s high-level delegation to the closing ceremony of the PyeongChang Winter Olympics includes multiple officials
NATIONAL  WASHINGTON -- North Korea is pursuing nuclear weapons as a means to reunify the Korean Peninsula under its
LIFE&STYLE  Akram Zaatari talks about his collection of photographs at the Gangwon International Biennale 2018, in Gangneung, Gangwon Province,
NATIONAL  With North Korea’s nominal head of state Kim Yong-nam planning to attend the opening of the PyeongChang Winter
LIFE&STYLE  (Leesle)  Designer Hwang Leesle (Leesle)  Hwang‘s bold interpretations of hanbok for today (Leesle)  Hwang‘s bold
BUSINESS  Ending nearly a year in jail, Samsung Electronics Vice Chairman Lee Jae-yong was released Monday, after the appeals
SPORTS  Korean-American snowboarding sensation Chloe Kim said Thursday that she tries not to feel pressure from the huge expectations
NATIONAL  Lt. Gen. Jun Jin-goo visited Maldo and Udo and checked troops' readiness for wintertime contingency operations. (Yonhap) 
NATIONAL  A photo of Kim Jong-un and ranking officials' visit to the Kumsusan Palace of the Sun released by
NATIONAL  South Korean President Moon Jae-in briefly encountered North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's sister on Friday at the opening
NATIONAL  US Vice President Mike Pence meets a North Korean defector on Friday. (Yonhap)  US Vice President Mike
NATIONAL  The main opposition Liberty Korea Party on Tuesday decried the government's decision to allow the entry of a
NATIONAL  Choo Mi-ae, chief of South Korea's ruling Democratic Party, has called for China to play a greater role
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  Traffic volume rose sharply on expressways and highways in South Korea on Saturday, as hordes of
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  The South Korean government said it would provide food, fuel and electricity for the North Korean
BUSINESS  Asiana Airlines CEO Kim Soo-cheon speaks during a press conference to commerate the 30th anniversary of the company's
LIFE&STYLE  "UFAN X KUSAMA" exhibition by Seoul Auction will be on display at SA+, Seoul Auction's new exhibition hall
NATIONAL  With North Korea gearing up to hold a military parade Thursday, signs have emerged that the reclusive regime
BUSINESS  Zheng Deog-bae, director-general of KOTRA’s overseas Intellectual Property Protection Office. (KOTRA)  For small enterprises with limited resources
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  INCHEON/SEOUL -- Ivanka Trump, the daughter of US President Donald Trump, said Monday that she had
NATIONAL  WASHINGTON -- Ivanka Trump has had no interaction with North Korean officials during her visit to South Korea,
NATIONAL  North Korea’s Mangyongbong-92 (Yonhap)  North Korea has requested South Korea provide additional fuel for its vessel currently
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  A two-day forum on sustainable development kicked off in Seoul on Wednesday, bringing together experts and
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  The court ordered government bodies to compensate the family of a public servant who took her
WORLD  South African President Jacob Zuma addresses the nation and press at the government’s Union Buildings in Pretoria, South
SPORTS  A rehearsal for the opening ceremony of the PyeongChang Winter Olympics will be held Saturday, its organizing committee
WORLD  (AFP-Yonhap)  Ethiopia declared a state of emergency on Friday, a move capping a tumultuous week that saw
SPORTS  South Korean speedskater Lee Sang-hwa was seen training Saturday at the Gangneung Oval, a day before her attempt
BUSINESS  South Korea will take proactive measures to boost exports to keep the growth momentum going despite rising protectionist
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  The Cabinet plans to approve a measure Tuesday that calls for shortening the period of interrogation
NATIONAL  North Koraen leader Kim Jong-un and US President Donald Trump. Yonhap  Speculations are rising that US President
OPINION  [Editorial] Beware of China By Korea Herald Chinese military plane enters Korea’s air defense identification zone without notice
NATIONAL  North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has agreed to South Korean President Moon Jae-in's proposal to install liaison offices
NATIONAL  Hong Joon-pyo (Yonhap)  The main opposition Liberty Korea Party’s barrage of criticisms against a recent inter-Korean summit
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  BUSAN -- Police clashed Tuesday with activists who attempted to erect a statue symbolizing Korean victims
NATIONAL  President Moon Jae-in (Yonhap)  Members of the Korean Confederation of Trade Unions, an umbrella labor group, participate
BUSINESS  Cinemex officials promote the Onyx screen by Samsung Electronics at a theater in Mexico City. (Samsung Electronics) 
NATIONAL  President Moon Jae-in (left) and UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres (Cheong Wa Dae, Yonhap file photo)  South Korean
ENTERTAINMENT  Scottish Ballet's "Hansel and Gretel" (LG Arts Center)  The last time the Scottish Ballet performed in Seoul
BUSINESS  Reuters  Prosecutors on Tuesday sought arrest warrants for three officials from Samsung Electronics Co.'s after-services affiliate and
BUSINESS  Cho Hyun-min apologize to the public in front of reporters at the Seoul Gangseo Police Station on May
NATIONAL  WASHINGTON -- North Korea's nuclear test site appears to be operational contrary to claims that is has been
BUSINESS  (Yonhap)  South Korea's exports retreated in April from a year earlier, marking the first dip in 18
NATIONAL  North Korea has held a meeting of senior party, state and military officials to discuss ways to push
BUSINESS  (Yonhap)  WASHINGTON -- The United States on Monday formally exempted South Korea from steep tariffs on steel
NATIONAL  Moon Jae-in (Yonhap)  South Korean President Moon Jae-in is set to engage in a flurry of diplomacy
NATIONAL  South Korean Defense Minister Song Young-moo (R) talks with US lawmakers at his Seoul office on May 2,
NATIONAL  Moon Chung-in, at a forum on April 26 at the inter-Korean summit media center at the KINTEX exhibition
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  Prosecutors are looking at ways to forfeit criminal proceeds from embezzlement, in addition to bribes, drawing
NATIONAL  Police said Wednesday they have summoned a ruling party lawmaker for questioning later this week over alleged involvement
ENTERTAINMENT  Ryan Reynolds (Yonhap)  Ryan Reynolds (Yonhap)  Ryan Reynolds (Yonhap)  Ryan Reynolds (Yonhap)  Ryan Reynolds
BUSINESS  This file photo shows Bank of Korea (BOK) Gov. Lee Ju-yeol leaving for Washington, D.C. to attend the
ENTERTAINMENT  Pucca (VOOZ)  Hong Ki-sung, head of CJ E&M’s Animation Division (left) and Kim Boo-kyoung, CEO of VOOZ,
BUSINESS  Lee Jae-yong (Yonhap)  Samsung Electronics heir apparent and Vice Chairman Lee Jae-yong departed for Shenzhen on Wednesday
BUSINESS  (Hyundai Motor)  Hyundai Motor said Wednesday it is working with the Transport Ministry and Ansilyeon, a citizens’
WORLD  TRIPOLI (AFP) -- A suicide attack on Libya’s electoral commission killed at least 11 people in the capital
NATIONAL  Late South Korean President Kim Dae-jung met with then North Koraen leader Kim Jong-il in Pyongyang for the
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  President Moon Jae-in will hold a rare meeting with his country's top officials this week to
NATIONAL  (AP)  Four in 5 Koreans said they support the #MeToo movement, according to survey results released Wednesday.In
NATIONAL  Cho Hyun-min, a former senior executive of South Korea's largest airline and a daughter of its chief, has
NATIONAL  South Korean President Moon Jae-in (left), US President Donald Trump, Chinese President Xi Jinping, North Korean leader Kim
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  Seoul on Tuesday lifted the ban on women serving in the Special Forces, opening up new
NATIONAL  Seo Ji-hyun (Yonhap)  Seo Ji-hyun, the prosecutor whose disclosure of sexual misconduct by a senior Justice Ministry
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  The Ministry of Education plans to announce new guidelines for high school history textbooks in about
NATIONAL  South Korean President Moon Jae-in and President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey agreed on Wednesday to enhance their
NATIONAL  WASHINGTON -- US President Donald Trump said Tuesday the location and date of his meeting with North Korean
NATIONAL  US warplanes on standby during the Vigilant Ace South Korea-US joint air drill held from Dec. 4 to
BUSINESS  WASHINGTON -- The United States will levy antidumping duties on imports of South Korean carbon and alloy steel
NATIONAL  North Korea has relocated three American detainees from a labor camp to a hotel on the outskirts of
LIFE&STYLE  Yun Ik-han, senior advisor of the Korea Journalists Club (Park Hyun-koo/The Korea Herald)  Last week, the eye
NATIONAL  Former President Chun Doo-hwan (Yonhap)  The photo filed Oct. 14, 2017, shows a copy of former President
BUSINESS  Participants including Thorsten Herdan (fifth from right), director-general of the Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Energy, and
NATIONAL  Army Maj. Gen. Kim Do-gyun (L), appointed to lead South Korea`s delegation to general-grade talks with North Korea,
NATIONAL  Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi (left) and North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong-ho meets in Pyongyang on Wednesday
NATIONAL  WASHINGTON -- US Vice President Mike Pence on Wednesday paid tribute to North Koreans who fled the regime
OPINION  Last month, the US and UK governments released a joint “Technical Alert” on the dangers of “Russian state-sponsored
BUSINESS  From top left, clockwise: LS Chairman Christopher Koo; Samsung Electronics CEO Kim Ki-nam; SK President Kim Jun; KCCI
LIFE&STYLE  French intellect and author Guy Sorman speaks with The Korea Herald in Seoul on April 18. (Park Hyun-koo/
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  To better understand the joint Panmunjeom Declaration signed at a historic inter-Korean summit last week, it
OPINION  Choi Yearn-hong  The presence of the US troops in South Korea is sure to be a crucial
OPINION  Moon Chung-in, special adviser to President Moon Jae-in on security and diplomacy, has caused controversy with his remarks
ENTERTAINMENT  (Live Nation Korea)  (Live Nation Korea)  Noel Gallagher, formerly of legendary British rock band Oasis, will
OPINION  As an advocate for the abolition of nuclear weapons, I don’t have the luxury of mincing words. There
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  Police on Thursday questioned two lawyers in connection with an influential blogger charged with rigging online
BUSINESS  (Style Nanda)  French cosmetics giant L’Oreal has acquired a 100 percent stake in Style Nanda, marking its
NATIONAL  WASHINGTON -- New US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo vowed Wednesday to push for North Korea's denuclearization "without
NATIONAL  US Armed Forces Korea (Yonhap)  South Korea’s presidential office on Friday rejected reports that the US may
BUSINESS  David Eun /Linkedin  David Eun, president of Samsung Next, an innovation arm of Samsung Electronics, has been
NATIONAL  Suzanne Scholte. Park Hyun-koo/The Korea Herald  The historic meeting between South Korean President Moon Jae-in and North
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  President Moon Jae-in’s top security adviser is visiting Washington to discuss matters related to the upcoming
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has held "wide-ranging and in-depth" talks with China's foreign minister over
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  WASHINGTON -- The White House on Thursday declined to confirm reports that three American detainees in
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  A ruling party lawmaker and former aide to President Moon Jae-in was questioned by police on
BUSINESS  (Yonhap)  MANILA -- Finance chiefs from South Korea, China and Japan on Friday warned against growing protectionism
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  The minor opposition Party for Democracy and Peace on Friday lashed out at two major parties
BUSINESS  (Yonhap)  Hundreds of former and current employees at Korean Air Lines Co. will stage a candlelight vigil
NATIONAL  President Moon Jae-in (Yonhap)  South Korean President Moon Jae-in and Chinese President Xi Jinping vowed to closely
BUSINESS  Financial Supervisory Service Gov. nominee Yoon Suk-heun enters the Korea Banking Institute building Friday, after the Financial Services
NATIONAL  South Korea called on activists Friday to immediately stop their campaign to send anti-Pyongyang propaganda leaflets across the
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  A former aide to ousted President Park Geun-hye was released from prison Friday after serving an
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  WASHINGTON/SEOUL -- US President Donald Trump has ordered the Pentagon to review downsizing American troops stationed
NATIONAL  Police on Friday requested a court warrant to arrest a daughter of Korean Air Lines Co.'s chairman over
NATIONAL  Kim Sung-tae (left), the floor leader of the main opposition Liberty Korea Party, is taken to a hospital
BUSINESS  South Korean President Moon Jae-in (right) meets with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in their first summit held
NATIONAL  Four South Korean ministers traveled to two western border islands on Saturday to solicit residents' opinions over a
NATIONAL  Volcanic ash is spreading from Hawaii's Kilauea Volcano on Friday, after a quake hit the island. (Yonhap) 
NATIONAL  President Moon Jae-in and US President Donald Trump will hold a summit meeting in Washington D.C. on May
NATIONAL  (Yonhap)  Following last month’s historic inter-Korean summit, South Korea’s main opposition Liberty Korea Party is embroiled in
OPINION  Kim Seong-kon (Literature Translation Institute of Korea)  Sincere praise and congratulations are due to The Korea Herald,
NATIONAL  Firefighters investigate the scene of the explosion in Yangju, north of Seoul, on May 7, 2018. (Yonhap) 
NATIONAL  North Korea on Monday ratcheted up its criticism of Japan for advocating "maximum pressure" on the communist country
NATIONAL  South Korea's state prosecutors sought an arrest warrant Sunday for a man who beat the floor leader of
NATIONAL  Dr. Ramon Pacheco Pardo is the Korea Foundation-Vrije Universiteit Brussel Korea chair at the Institute for European Studies
NATIONAL  Rival parties continued a standoff Monday, failing to normalize the National Assembly that has been paralyzed since April.
BUSINESS  Hyundai Heavy Industries Holdings’ management support division head Chung Ki-seo (fourth from left) and Kuka chief Till Reuter
BUSINESS  Attendees including Lim Sung-nam, first vice minister of foreign affairs (sixth from left), Kim Jae-hyun, minister of the
NATIONAL  Mount Kumgang on North Korea`s east coast. (Yonhap)  With the two Koreas seeking ways to resume joint
NATIONAL  Kwon In-sook, head of the committee for measures against sexual harassment and sexual crimes in the Justice Ministry
NATIONAL  (123RF)  The British government has struck a 1 billion pound ($1.36 billion) agreement with the UK’s artificial
NATIONAL  Polish Ambassador to Korea Piotr Ostaszewski (right) clinks glasses with Rep. Chang Byong-wan (center) and Oh Young-ju, the
NATIONAL  European Union Ambassador to Korea Michael Reiterer (Park Hyun-koo/The Korea Herald)  European Union Ambassador Michael Reiterer on
OPINION  Leonid Bershidsky  President Donald Trump has been determined to confront the US’ European allies on every issue
OPINION  It’s been a historic week on the Korean Peninsula. The North-South summit between Kim Jong-un and Moon Jae-in
OPINION  [Editorial] A stretch of authority By Korea Herald Cheong Wa Dae was wrong to notify court of petition
OPINION  One sign of how long Vladimir Putin has held power is that Russians in their late teens (or
BUSINESS  South Korea ranked No. 2 around the globe in terms of smartphone data subscription costs last month, data
NATIONAL  South Korea's top nuclear envoy plans to visit the United States this week to talk about inter-Korean summit
NATIONAL  (Video shot and produced by Lim Jeong-yeo/The Korea Herald)  Korean Air employee Park Chang-jin (Lim Jeong-yeo/The Korea
NATIONAL  INCHEON -- A lower court has acquitted a Jehovah's Witness who refused mandatory military service due to his
OPINION  Kim Seong-kon  These days, young Koreans tend to blame their parents for their disadvantages. When they feel
OPINION  [Jonathan Bernstein] Trump is doubling down on a self-destructive strategy By Bloomberg Published : May 8, 2018 -
The federal government will spend $284 million over the next five years to enforce new laws protecting habitat wherever fish
‘After the triumph of the Cuban Revolution…” says Rainer, with his usual reflexive patriotism, or, more likely, the fruit of
BOSTON — The Museum of Fine Arts is opening its doors to celebrate the Lunar New Year.  The renowned
The Greater Victoria school district’s vagabond archives could be finding a permanent home in the former Bank Street Elementary. 
There’s good fun afoot at the Phoenix Theatre if attempted murder, faulty ovaries and psychiatric wards are your cup of
PYEONGCHANG, Korea, Republic Of — Canadian ski cross racer Dave Duncan is apologizing for "behaviour that demonstrated poor judgement" after
Island Health’s interim CEO, Kathy MacNeil, has been appointed to the job permanently.  She is now Island Health president
Lawyers for both Crown and defence told a B.C. Supreme Court jury to consider carefully the evidence they heard during
Re: “Universal truth about universal child care,” column, Feb. 25.  I thank Catherine Holt for raising the important issue
TORONTO — Retired Hamilton Spectator operations boss Bill Repath watched the Oscar-nominated film "The Post" with keen interest, knowing more
Re: “Grey Bridge needs an audit,” comment, Feb. 8.  The commentary downplays the criticality and proven value of the
One down, many to go. The provincial government has made a deal with Airbnb, as laws and regulations try to
WASHINGTON — A dramatic new chapter opened Friday in the Russian election-meddling scandal as special counsel Robert Mueller described in
VANCOUVER — The B.C. government says it's giving a financial break to young adults who have spent time in its
The province has promised new housing in its latest budget, but a key challenge that persists is the time it
VANCOUVER — A lawsuit in the case involving a British Columbia Mountie who failed to get out of his cruiser
HUALIEN, Taiwan — Taiwanese broadcasters say two Canadians are among those killed in the earthquake that hit the country this
Parents dreaming of $10-a-day child care will likely see their infants and toddlers enter middle school before that happens. 
Finance Minister Carole James announced a raft of new tax measures Tuesday to help pay for major investments in child
The largest aerospace and defence show in Asia was ground zero for sales and milestones for Victoria-based Viking Air this
Last year was “the most tragic year ever” for illicit drug overdose deaths in B.C., prompting public health officials to
TEHRAN, Iran — The death of an Iranian-Canadian professor in Iran points to a pattern of the country's judicial authorities
PARKLAND, Fla. — The Latest on the deadly shooting at a Florida high school (all times local):  9:55 p.m.
The B.C. NDP’s latest speech from the throne and budget painted rural communities and resource development in few broad strokes,
OTTAWA — The federal government doesn't believe it can do much on its own to stem the growing tide of
WASHINGTON — The Commerce Department is urging President Donald Trump to impose tariffs or quotas on imported aluminum and steel,
TORONTO — A new Netflix crime drama explores the racial tensions resulting from police misconduct in the U.S. — and
I’m really into “second cities” these days. Over several generations, Industrial Age powerhouses in Europe turned into what we would
B.C.’s minimum wage is going to creep up — too quickly to please some and too slowly to please others.
When B.C. Ferries president Mark Collins walks into the engine room of the Spirit of Vancouver Island, his face lights
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has announced that Canada will sign on to a revised Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement. The original
In November, in a welcome announcement and demonstration of non-partisan leadership, Jody Wilson-Raybould, minister of justice and attorney general of
On the side of the highway south of Duncan, there is a billboard sponsored by one of B.C.’s largest and
The lawyer representing an Oak Bay father charged with murdering his two young daughters on Christmas Day is pushing for
TORONTO — Former Ontario Progressive Conservative leader Patrick Brown says he is fighting to reclaim his old job after receiving
TORONTO — A Toronto woman serving a life sentence for the murder of her seven-year-old stepson will be allowed to
Arthur Black, the humorist and CBC radio broadcaster who chronicled his terminal cancer diagnosis with his signature wit, has died
Carbon dioxide is increasingly dissolving in the oceans and turning them more acidic, so scientists need a way to measure
The cellphone of a man accused of sexually assaulting and robbing two University of Victoria international students was used to
STRATFORD, Ont. — A driver in southern Ontario was charged with a fairly unusual traffic violation last week — travelling
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump is complaining about Canadian trade practices while threatening some as-yet-undefined international tax that has revived
HALIFAX — One of Canada's oldest universities is embarking on a scholarly inquiry to examine its possible connections with slavery
NEW YORK — A New York City bicyclist delivering Chinese food is blaming the Waze navigation app for directing him
What: 24th Annual Victoria Film Festival  Where: Various venues, including the Victoria Conference Centre, The Vic Theatre, Capitol 6,
A climate-change denier’s article critical of B.C. Green Party Leader Andrew Weaver was so “poorly written” and lacking in credibility
OTTAWA — Conservative senators are balking at an attempt to speed up consideration of a bill to legalize recreational marijuana,
The Coquihalla Highway has reopened following a multi-vehicle crash the previous evening that sent 29 people to hospital and stranded
SIMI VALLY, Calif. — At least one police officer has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after a crash
A passenger apparently forgot that he had three bullets in his carry-on bag when he attempted to fly from Victoria
Listen to each other and stand together, urged a speaker at the annual Stolen Sisters Memorial March in Victoria on
How to write about Black History Month when, to be blunt, we’re two white guys?  We had to recognize
Charles I.M. Lugosi is a former law professor and is a lawyer with Crease Harman LLP in Victoria.  The
It’s one of those issues that Justin Trudeau just can’t scrape off his shoe. Faith groups are up in arms.
TORONTO — A disgraced RCMP officer convicted of torturing of his captive 11-year-old son at their home in suburban Ottawa
OTTAWA — New Democrats from across the country will begin gathering in the national capital on Thursday, hoping to lay
CHARLOTTETOWN — A member of the Mi'kmaq Nation traditional government says adding an Indigenous name to a Prince Edward Island
When Melissa Smuzynski learned that she was expecting, she wanted a nursery that reflected her family’s love of travel. But
A timeline of the tumultuous events that followed the resignation of former Progressive Conservative leader Patrick Brown in January, and
Meridian Marine Industries Inc. has inked a deal to handle warranty work for B.C. Ferries’ three new Salish-class vessels that
Re: “B.C. acting like spoiled child,” letter. Feb. 9.  I read the enthusiastically written letter jeering the B.C. government
Actress Kim Cattrall has announced her missing brother, for whom she had launched a massive search on social media, has
B.C.'s new package of tough measures takes aim at tax evaders who stash money in real estate, hide their ownership
The Alberta government accepted an olive branch from British Columbia and suspended its ban on B.C. wine Thursday in a
An Australian man has been charged after police allege he exploited a nine-year-old Canadian girl online.  Police in Sydney,
A new $50-million-plus graving dock to be built at Point Hope Maritime shipyard near the new Johnson Street Bridge was
WINNIPEG — Manitoba has agreed to a deal with Ottawa that could see the province receive up to $67 million
The risk of a fatal accident among young drivers spikes by 38 per cent in the hours after 4/20 celebrations,
Miniature horses, monkeys and pigs can legally fly as emotional support animals on at least one Canadian airline but an
Re: “Trump says arm teachers: They love kids,” Feb. 24.  If you watched TV in the 1970s, you might
I am driving listening to the radio.  Three women are being interviewed on CBC about the problem of men
BOKWANG, Korea, Republic Of — Canada's Brady Leman has won gold in men's skicross at the Pyeongchang Olympics.  Leman,
MONTREAL — Social activists are denouncing a Quebec government practice that cuts off welfare payments if recipients leave the province
First Nations and Métis laws will start to take their place alongside common law as UVic offers the world’s first
VANCOUVER — For 10-year-old Isabelle Smit, finding new blood relatives through a long-shot DNA drive has been like a game
CALGARY — Imperial Oil Ltd. is warning regulators and customers that aviation gasoline shipped from its Edmonton-area refinery could cause
VANCOUVER — British Columbia has no clear plan to prevent threats such as wildfires, flooding and drought as it works
Re: “B.C. and Alberta face off over coast,” column, Feb. 1.  Pipelines are safer than rail. The market is
Ride-hailing is on its way to British Columbia after the online services received the unanimous support of an all-party committee
OTTAWA — Prime Minister Justin Trudeau will not meet with the Indian politician who has publicly accused members of Trudeau's
EDMONTON — Alberta Premier Rachel Notley put her 19-member task force to work Wednesday, tasked with continuing to take the
OTTAWA — Natalie Charles has almost completed her goal of becoming a paralegal, but she wants to do her job
B.C. has announced $20 million over three years for First Nations communities struggling with the drug-overdose crisis that’s disproportionately affecting
An inquest probing the circumstances surrounding the 2012 death of an Ontario Indigenous woman is recommending stricter protocols for handling
B.C. Green Party Leader Andrew Weaver has been exerting his influence in several ways on the government’s agenda, and that
Words such as “raucous” and “rowdy” are in a lot of the headlines about Prime Minister Justin Trudeau’s town hall
Construction will start next month on the first phase of a 20-year expansion at Nanaimo Airport, where passenger numbers have
WASHINGTON — The Trump White House's handling of abuse charges against men in its midst is frustrating prominent Republican women
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump on Saturday accused the Democrats of playing politics with classified information, asserting that their memo
Lower Mainland resident Clifford Earl Erickson was handed a criminal conviction in 1998 for defrauding business associates of hundreds of
OTTAWA — The Trudeau government's upcoming budget will account for the costs of pursuing gender equality when it comes to
The College of Registered Nurses of B.C. says a precedent-setting penalty to a nurse who financially exploited an elderly couple
HALIFAX — The endangered leatherback sea turtle is an elusive creature of the deep.  Last week, however, scientists were
HALIFAX — Nova Scotia's highest court has overturned the sexual assault convictions of an HIV-positive former boxer who slept with
The outcry from Aboriginal groups and others after a jury acquitted a Saskatchewan farmer last week in the death of
PYEONGCHANG, Korea, Republic Of — Russia could lose its chance to be reinstated before the end of the Winter Olympics
Sex toys, record players, thermometers and charging cables are just a few of the items mysteriously arriving at college and
Nanaimo taxpayers forked over $12,171 for the city’s annual staff and council Christmas party, but most of the food was
The aluminum sculpture hangs high above Yates Street, as though pulled from the ground and carried aloft when the 15-storey
Northridge Elementary could be getting new classroom space to accommodate the needs of both the school and a child-care program.
Interpol is searching for a man, charged in Victoria with two counts of attempted murder, who jumped bail and fled
OTTAWA — The Canadian Judicial Council is recommending that a Quebec Superior Court justice be removed from office.  A
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas ruled out the United States as a broker for peace with Israel on Tuesday, calling for
MONTREAL — A fundraiser launched to help finance a new home for a man paralyzed in last year's Quebec City
VANCOUVER — Michelle Obama says social media magnifies feelings of political and cultural division, underlining a need for people to
TORONTO — Two Canadian women who faced charges in Cambodia of producing pornographic images during a party have arrived on
The first full look at the NDP’s post-election agenda shows the government is bound and determined to dive into the
A man who stabbed and killed a 15-year-old Victoria High School student waiting for the bus in front of the
A “shared streets” approach is being proposed for James Bay streets to make it safer and easier to get around.
OTTAWA — Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is planning to overhaul the way the federal government relates to Indigenous Peoples, proposing
Some odd bits and loose ends:  • Here’s an amazing fact gleaned from Twitter, which means it must be
Update: Airbnb to collect sales taxes on rentals; money will go to affordable housing [link]  The province will make
PARIS — A French court on Wednesday acquitted a man charged with harbouring Islamic extremists after they carried out the
CALGARY — The Alberta Securities Commission is banning the former CEO of the Canadian arm of Chinese oil giant CNOOC
An Ontario judge has struck down a mandatory minimum sentence for a drug smuggling offence, ruling that two years in
NEW DELHI — India and Iran said Saturday that they would step up co-operation in combatting extremism, terrorism and drug
The Royal Canadian Navy dispatched four Orca-class ships from CFB Esquimalt Monday to search for 30,000 litres of fuel that
V2V Empress ferry back in service with new engines, skipper, optimism  There is a new man with a hand
Seated in a brightly lit Hollywood coffee shop, Aparna Nancherla doesn’t have the usual bearing of a comedy scene-stealer. Cheerful
HALIFAX — Nova Scotia will require industrial facilities generating 50,000 tonnes or more of greenhouse gas emissions per year to
KELOWNA, B.C. — Liberal Ben Stewart easily won a byelection Wednesday to replace former B.C. premier Christy Clark in the
VICTORIA — British Columbia's finance minister shelved the tradition of buying new shoes to present her budget in favour of
ST. JOHN'S, N.L. — An appeal court has dramatically reduced a five-year jail term given a 74-year-old man for molesting
OTTAWA — The Liberal government moved to tighten the tax rules for small businesses in the federal budget Tuesday as
DETROIT — Using the adaptive cruise control on his Toyota Avalon left Rich Heidebrink feeling uneasy.  “I was always
Update: A snowfall forecast has ended for parts of Vancouver Island.  At noon on Sunday, Drive B.C.'s network of
Gleaming brass vessels from Nepal and Egypt, blue china pots from Thailand, baskets from Malaysia, a hairpiece from northern Vietnam
CALGARY — Police have released a high-tech image they say is a likeness of the mother of a baby girl
OTTAWA — EDITORS: Kill and make no further use of Trudeau-India-Sikhs-Background, moved at 14:03 ET on Wednesday, Feb. 21. The
Re: “Duterte kills deal for Canadian helicopters,” Feb. 10.  How dare we sell our helicopters to the Philippines because
AIRDRIE, Alta. — Friends of an Alberta woman slain 16 years ago say they had lost virtually all hope police
Civil lawsuits over cannabis sales, such as the one the City of Victoria won last week, are part of a
What: University of Victoria School of Music: New Music and Digital Media Festival.  When/where: Friday through Sunday, various times
VANCOUVER — A British Columbia man has pleaded guilty to the second-degree murder of his mother.  A news release
When the drivers line up along the grid for the Daytona 500 on Feb. 18, there will be one Victoria
Victorians expecting to wake up to a fresh dump of snow might have been surprised by the lack of precipitation,
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump is floating a unique two-step move on gun control. It involves both more guns and
Saanich police say they have worked diligently for the past 10 years to find the people responsible for the slaying
What: Isaiah Bell, tenor: Schubert’s Winterreise.  When/where: Saturday, 4 p.m., Mossy Rocks (2875 Tudor Ave.).  Tickets: $25, seniors,
IN CONCERT  What: 54-40 Unplugged  Where: McPherson Playhouse  When: Thursday Feb. 22, 7:30 p.m.  Tickets: $52.25
LA LOCHE, Sask. — An imminent sentencing decision for a young man who pleaded guilty to fatal shootings at a
MUMBAI, India — An Indian politician who publicly accused members of Justin Trudeau's cabinet of being connected to the Sikh
A new wave of mainstream Indigenous politicians in Canada is seeking to harness anger about the Colten Boushie verdict into
NEW YORK — Donald Trump Jr.'s wife was taken to a New York City hospital on Monday as a precaution
Eight stories in the news for Tuesday, Feb. 13  ———  article continues below  NOTLEY GIVES FEDS DAYS
Including First Nations languages in public schools would be an easy but enormous step forward in the Truth and Reconciliation
Marzhan Nurzhan has a mission. The 25-year-old from Kazakhstan is rallying global youth to tackle one of the biggest threats
OTTAWA — An RCMP member who was fined for disgraceful conduct in the workplace has launched a fresh court challenge
TORONTO — The emergence of a Tory leadership candidate committed to repealing Ontario's sex-ed curriculum may yet see the Progressive
Re: “ICBC ‘financial dumpster fire’ with $1.3B loss,” Jan. 30.  The first thing the NDP needs to do is
Provincial health care premiums paid by individuals and families are to be eliminated on Jan. 1, 2020.  The provincial
Dear Dr. Roach: Recently, a physician in my area lost his licence for having an intimate relationship with several of
The cold snap is expected to persist on southern Vancouver Island, with sub-zero lows forecast until at least Friday. 
MONTREAL — A Senegalese man is suing a Quebec-based Catholic congregation for $1.4 million, alleging one of its brothers sexually
MONTREAL — An inquiry that has been examining discrimination experienced by Indigenous Quebecers at the hands of the public service
Because with ISIS on its back heels in the Middle East, this is a natural area for terrorists to hide,
Because we should be getting more from our relationship with Riyadh.  All naturalized U.S. citizens must take an oath
Because this country, long seen as a refuge for free speech in the region, is turning toward repressive tactics. 
Nothing is fair. Sports, politics, casinos — maybe especially casinos. Because the reality is, in lots of cases, the house
Millions of times each day, the city of Austin, Texas, is attacked. It’s not as bad as it sounds. The
Because a lot of the people who will get us to Mars hang their hats in Huntsville.  Huntsville, Alabama,
Nearly 70 years ago, six countries — Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg and the Netherlands — started a grand experiment
In this original series, Extreme Museums, join OZY for a look at some of the world’s weirdest and wildest exhibitions.
Who knew the lead-up to a handshake could be so riveting? The Oslo Diaries, directed by Mor Loushy and Daniel
When American political philosopher Francis Fukuyama proclaimed the “end of history” in 1992, his conclusion that Western liberal democracy would
San Francisco voters have less than four months to consider the qualifications and records of the various candidates seeking to
One of Gina Ortiz Jones’ earliest memories involves quizzing her mother on her test to become a naturalized citizen. Victorina
In Lithuanian, the word darna means harmony and coherence, and for Lithuanian pagans, that’s a religious tenet as well —
Greg Barker’s new film, The Final Year, opens with a scene of U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Samantha Power struggling
This is an OZY Special Briefing, an extension of the Presidential Daily Brief. The Special Briefing tells you what you
If the past couple of years are any indication, the media in the United States, and far beyond, is facing
One of the many offerings at Blaze Pizza, which opened its first Lexington location at 341 South Limestone in 2015.
Martin County Water District Business Manager Joe Hammond retired Tuesday as the troubled district faces financial problems. Herald-Leader file photo
An Inez fire truck was used to do a gender reveal in Martin County, WLEX reported. WLEX
Donathan Hurley will be one of the 20 castaways competing on “Survivor” this season, starting Feb. 28 on CBS. CBS
The restaurant on Rojay Drive at Fayette Mall closed over the weekend, according to a mall spokeswoman. It had been
Lauren Lapkus and Pete Holmes star in the HBO series “Crashing,” which draws on Holmes’ experiences as an aspiring comedian
After being open a year, Corto Lima is adding a Saturday and Sunday brunch, including items such as breakfast burritos,
SHARE COPY LINK Gov. Matt Bevin said Tuesday, Feb. 20, 2018, during a news conference in the Capitol Rotunda that
This photo released by the Kentucky State Police showed the 40 pounds of meth and 80 bricks of cocaine in
When a social media post appeared Saturday in Jessamine County that implied that a teenager was poised to shoot up
Democratic candidate Linda Belcher thanks her supporters following her victory in the special election to fill the vacant seat for
A clapboard sits waiting for use on the set of ‘The Ultimate Legacy’ in production at LaGrange, Ky., Tuesday, July
Lexington police are searching for this man who allegedly set a vehicle on fire. Lexington Police Department
It’s Fat Tuesday. Time for king cake, crawfish boil and Cajun food. Look out for the baby! Herald-Leader
Enoteca closed in October; owner Seth Brewer blamed increased competition but said the Jefferson Street corridor is still hot. It’s
Vanessa Davis and Jenny Drake knew they were going to a concert Feb. 10. But they didn’t know where it
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, right, and his wife Louise Linton, held up a sheet of new $1 bills, the first
Officials in several southeastern Kentucky counties declared emergencies as flooding caused by heavy rain in the region threatened homes in
A school shooting at a Florida high school that killed 17 people and injured 15 on Wednesday is the 17th
An unmistakable landmark in the landscape of Versailles, the steeple of the former Versailles United Methodist Church has been towering
Fayette County schools students boarded a bus in winter weather in February 2007. This year, some Kentucky school districts are
Diana Briggs, whose son, Ryan Briggs suffers from intractable epilepsy, leaves CY+ Medical marijuana Dispensary with a bag containing the
Dr. Joseph âJayâ Morgan just announced $1 million in cost savings after cutting five top administrative posts. John Flavell The
People throughout the state wore blue and orange Friday to support the Marshall County community recovering from a mass shooting.
Rebecca Johnson talks to voters during a meet and greet event at Half-Time’s Bar and Grill in Mt. Washington, Ky.
Ben Self, a co-founder of Lexington's West Sixth Brewery, was elected chair of the Kentucky Democratic Party in November. He
SHARE COPY LINK Lexington Mayor Jim Gray touts his experience as mayor of Lexington as a reason why voters should
SHARE COPY LINK Disabled coal miner Teddy Newsome discusses what would happen if a review costs him his Social Security
A person going to church Sunday spotted the body of a woman in a drainage ditch, according to Kentucky State
Master taster Elizabeth McCall and master distiller Chris Morris will lead you through a day of tasting and learning about
A man charged with murder in the shooting of a teen on a porch was taken to a Lexington mental
Hope Hurst Lanham, 50, was CEO of Hurst Office Suppliers. She died Thursday at the age of 50 after suffering
Former state Rep. W. Keith Hall speaks in the Kentucky House of Representatives. - Herald-Leader file photo
SHARE COPY LINK Rowan County Clerk Kim Davis emerged from the Carter County jail Tuesday afternoon flanked by Republican presidential
Police escorted a suspect out of Marshall County High School after a mass shooting Tuesday. Dominico Caporali AP
SHARE COPY LINK Melisa McNeill, the defense attorney for Marjory Stoneman Douglas suspected shooter Nikolas Cruz, tells the media that
The Rt. Rev. Mark Van Koevering was affirmed as bishop provisional of the Diocese of Lexington Saturday. Photo submitted
A Corbin attorney’s unusual efforts to use his firm’s and donors’ money to put metal detectors in one district has
Western Kentucky University President Timothy Caboni testifies in front of the House Budget Review subcommittee for Postsecondary Education at the
Troy Gentry of the country music duo Montgomery Gentry performed at the Rebels On The Run Tour in Lancaster, Pa.,
With the 2018 General Assembly more than halfway finished, Senate Republicans on Tuesday filed the long-awaited bill that they said
The Garrard County Emergency Management Agency posted images Sunday of storm damage on Gillespie Pike. The first reports of the
SHARE COPY LINK In this Facebook video shared with the Herald-Leader, participants in the Kentucky State Choir Finals sang the
Pioneering black pharmacist Zirl A. Palmer built this drug store in 1961 at the corner of East Fifth and Chestnut
In a change of format, the 2017 Kentucky Governor’s Awards in the Arts were presented Friday at the Governor’s Mansion
A judge recently ruled that UK HealthCare can no longer use the state Department of Revenue as a collections agency.
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump will decide whether the public will be allowed to read a memo written by House
A northeast Arkansas man has been sentenced to 10 years in prison in the methamphetamine-related death of his infant son,
WASHINGTON — A high-stakes Senate debate over immigration got off to a halting start Tuesday, with Republican and Democratic leaders
A Tennessee man is awaiting extradition to Arkansas to face charges related to the days-long disappearance of a 16-year-old girl,
An Arkansas woman has won $250,000 off a $10 scratch-off lottery ticket, officials said Friday.  Ski Fought purchased the
A registered sex offender living in Arkansas was arrested on a murder charge Friday in a nearly 16-year-old case in
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump said Tuesday that he has signed a memo directing the Justice Department to propose regulations
A man accused of illegal dogfighting in southwest Arkansas is set to face trial later this month.  Charges were
SPRINGDALE — Arkansas-based Tyson Foods Inc. says more than 100,000 employees will receive bonuses as a result of company savings
ABU DHABI, United Arab Emirates — Former President George W. Bush said Thursday that "there's pretty clear evidence that the
The Arkansas Court of Appeals on Wednesday overturned one man's drug conviction on the grounds that it was the result
A woman was killed and a police officer was injured after a fire burned a home Sunday night in Northwest
Little Rock’s NBC affiliate is set to debut a late-afternoon broadcast Monday, the station said.  The KARK News at
Doctors say an Arkansas man accused of shooting a sheriff's deputy in 2016 suffers from schizophrenia and could not control
Self portrait  Doris Washington  • DATE AND PLACE OF BIRTH: Oct. 15, 1966, Harrisburg  • FAMILY: Daughters
FRIDAY UPDATE:  A pedestrian has died after being struck by a vehicle in Fort Smith, authorities confirmed Friday. 
Three Arkansas law enforcement officers have been cleared of any wrongdoing in the January shooting of a 40-year-old man, the
A northeast Arkansas man is charged with two counts of rape after a therapist alerted authorities of statements made by
A 40-year-old man who was fatally shot Thursday night appears to have been killed during a home invasion, Arkansas State
NEW YORK — This nasty flu season, which has been worsening for months, may finally be leveling off.  Health
At least seven school districts across the state have reported threats from students over the past three days, including at
An Arkansan arrested in the shooting of a teen told police the gunfire was accidental, the Hot Springs Sentinel-Record reported.
An Arkansas man was arrested after a Fayetteville gym manager accused him of recording members urinating in the facility's bathroom,
A 28-year-old Arkansas man is accused of punching a woman who his four months pregnant with his child, authorities said.
Central Arkansas can be as much as two years behind any national trend in fashion or food, which sort of
TRUMANN, Ark. — An Arkansas judge has found probable cause to hold a Tennessee man on $1 million bail pending
Authorities in Northwest Arkansas are investigating a man's death as a homicide after his body was found Thursday afternoon inside
Arkansas linebacker signee Andrew Parker told why he turned down Texas, Texas A&M and others on Recruiting Thursday.  Parker,
An Arkansas man accused of killing a Springdale man pleaded not guilty to a first-degree murder charge Monday, the Northwest
Two people are in custody after a missing Arkansas teen was found in a cabin in Washington state on Thursday,
WASHINGTON — The Trump administration is losing its top career diplomat in a heavy blow to the State Department amid
A 56-year-old Arkansas prisoner who was sentenced to life at 15 is not entitled to a new sentence because the
8:15 A.M. FRIDAY UPDATE:  An annual “Babe Bracket” that ranks female journalists in Little Rock will return to 103.7
A meteorologist of two years at Little Rock’s CBS affiliate has been named a permanent replacement for former THV 11
Police arrested an Arkansas man Monday after he was accused of hitting his wife and trying to remove her wedding
Two of three people charged in the reported abuse of animals at a home they lived at in southwest Arkansas
A 17-year-old student was arrested Monday after the North Little Rock School District received its second threat via social media
Gov. Asa Hutchinson on Monday said he accepted legislative leaders’ call for a special legislative session later this year to
WASHINGTON — The nation should keep assault rifles out of the hands of anyone under 21, President Donald Trump declared
By MARK SHERMAN The Associated Press  This article was originally published February 27, 2018 at 2:46 a.m. Updated February
A teenager died after the vehicle he was traveling in was struck by a pickup and hit a crane in
WASHINGTON — The Trump administration on Friday said it will continue much of the Obama administration's nuclear weapons policy but
 Gary Stroud of Batesville has been a hunter most of his life. And he was recently rewarded for his
Arts & Science Center for Southeast Arkansas curator Lenore Shoults shows off an untitled swing dance painting by Harlem Renaissance
A rapper who was arrested after his Arkansas concert in May has pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct, the Northwest Arkansas
A new cooking class at an Arkansas prison aims to help inmates better provide for their families upon release. 
A central Arkansas man was arrested at a lingerie shop after stabbing someone with a knife during a fight Thursday
NEW YORK — It looks like Groundhog Day for the nation's flu report, too: It's gotten worse, and there are
6:45 p.m. UPDATE  The Pulaski County Special School District has closed all schools and offices Thursday due to flooding
Arkansas' next round of rain will spread from the state's southwest to the northeast starting Tuesday, the National Weather Service
WASHINGTON — House Speaker Paul Ryan on Tuesday showed little interest in stricter gun control proposals being floated in Congress,
A judge has thrown out the city of Little Rock’s lawsuit against two men who are considering running for mayor
Authorities in northern Arkansas are investigating a shooting threat made against a high school.  The Fulton County sheriff's office
An Arkansas couple remained jailed Wednesday, a week after their infant daughter was hospitalized with multiple fractures.  Charles Uribe,
Appeals  Washington County faces three different appeals over planning permits. Besides the administrative appeal over a proposed kennel filed
A 25-year-old Arkansas man has been arrested in the death of his girlfriend's 18-month-old daughter, authorities said.  Tyree Williams
The first Arkansas Country Music Awards are set for this summer on the campus of the University of Arkansas at
An 83-year-old Arkansas man was killed Thursday night when the car he was driving veered off a wet road and
By MIKE CORDER The Associated Press  This article was published February 9, 2018 at 3:12 a.m.  FILE -
Little Rock’s police chief is among five candidates named as finalists to lead the Charleston, S.C., Police Department, according to
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — A Kansas couple is celebrating after become parents to a rare set of identical triplets. 
Authorities in Arkansas have arrested two people, including the victim's mother, after a 17-year-old was shot in the face Wednesday.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Authorities say DNA testing has linked a convicted sex offender to a 2016 sexual assault in
The White House says President Donald Trump has ordered the Pentagon to stage a military parade.  This story is
When Kim Tyler worked in education in Alaska, school board members honored her with a nickname that meant “fire.” 
The businesses fell like dominoes.  The $16.7 million Donaghey Hall at the University of Central Arkansas in Conway has
WASHINGTON — The House intelligence committee voted unanimously Monday night to release a Democratic rebuttal to the GOP's memo on
Country star Keith Urban will play two shows in Arkansas as part of a tour in support of his new
A former Arkansas sheriff's deputy was sentenced Thursday to more than 12 years in prison on a charge of knowingly
Organizers behind the rebirth of Little Rock’s decades-running music festival say ticket prices for 2018 are "significantly" lower than last
A northeast Arkansas man has been charged with first-degree murder in the death of a 39-year-old woman, according to authorities.
A former Arkansas police chief currently serving a 30-year prison sentence for murder has been linked to the 1997 rape
A Pine Bluff man is accused of nearly running over one woman before trying to take a vehicle from another
A 70-year-old Arkansan was killed after his vehicle crossed into oncoming traffic on a highway and was hit by an
A northeast Arkansas restaurant owner has been charged with rape and two counts of human trafficking, authorities said said Wednesday.
Restaurateur Jerry Barakat says he is finalizing a lease agreement to move his contiguous Little Rock restaurants, Arthur’s Prime Steakhouse
A state lawmaker, in a social media post, says a billboard advertising dance studies instead of other degrees at the
An Arkansan accused of raping one girl and breaking a 10-month-old's leg pleaded not guilty Monday, the Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette
Lobbyist Milton R. "Rusty" Cranford of Rogers was arrested Wednesday morning, spokesman Don Ledford of the U.S. Attorney's office for
After hitting and injuring a pedestrian with her vehicle, a central Arkansas woman has been arrested on a driving while
A man reported missing in Arkansas was found dead Tuesday morning, authorities said.  Darrell Foshee, 65, was seen walking
A 20-year-old Arkansas man has been sentenced to 30 years in prison in the shooting death of a man in
An investigation in Arkansas led to the arrest of an Oklahoma man and the seizure of nearly 3 pounds of
Pulaski Academy junior tight end Hudson Henry was a guest on tonight's Recruiting Thursday to recap his Midwest tour of
WASHINGTON — Contradicting the White House, the FBI said Tuesday it gave the Trump administration information on multiple occasions last
By Francisca Jones  This article was published February 24, 2018 at 4:30 a.m.  Scott McLean (center) shakes hands
Authorities are still looking for a man who has exposed himself to at least four people at an Arkansas shopping
Authorities in Arkansas are still looking for a teen reported missing nearly a month ago while investigating his brother's slaying,
A driver was arrested after a rollover crash early Monday that left an Arkansas man dead, authorities said.  The
Two more school threats have been reported in Arkansas, including one in which a 14-year-old Little Rock student said he
A Texas man was sentenced Thursday to 15 months in prison for his involvement in a scheme that stole money
CONWAY - A judge in Wednesday rejected a motion by the city of Damascus to declare the state's speed-trap law
Police are investigating a shooting outside an Arkansas hotel Thursday evening that left a man dead.  Fort Smith officers
Police on Friday identified the two victims of an apparent murder-suicide in a small mobile-home park in central Arkansas. 
A 62-year-old man shot during a robbery last month at a Little Rock residence died three weeks later, records show.
A Little Rock charter school teacher is accused of drug trafficking after 4 pounds of cocaine was found in her
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump's longtime aide Hope Hicks is declining to answer questions about her time in the White
A Northwest Arkansas man faces a second-degree sexual assault charge after being accused of grabbing a teenage co-worker inappropriately, according
7:11 P.M. UPDATE:  The National Weather Service's office in North Little Rock has allowed a flash flood warning in
A lawsuit filed Wednesday claims the state's new voter-identification law is just as flawed as the one the Arkansas Supreme
Two robbers are accused of holding a pair of victims against their will Wednesday at a home in central Arkansas,
Music and dance. They go together like peas and carrots. Chocolate and peanut butter. But this weekend, at Ballet Arkansas'
An Arkansas man pulled over in North Little Rock was arrested Thursday afternoon after he tried to impersonate an officer,
SEARCY — A public school in north-central Arkansas has removed Bible verses from the walls after an anonymous complaint was
The funk comes to the Arkansas Sounds Concert Series on Friday during the Tribute to True Soul Records, the Little
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. — A week after a shooter slaughtered 17 people in a Florida high school, thousands of protesters, including
A 35-year-old Monticello woman died Tuesday when the vehicle she was driving crashed into an Arkansas Department of Transportation dump
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson says Rev. Billy Graham was a "giant among leaders" who should be remembered for his "passion
An Arkansas man was killed and two other people were injured after the same pickup was involved in two head-on
A member of 'N Sync who's the celebrity grand marshal at an Arkansas parade says he's "ready to party" at
WASHINGTON — Former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon, whose involvement in the Trump White House and the president's election
Authorities have arrested two Arkansans on kidnapping charges after a woman's report that she was held captive for three days.
Criminal Responsibility Evaluations  An examination of a defendant’s mental state and capacities at the time of the alleged offense.
February: Black History Month  A weeklong celebration of black history and the achievements of black Americans was expanded to
A mother and daughter in Arkansas face felony charges after a 68-year-old woman was beaten and robbed in her home
WASHINGTON — Special counsel Robert Mueller filed additional criminal charges Thursday against President Donald Trump's former campaign chairman and his
PROVIDENCE, R.I. — A grand jury indictment unsealed Monday accuses a Republican state senator of extorting sex from a page
A robber is sought in connection with a holdup Sunday morning at a Pine Bluff convenience store, police said. 
An Arkansas man who pleaded guilty to his fourth DWI offense since 2013 was sentenced Tuesday to two years in
A city in Northwest Arkansas is a finalist on Small Business Revolution: Main Street, a Hulu series that spotlights revitalization
JERUSALEM — Israeli police on Tuesday recommended that Benjamin Netanyahu be indicted on bribery and breach of trust charges in
An Arkansas jail worker has been suspended from his duties after his wife was arrested, authorities said.  The Sebastian
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump broke his silence Wednesday after defending a former aide who was accused of domestic abuse
WASHINGTON — Senate moderates reached a bipartisan agreement Wednesday aimed at balancing Democrats' fight to offer citizenship to young "Dreamer"
A Louisiana man will be extradited to Arkansas on a manslaughter warrant in connection with a crash that killed an
A police officer was killed after losing control of his pickup late Saturday on a wet highway in east Arkansas,
A former Arkansas firefighter who has sued his city and former bosses says he was forced to quit after being
With The 15:17 to Paris, director Clint Eastwood overwhelms the extraordinary with the mundane, turning the true story of three
Two students in Arkansas, including one who had a "death list," have been arrested after making threats online to cause
TALLAHASSEE, Fla — The armed officer on duty at the Florida school where a shooter killed 17 people never went
The founder of an organization that works to help adults obtain their GEDs will speak in Little Rock next week.
A second Ten Commandments monument is set to be installed in April on the grounds of the state Capitol after
GUY — Newlyweds Jack and Elsie Grimes of Guy met on a blind date and got married just four months
Nick Heaps was helping his mother, Nicole Vogler, get ready for a volunteer banquet at the Maumelle Center on the
MAUMELLE — Maumelle High School business teacher Michelle Camp has been an educator for just 14 years, but her list
In a nod to Friday's National Pizza Day, the Arkansas Department of Transportation paid tribute on social media to the
Gov. Asa Hutchinson appeared on a Little Rock morning radio show Friday, during which he commented on the station's annual
A former Arkansas resident has been sentenced to a decade in prison after pleading guilty to a manslaughter charge in
A 62-year-old woman was shot by authorities Wednesday night after she barricaded herself in a house and opened fire toward
The University of Arkansas Clinton School of Public Service is offering people a chance to learn more about a home
Police are investigating after a video of a one-sided fight between two Arkansas high school students drew attention and anger
Music and dance. They go together like peas and carrots. Chocolate and peanut butter. But this weekend, at Ballet Arkansas’
A live music event is planned for this month to celebrate the history of Little Rock’s True Soul Records. 
LITTLE ROCK — The Arkansas Supreme Court says the mother of a television news anchor killed in a 2008 attack
COPENHAGEN, Denmark — A Danish volunteer in a secondhand charity shop has found $8,284 in the pocket of a coat
Jonathan Goodwin has learned that he can't escape from being buried alive when there is too much dirt piled on
This is "Totcho" average bowling alley.  In addition to bowling, a bar and karaoke, retro Dust Bowl Lanes &
Foundation construction appears to have gotten underway in the lot at 100 Markham Park Drive, Little Rock, which had been
An Arkansas county's sheriff's office arrested a man after 55 pounds of marijuana was found in his vehicle, the Northwest
A collision between a car and a school bus in southeast Arkansas injured one person Friday afternoon, authorities said. 
Dr. Deepali Tukaye gets to the heart of the matter.  Conway Regional Medical Center’s newest interventional cardiologist said people
ARKADELPHIA — Surprised. Excited. Honored.  Michelle Anthony, manager of Dexter B. Florence Memorial Field in Arkadelphia, said she felt
There is nothing like a good book. Whether it’s a fanciful story, a mystery novel, an enlightening piece of nonfiction
Crappie can be caught year-round in Arkansas. My favorite fishing season, however, is the prespawn period in late February and
NEWPORT — Artists from the River Valley & Ozark Edition coverage area are getting ready for the 10th annual Delta
Two deputies were injured in a vehicle crash in Saline County that also resulted in another person being flown to
Two people were found fatally shot in a north Arkansas home Monday, authorities said.  Sharp County deputies went to
ANKARA, Turkey — Turkey resumed airstrikes in Syria's Kurdish enclave of Afrin after a brief lull, killing and wounding several
A 23-year-old Arkansas woman accused of fraudulent use of a credit card and theft by receiving was caught after police
Another man considering a run for Little Rock mayor has replied to the city’s lawsuit about campaign fundraising by asking
PARKLAND, Fla. — Students who survived the Florida school shooting began a journey Tuesday to the state Capitol to urge
An Arkansas man is accused of blocking the path of a church bus carrying children while waving a hatchet and
President Donald Trump is calling on Senate Republicans to bring his immigration framework to a vote.  Trump plans to
Several bottles of alcohol were stolen from a downtown Little Rock bar early Thursday, authorities said.  Officers responded to
A 38-year-old Arkansas woman reported missing a month ago was found dead Thursday afternoon, authorities said.  According to the
Each day, the Democrat-Gazette's In the News appears in the left-hand column on the front page. This...
By Frank E. Lockwood  This article was published February 19, 2018 at 4:30 a.m.  Arkansas Secretary of State
MOSCOW — An unknown number of private Russian military contractors were killed by a U.S. strike in Syria, Russian media
One Arkansas convenience store employee was robbed at gunpoint twice within 10 days, police said Tuesday.  Fort Smith police
LITTLE ROCK — A Republican who had been running for Arkansas state land commissioner is dropping his bid for the
ALBANY, N.Y. — The case of two New York City police officers accused of raping an 18-year-old woman in their
LITTLE ROCK — Arkansas' governor says he and his wife accepted about $65,000 in airfare and travel expenses last year,
Approximately 25 students in Lanette Chastain’s second-grade class at Westbrook Elementary School sat quietly on the floor of the music
BATON ROUGE, La. — A 71-year-old Louisiana inmate whose case led to a landmark U.S. Supreme Court decision on juvenile-offender
SAN ANTONIO — A masked shooter opened fire on a family waiting to be seated at a San Antonio restaurant,
Attorney General Leslie Rutledge on Tuesday rejected the wording of a ballot title for a proposed constitutional amendment that would
A rapist sentenced to a life term nearly 35 years ago was found dead in his cell at an Arkansas
WASHINGTON — A bipartisan immigration proposal has surfaced in the Senate, only to be quickly knocked down by President Donald
A Monday morning blaze at a Little Rock apartment complex has damaged 16 units and left as many as 19
LOUISIANA PURCHASE HISTORIC STATE PARK -- A special exhibit now at the Clinton Presidential Center in Little Rock can provide
Bobby Bones, a radio host from Arkansas, is set to appear as a mentor to contestants on ABC’s revival of
 Lt. David Edwards of the Cave City Police Department said the 2012 mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School
Little Rock’s long-running music festival is making a comeback under new leadership nearly a year after its former organizers announced
By Tom Sissom  This article was published February 5, 2018 at 2:09 a.m.  Workers make progress Wednesday Aug.
A 36-year-old Arkansas woman is accused of sexual assault and indecency with a child, the Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette reported. 
State officials and two Arkansas congressmen gathered at Harding University on Friday to recognize a corridor of U.S. 67 as
A downtown Little Rock boutique hotel project currently under development will be branded as an AC Hotel by Marriott, according
WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court ruled Tuesday that immigrants the government has detained and is considering deporting aren't entitled by
A Texas judge on Monday rejected a plea deal for a former Arkansas teacher accused of secretly filming boys in
Authorities in Arkansas have made two arrests after a female victim was reported kidnapped at gunpoint Monday night.  About
The West Memphis Police Department has dropped murder charges against a teenager authorities had hours earlier identified as a suspect
U.S. Housing and Urban Development Secretary Dr. Ben Carson is shown speaking with Ben Goodwin, executive director of Our House
Jose Ortiz rides Good Magic to victory in the Sentient Jet Juvenile in November, during the Breeders’ Cup in Del
The Arkansas Supreme Court on Monday put a halt to a judge's ruling that allowed 37 farmers in northeast Arkansas
Jan Morgan talks to a reporter Monday at a deli near the state Capitol about her position on issues such
This 4,405-square-foot, two-story house in League City, Texas, belongs to the ministry of Randy Caldwell, an Arkansas congressional candidate. -
Journalists mourn for colleagues killed Monday in one of the bombings in Kabul, Afghanistan.  KABUL, Afghanistan -- Two Islamic
A hearing officer for the Arkansas Department of Education has ordered the Vilonia School District to return a 15-year-old special
I'd expected a verbal shootout between the former federal lawman and a pretty female gunslinger. Many in the overflow crowd
BULL SHOALS -- One exhibit at Bull Shoals-White River State Park's James A. Gaston Visitor Center would stir a bit
Starting Wednesday, the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences will offer a free online course for health care providers on
"Together with its harbinger, Millennium Approaches, Perestroika is the most important American play of the past 50 years. That said
In this Feb. 16, 2009 file photo, former state Sen. Hank Wilkins, D-Pine Bluff, speaks in Little Rock. (AP Photo/Mike
The flow of federal money to Arkansas Baptist College has been "delayed," the college's interim president confirmed Monday, days after
BEIJING -- China says it will refuse to discuss President Donald Trump's two toughest trade demands when U.S. officials arrive
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump says it's "disgraceful" that a list of proposed questions from special counsel Robert Mueller was
NASHVILLE, Tenn. — The maker of the Gibson guitar, omnipresent for decades on the American music stage, is filing for
FAYETTEVILLE — The five-man, seven-woman jury in the corruption trial of former state Sen. Jon Woods is set to start
An Arkansas jail inmate died at a hospital Monday morning after experiencing medical issues, the Texarkana Gazette reported.  Miller
“Comedy Get Down” tour starring (from left) Eddie Griffin, George Lopez, Cedric The Entertainer and D.L. Hughley.  A comedy
FAYETTEVILLE -- Six Washington County employees hired by County Judge Joseph Wood can keep their salaries, but the issue of
Bobby Fussell, a retired U.S. bankruptcy judge who never really recovered from a stroke he suffered 15 years ago, days
The Arkansas Highway Police says 340 pounds of marijuana was found during an inspection of a tractor-trailer Monday, April 30,
Dr. Ben Carson, (right) secretary of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, tours Our House in Little Rock
Henry "Hank" Wilkins IV's guilty plea to bribery and conspiracy charges Monday outlines how the former Pine Bluff state legislator
WASHINGTON -- Special counsel Robert Mueller's team raised the prospect of issuing a grand jury subpoena to compel President Donald
In this photo released by the Syrian official news agency SANA, a Syrian government soldier, left, talks with a woman
The possibility of increasing the state's sales tax on groceries has drawn opposition from Democratic gubernatorial candidate Jared Henderson, who
An Arkansas man is accused of stabbing his 2-year-old daughter and the child's mother during a dispute Sunday evening. 
Surveillance footage shows the suspect in a robbery Wednesday, May 2, 2018, at Bancorp South in Fort Smith, police said.
In this file photo taken in May 2014, an election worker walks past a voter ID sign at a Little
Responders from the Jonesboro Police Department, Jonesboro Fire Department and the Craighead County coroner's office investigate a completely burned pickup
The Arkansas Repertory Theatre at 601 Main St. in Little Rock has seen declines in ticket sales, contributions and grants,
LEACHVILLE — Federal labor officials say an Arkansas company has paid nearly $709,000 to settle overtime and minimum wage claims
WASHINGTON — The two top officials in charge of security and toxic-waste cleanups at the Environmental Protection Agency have abruptly
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. -- A white Arkansas man charged in the beating of a black man during a white-nationalist rally in
George Qandah, who with wife Sharon last year closed Smokey Joe's Bar-B-Que on Military Road in Benton almost exactly a
Arkansas State Police have made two arrests in connection with illegal drugs and other contraband being taken into prisons, the
GEl Dorado-based Murphy Oil USA Inc. has sold the Taco Bueno, 113 W. Pershing Blvd., North Little Rock, to Hemaxon
NASHVILLE, Tenn. — One 22-year-old man ended a fight with another by fatally shooting him inside a Tennessee mall Thursday,
Former state Sen. Jon Woods walks out of the John Paul Hammerschmidt Federal Building in Fayetteville on Tuesday. - Photo
This image provided by Williams & Connolly LLP shows attorney Emmet Flood in Washington on Dec. 8, 2015. President Donald
Arkansas Natural Heritage Commission members and guests climb down Wednesday after a dedication ceremony for the Rattlesnake Ridge Natural Area.
A canvasser for Tippi McCullough came by the house the other day. I knew this canvasser a bit because of
Along the wild waterways of Arkansas, turtles were once so abundant you never knew what kind you'd see around the
A scion of the family that ran the now-closed Rocky’s Pub near the juncture of North Little Rock and Sherwood
A Hot Springs man was sentenced to the maximum of 20 years in prison Wednesday after pleading guilty in Garland
A former Arkansas legislator was convicted Thursday in a bribery scheme in which state funds were directed to nonprofits for
A group of attorneys wanting to expand their power to sue the state have done just that in hopes of
This child and numerous others are part of the caravan of Central Americans in a camp near the U.S. border
In this April 26, 2018 photo, Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt removes his glasses as he testifies at a
Workers sort shoes at the Huajian Group factory near Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. The Chinese company is touted in a China-backed
FILE - In this Nov. 20, 2016, file photo, then-President-elect Donald Trump, right, and former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani
A Northwest Arkansas city's police chief was placed on paid administrative leave Wednesday, the Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette reported.  Brian
A 23-year-old Arkansas man was arrested after he hit his fiancee, causing her to lose her pregnancy, authorities said. 
BEIJING — Chinese and U.S. officials met face-to-face Thursday in an attempt to resolve a dispute over technology.  A
An Arkansas judge declared a mistrial Thursday morning in the capital murder trial of a man accused in a woman's
An Arkansas woman was taken into custody Wednesday after her indictment in the death of a Texas man she's accused
An Arkansan was sentenced to 36 years in prison after admitting he stabbed his girlfriend and then stalked and threatened
A central Arkansas bus driver is accused of walking off the job Tuesday.  The Cabot School District substitute bus
The head of an Arkansas nonprofit is accused of stealing more than $25,000 from the charity, police said.  Daphne
In this image taken from video footage by China's CCTV via AP Video,Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi, right, meets North
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is pressing ahead with a goal of legalizing recreational marijuana in Canada within months, as senators
NASHVILLE, Tenn. — Nashville police say they found nearly 17 pounds of heroin in a fire extinguisher in the back
A northeast Arkansas man arrested on an arson charge Monday had to be pulled from a burning trailer he is
President Donald Trump speaks during a National Day of Prayer event in the Rose Garden of the White House in
DES MOINES, Iowa — Iowa Gov. Kim Reynolds signed a six-week abortion ban into law Friday, marking the strictest abortion
The Arkansas Repertory Theatre at 601 Main St. in Little Rock has seen declines in ticket sales, contributions and grants,
ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT  PHOTOS: David Arquette, Geena Davis, 'Napoleon Dynamite' star among actors at Arkansas film festival May 4, 2018
A city council member in Arkansas faces a gambling charge after a raid on his barbecue restaurant, authorities said. 
LITTLE ROCK — The Arkansas Democrat-Gazette in Little Rock and The Sentinel-Record in Hot Springs have won general excellence awards
A 52-year-old man died after the sport utility vehicle he was driving in south Arkansas left a road and overturned,
A 19-year-old accused of wounding a North Little Rock man during an October drive-by shooting was involved in a nexus
A federal appeals court has indicated a "serious level of interest" in a request that it intervene in a case
"The sanctions lifting will only occur as Iran takes the steps agreed, including addressing possible military dimensions."  That was
President Donald Trump confers with White House Chief of Staff John Kelly in the Oval Office on Thursday before the
The University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences' Little Rock campus is shown in this file photo. - Photo by Benjamin
WASHINGTON -- A third top EPA official is leaving the agency as scrutiny intensifies of Administrator Scott Pruitt's travel, spending
Employees work at the Flipkart Online Services headquarters in Bengaluru, India, in this file photo. Flipkart is the the No.
Legacy BancShares to buy Gravette bank  Legacy BancShares, which owns Legacy National Bank of Springdale, has agreed to buy
Mary Kay Place stars as the 70-something title character in Diane , which was the big winner at this year’s
House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) dismissed the Rev. Patrick Conroy last month as chaplain of the chamber, a decision that
SPECIAL EVENTS  Saint Mark’s Episcopal Church, 1000 N. Mississippi St., will have a carwash fundraiser for young members’ pilgrimage
Rabbi Avrohom Friedlander, chief chaplain at Maimonides Medical Center, checks a seal on a nitrogen tank containing frozen eggs and
The couples gathered for this Mass with Pope Francis knew a thing or two about marriage, as they were celebrating
Claretha Nelson’s home, the 4,700 square-feet Tudor Revival style Maxwell F. Mayer House at 2016 S. Battery St., cost four
Palestinian protesters throw back tear-gas canisters at Israeli soldiers after they burned tires Friday near the fence at the Gaza
Arkansas Supreme Court Justice Courtney Goodson responded Friday to a series of negative advertisements about her that hit the airwaves
ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT  GALLERY: More than 100 photos from Toad Suck Daze in Conway May 6, 2018 at 4:30 a.m.
Arkansas Baptist College in Little Rock missed its April payroll, something interim President Howard Gibson attributed to "delayed" payment of
The White House on Saturday released a blistering statement criticizing China's government for a recent demand that U.S. and other
Des Arc native Mabel Thomsen, 101, who joined the Navy in 1944, still has her uniform and medals.  Youth
Rudy Giuliani, an attorney for President Donald Trump, speaks at the Iran Freedom Convention for Human Rights and democracy at
In this March 20, 2018, file photo, Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson takes his seat before testifying before
Both of the candidates seeking to unseat Justice Courtney Goodson for a spot on the Arkansas Supreme Court say they'll
Linda McGoogan started working at the Minute Man in El Dorado in 1970s and has owned it since 1984. It’s
The international business model for Walmart Inc. has been straightforward for much of the past 20 years, according to analysts
The world’s shift away from coal is limiting the supply, and financing for new supplies is drying up, creating a
Vegamelt II LLC, a limited liability company, paid $1.5 million for the T-Mobile building at 1807 T.P. White Drive in
Miguel Pastenes of Dallas competes in a rescue event during Saturday’s tree climbing championship in Bentonville. Contestants were required to
Kim Rupard stands in her kindergarten classroom at McRae Elementary School in Searcy. Rupard, who is in her 28th year
The plans for Little Rock's new city ID program are coming together now that a banking partner has signed on
NWA Democrat-Gazette/FLIP PUTTHOFF Students and teachers look Tuesday at the construction site of a new Rogers elementary school guided by
Police have made an arrest in a Friday night shooting that left an 18-year-old critically hurt in Pine Bluff. 
A reporter at Little Rock’s NBC and Fox affiliates is departing Arkansas’ capital city for a job in Minneapolis. 
In this May 4, 2018 photo, President Donald Trump signals to the press that he will come over to talk,
The family of an Arkansan killed in a wreck Tuesday on Arkansas 70 has stepped forward to tell the story
Ex-Trump counsel will visit LR today  A former associate White House counsel for President Donald Trump will speak in
Two people accused of killing a pregnant Oklahoma woman were arrested during a traffic stop in Arkansas on Saturday, authorities
James Patrick Huff, 47, of Little Rock; left; and homemade bombs seized by Pulaski County sheriff's office  Authorities said
Crime scene investigators search for evidence at the Arkansas River Apartments, 6900 Cantrell Road in Little Rock, on Monday, June
This combination of two file photos shows U.S. President Donald Trump, left, speaking during a roundtable discussion on tax cuts
Most Americans have never heard of Peppa Pig, the cartoon star of a British television show for preschoolers, which Chinese
The Republican primary race for state House District 14 in central Arkansas will pit an incumbent who believes in limited
Authorities on Friday identified a man who was found dead in a burned pickup in northeast Arkansas earlier this week.
BENTONVILLE -- Six candidates are running for three seats on the Benton County Quorum Court in the May 22 Republican
Turrell Mayor Dorothy Cooper is citing the widespread needs in Senate District 24 in her bid to oust state Senate
Edward Poletti, chief of learning resources at the Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare System  The Library of Congress' Federal Library
KABUL, Afghanistan -- A bomb blast inside a mosque in eastern Afghanistan that was being used as a voter registration
Some folks look the part. Then there are others who look the part, act the part, speak the part, know
Two people sought in the killing of a pregnant Oklahoma woman were arrested Saturday during a traffic stop in Cleburne
BENTONVILLE -- The School District is eyeing Centerton as the location of its next junior high school.  Administrators told
Little Rock Mayor Mark Stodola is shown in this file photo.  Little Rock Mayor Mark Stodola will announce today
More than 27 firearms were found in a house in Cleburne County known as a "one stop shop," the sheriff's
The Conway Police Department investigates a homicide Tuesday, May 8, 2018, at Days Inn, 1002 E. Oak St.  FRIDAY
BENTONVILLE — The former mayor of a northwest Arkansas town pleaded not guilty Monday to sexually assaulting a teenage girl.
A teenager was beaten on a school bus by two other girls in North Little Rock on Thursday afternoon, authorities
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo (right) and U.K. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson arrive at the State Department on Monday in
Brenda Young (left), with the Pulaski Circuit/County Clerk Voter Registration Department, checks the identification of early voter Raphael Vanblaricom on
Fourteen homemade bombs were recovered by the Pulaski County sheriff’s office after the arrest of James Patrick Huff in the
Benchmark prices for U.S. crude oil cracked $70 a barrel Monday for the first time since 2014, foreshadowing costlier gasoline
ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT  Getting it straight May 8, 2018 at 2:47 a.m.
Laurie Daniels, a volunteer at the Lib Horn Animal Shelter, cuddles a newly arrived kitten Monday at the shelter in
North Little Rock School Board members decided they need more time to hire a new superintendent and will select an
CHARLESTON, W.Va. — West Virginia Republicans were deciding Tuesday between a brash GOP outsider who embraced Donald Trump's political playbook
The Arkansas National Guard will send about 10 soldiers and two helicopters to the nation's southwest border within days in
Little Rock Mayor Mark Stodola on Tuesday morning made public his announcement to not seek a fourth term.  The
A Palm Beach County, Fla., transit executive has accepted an offer to become the next executive director of Rock Region
Authorities in central Arkansas say a search of a U-Haul yielded a "large amount" of stolen mail.  According to
WASHINGTON -- The leader of the House Intelligence Committee is threatening to move quickly on a vote to hold Attorney
Walter Higgins, Chief Executive Office, Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, center, speaks at the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural
Little Rock Mayor Mark Stodola (right) talks with his predecessor, Jim Dailey, before speaking at a news conference Tuesday at
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un (left) meets with Chinese President Xi Jinping in the northern Chinese port city of
A shell company that Michael Cohen used to pay hush money to a pornographic film actress received payments totaling more
WASHINGTON — Already under investigation for a payment to a porn star, President Donald Trump's longtime personal attorney is facing
The West Memphis Police Department on Wednesday named a new suspect in the killing of an off-duty Arkansas officer in
WASHINGTON — Republicans with moderate views on immigration defied party leaders and took steps Wednesday toward forcing campaign-season House votes
Authorities seize 200 pounds of marijuana after stopping a tractor-trailer Sunday, May, 6, 2018, at the Alma weigh station. 
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump's CIA nominee said Wednesday at her confirmation hearing that she doesn't believe torture works as
Arkansas midwives and their clients are complaining about a new protocol used by the state Department of Health for determining
Court records show a 22-year-old man, previously diagnosed with a mental illness, faces federal charges after authorities said he bought
When reading the stories, the many stories, generated by Bruce Westerman's primary opponent, we had to keep looking at the
ARKADELPHIA -- Faced with a $3.2 million deficit amid declining enrollment, Henderson State University has begun making staff and other
The second time proved the charm when it came to getting Johnny Cash's boyhood home in Dyess on the National
A week ago, I asked a question in this column: Do talented young people across the state still want to
Nine police officers were injured when a North Haven building exploded last Wednesday. Their bravery, and that of all first
Toyin Umesiri's career path changed three years ago when she returned to her home country of Nigeria for the first
Mick Mulvaney, interim director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, will move the agency's student loan investigation division into the
BAGHDAD — Iraqi forces in coordination with U.S.-backed Syrian forces have captured five senior Islamic State group leaders, the U.S.-led
Authorities say they have made two arrests in the April killing of an off-duty Arkansas police officer.  West Memphis
A Hot Springs man was sentenced to 60 years in prison Tuesday evening after being convicted of 20 felony counts
A Tuesday drug bust resulted in the arrest of an Arkansas man and netted nearly 50 pounds of marijuana, authorities
The New York Times sent a reporter to central Arkansas earlier this week to look at the 2nd District Democratic
Terry Moseley of Benton looks over the list of candidates scheduled to speak Wednesday at the Farm Bureau Measure the
Syrians gather Wednesday near a burned-out bus after shelling in Damascus, part of a mortar attack that killed several people.
This screenshot from a North Little Rock Police Department video shows officers struggling with a teen gunman before he was
A North Little Rock auto shop owner was robbed of $16,000 by three men who threatened and followed him, he
A couple with Arkansas roots died in a murder-suicide in west Georgia hours before they were scheduled to appear in
Now that President Donald Trump has officially withdrawn the U.S. from the Iran Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, the world
The Sebastian County sheriff's office Wednesday identified the man killed early Tuesday during a standoff with deputies.  Peter Boden,
Authorities said Tuesday that they are investigating a homicide at a Conway hotel.  The killing happened at the Days
A committee of the state Board of Health on Thursday recommended upholding disciplinary action against a licensed lay midwife whose
PHILADELPHIA — A nurse was charged Thursday in the death of the father of President Donald Trump's former national security
Secretary of state is a little different at the state level. Okay, a lot different. No matter who wins in
NEW YORK — The chief lobbyist for AT&T is leaving the company after overseeing a $50,000 per-month contract for President
TEHRAN, Iran — A prominent Iranian cleric Friday threatened two Israeli cities with destruction if the Jewish state "acts foolishly"
A state board on Tuesday approved paying an advertising firm up to $80,000 to prepare for a campaign aimed at
RUSSELLVILLE -- About 1,350 students will receive their degrees at Arkansas Tech University during two days of ceremonies, beginning today.
Wade Rathke marches alongside health care workers in this still from Nick Taylor’s documentary The Organizer. Rathke will be present
An Arkansas cafeteria worker accused of stealing thousands of dollars from the school district surrendered to police Thursday, authorities said.
Emergency vehicles block a street in downtown Talihina, Okla., Friday, May 11, 2018, after a large fire began when search
Arkansas Baptist College in Little Rock missed its April payroll, something interim President Howard Gibson attributed to "delayed" payment of
Arkansas State University will award an honorary doctorate degree to a man who donated the largest individual gift to an
Firefighters work earlier this month to extinguish a blaze at the auto-parts plant Meridian Magnesium Products of America in Eaton
LR police identify man shot in thigh  Police in Little Rock have identified the 18-year-old who was injured in
The "wall of protection" conservative media has erected around President Trump may be crumbling.  Fox News Channel, whose opinion
ROGERS — Police in Oklahoma have arrested the live-in boyfriend of a northwest Arkansas woman who was found dead last
This photo provided early Thursday, May 10, 2018, by the government-controlled Syrian Central Military Media, shows missiles rise into the
ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT  APPOINTMENTS: Governor names 57 to state boards, commissions, judicial seats May 11, 2018 at 10:23 a.m.
An Arkansas woman was cited on an endangerment charge after a 2-year-old girl was found walking alone, unclothed, in the
WEWOKA, Okla. -- A man who was shot and killed by police after a high-speed pursuit in Oklahoma has been
Little Rock police responded to an apparent murder-suicide Thursday, May 10, 2018. - Photo by Ryan Tarinelli  Police say
President Donald Trump delivers a statement on the Iran nuclear deal from the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House
WASHINGTON -- Vice President Mike Pence said Thursday that he believes it's time for special counsel Robert Mueller to conclude
It's a sign of the times when a major magazine can tell its readers it's okay to ignore the Bible.
President Donald Trump probably wouldn't appreciate the comparison, but his nominee to head the CIA seemed to be channeling Barack
An Arkansas woman was killed Friday, authorities say, and the man suspected in her death was arrested.  According to
Kevin Jonas Relists $2.48M New Jersey Mansion He Built Himself Kevin Jonas, the oldest member of the Jonas Brothers, is
Northern Alaska's tundra swans have a long haul for winter break        window._taboola =
Island of Alameda weighing license-plate readers at entry and exit points  Photo: Paul Chinn, The Chronicle Image 1 of
Extreme Vetting: Sean Spicer on the Prowl for a Tenant for His Virginia Townhouse A charming brick townhouse available for
Mnuchin Says He Isn't `Overly Concerned' About Market Plunge (2)  (Bloomberg) -- Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin checked in with
Defender of Trump's travel ban also approved surveilling former Trump aide  Photo: Jabin Botsford, The Washington Post Image 1
Woman Assaulted With Tv In Mission District Monday  SAN FRANCISCO (BCN)  A woman used a TV to assault
Hong Kong top court overturns prison sentences for activists  HONG KONG — Hong Kong’s highest court on Tuesday overturned
Trump said he'd shrink the trade deficit with China; it just hit a record high  Photo: Bloomberg Photo By
Diane Kruger Defends Quentin Tarantino: He Was ‘Pure Joy’ to Work With "Inglourious Basterds" actress speaks out after accusations made
Ice Serves Notices Of Inspection To 77 Businesses In Sf, Sj And Sacramento  The U.S. Department of Homeland Security's
Courtesy Light Eases Transfer From Bart To Capitol Corridor  RICHMOND (BCN)  Transit officials are trying to make it
Merkel reaches deal to form coalition government in Germany  BERLIN — Chancellor Angela Merkel agreed on a coalition deal
San Francisco accepts $10M in state funding for two new navigation centers      window._taboola = window._taboola
Princess, fiance postpone wedding, citing 'immaturity'  Photo: Japan News-Yomiuri Photo) Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1
WikiLeaks founder Assange loses latest legal bid to quash British arrest warrant  Photo: Bloomberg Photo By Luke MacGregor. Image
EPA chief supervised changes to website on climate  Photo: Pablo Martinez Monsivais, Associated Press Image 1 of / 1
Steve Kahn, whose art of the 1970s received new acclaim, dies at 74      window._taboola =
Federal Reserve cracks down on Wells Fargo over scandal involving sham accounts  WASHINGTON - The Federal Reserve levied an
Opinion  Letters to the Editor, Feb. 5  Photo: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Image 1 of / 1 Caption
Court: Twitter Not Liable For 2015 Terrorist Slaying Of 2 Americans In Jordan  SAN FRANCISCO (BCN)  A lawsuit
Investigation Reveals Hepatitis A Outbreak In Homeless Population  The Monterey County Health Department announced Monday that disease levels of
Mnuchin isn't 'overly concerned' about market plunge  Photo: Bloomberg Photo By Andrew Harrer) Image 1 of / 1 Caption
House prohibits sexual relationships between lawmakers and their staffers  Photo: Bloomberg Photo By Andrew Harrer. Image 1 of /
Union City pedestrian fatally struck by truck  Photo: Ron Chapple, Getty Image Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close
One of SF’s most romantic restaurants to close days after Valentine’s Day        
Andie MacDowell on ‘Groundhog Day’ at 25: Bill Murray ‘Asked Me to Really Slap Him’ "It's hard to hit someone
Father of Otto Warmbier, who died after being held in North Korea, will attend the Olympics Opening Ceremonies  
Broadcom raises its Qualcomm offer to $121 billion  Broadcom raised its takeover bid for its rival chipmaker Qualcomm to
Monday Midday News Roundup  A 55-year-old Boulder Creek man on a bicycle who was struck and killed by a
Key to the Wells Fargo-Fed deal: holding directors accountable  A couple of weeks ago, Wells Fargo executives — including
Tourist destination Maldives descends into political crisis  Photo: Mohamed Sharuhaan, Associated Press Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close
Trial Begins In Waymo's $1.8B Trade Secrets Lawsuit Against Uber  SAN FRANCISCO (BCN)  A lawyer for a robotic
After battling militants, U.S. begins reducing forces  AL-ASAD AIRBASE, Iraq — American troops have started to draw down from
Oakland OKs rule that could limit Brooks’ power      window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode:
News of the Day From Across the Nation, Jan. 31  1 No charges: A grand jury declined to bring
ICE says it won’t make immigration sweeps at courthouses          window._taboola =
Uber’s Kalanick stays calm on the stand during Waymo trade-secrets trial  Photo: Elijah Nouvelage, Getty Images Image 1 of
Laptops Stolen In 'Snatch And Grab' Robbery Near Cal Campus  BERKELEY (BCN)  Police are looking for four suspects
People finding success taking Equifax to small-claims court — using a chatbot      window._taboola = window._taboola
Nancy Pelosi calls for Devin Nunes' removal with #RemoveNunes  Now Playing:  House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi sent a
Poland digs in over Nazi complicity bill as Israel vows response  Photo: Bloomberg Photo By Marcin Przybylko. Image 1
Sorghum farmers are the first victims in growing trade dispute between China, US  Photo: Bloomberg Photo By Qilai Shen
Ex-Silicon Valley executive pleads guilty to wire fraud  The founder of a failed Silicon Valley technology company has pleaded
Roku, Samsung smart TVs vulnerable to hackers, Consumer Reports says  Photo: Cnet Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close
Alameda sheriff deputy shoots at man who allegedly rammed officer, motorcycle  Now Playing:  A stolen car suspect who
Jake Tapper on the challenges of reporting news today: 'Everybody's a media critic'  Photo: Washington Post Photo By Andre
Money flows to London Breed in race for SF mayor; Mark Leno’s funds still on top  Just 22 days
Regulators who targeted anti-vaccine physician may pay millions for humiliating him         
Officers Arrest Man For String Of Crimes Monday  PALO ALTO (BCN)  Police arrested a 41-year-old man who allegedly
The events you can't miss at SF Beer Week 2018 (including a Viking-themed Valentine's dinner)  Photo: John Storey, Special
Lodi couple marry in 'suspended' wedding ceremony — 400 feet above a Utah canyon  A couple from Lodi just
Death Row Inmate Who Killed Armored Car Guard Found Dead In Cell  A San Quentin State Prison death row
Oscar-nominated 'The Insult' reopens old wounds - but to heal them      window._taboola = window._taboola ||
Opinion: Releasing the Nunes memo is Trump's most unethical act since firing Comey  President Donald Trump's decision to release
Use of name Macedonia stirs huge protest in Greece      window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({
Poor People’s Campaign renews Rev. King’s vision  RALEIGH, N.C. — A renewed version of the Rev. Martin Luther King
An arrest in Moscow leads to a Norwegian espionage mystery          window._taboola
International Smoke to open in upscale San Diego area, continues rapid expansion  Ayesha Curry and Michael Mina are opening
Alameda approves $500K for license plate scanners, but looks to beef up privacy  Now Playing:  Alameda will pump
After 'Me Too,' women want justice; lawyers have bad news for them  Photo: The Washington Post Image 1 of
Harvey Weinstein Attorney Weighs Legal Action Against Uma Thurman, Denies ‘False Accusations’ "Ms Thurman's statements to the Times are being
Uc Employee Arrested At Protest Thursday  BERKELEY (BCN)  Labor organizers allege that the arrest of a black man
Another one: Viral video shows 'unsanitary' handling of pig carcasses at San Francisco market  For the second time in
Internet burns one more paper-based business: envelope maker          window._taboola = window._taboola
Did Ron Howard Just Hint at a ‘Solo’ Super Bowl Trailer? "Midway thru a long flight. Back in the #Solo
Monday Morning News Roundup  A Berkeley man died after he was shot Saturday morning in North Oakland, police said.
Gov. Jerry Brown signs whistle-blower bill to protect legislative workers  Photo: Patrick T. Fallon, Special To The Chronicle Image
Kian Lawley Fired From Fox’s ‘The Hate U Give’ After YouTuber’s N-Word-Laced Clip Surfaces Studio will reshoot his scenes "as
Voters approve bid to reinstate presidential term limit  QUITO, Ecuador — Voters overwhelmingly decided Sunday to limit presidents to
New on D.B. Cooper: Private investigators say he was CIA Sleuths claim link between top suspect and CIA, other 'black
Tesla sells $546 million of bonds as buyers can't get enough  Photo: Bloomberg Hpoto By SeongJoon Cho. Image 1
Ava DuVernay Police Shooting Drama, ‘LA Confidential’ Adaptation Among CBS Pilot Orders Legal drama inspired and executive produced by former
Court to decide whether Lodi man was wrongly convicted of terrorism  Photo: AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption
Schiff accuses Nunes of altering memo before sharing it with Trump for release  Now Playing:  WASHINGTON - The
Vincent Cirrincione, Manager to Halle Berry, Taraji P. Henson, Accused of Sexual Harassment Nine women accused the manager and producer
Louis Zorich, Tony-nominated actor with Bay Area connections, dies        window._taboola = window._taboola ||
Camera catches Half Moon Bay landlord poking around, drinking tenants' liquor  Now Playing:  For weeks, a Half Moon
In Plains, Ga., President Jimmy Carter's Sunday school program still draws crowds        
Waymo vs. Uber trial to shine light on Silicon Valley culture         
6 Gold Rush must-do’s in Amador County          window._taboola = window._taboola ||
Police Crackdown On Auto Burglary Leads To Narcotics Arrest  EMERYVILLE (BCN)  Police responding to a recent spate of
Swastika found on San Jose college campus Along with the symbol were the words 'Hitler did nothing wrong'  Now
The world's most gender-equal country has its own #metoo moment  Photo: Bloomberg Photo By Kjartan Thorbjoernsson. Image 1 of
Democratic senators: Trump lacks 'legal authority' for preemptive, 'bloody nose' strike on North Korea  Photo: Bloomberg Photo By Zach
Court upholds $25 million settlement in suits against Trump University        window._taboola = window._taboola
How important is Carter Page to the Russia investigation?  When then-candidate Donald Trump told The Washington Post in March
Woman dies in BART escalator fall in San Francisco  Photo: Gabrielle Lurie, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1
SFJazz gala celebrates the Big Easy in a big way          window._taboola
The Confederate flag resurged. The KKK burned a cross. Racial tensions flared in a Southern town.    
Queer Muslims claim space in SOMArts exhibition  Now Playing:  There is a space at the heart of “The
'San Jose has weird house': How the Winchester Mystery House was reported on in the 1920s    
The Temple Club: Vietnamese food you can’t get anywhere else  When Quynh Nhu stands at the corrugated aluminum-fronted counter
Pyongyang slams Trump’s State of the Union address  SEOUL — North Korea on Sunday denounced President Trump’s State of
News of the Day From Around the World  1 Migrants drown: Spanish authorities said Sunday that several refugees were
Francis ‘Jeep’ Sanza, Patton’s driver in World War II, dies in Napa at 99      window._taboola
D.C. officials pan Trump's proposed grand military parade  Now Playing:  WASHINGTON - The D.C. Council had a simple
Trump aide Rob Porter resigns after reports alleging abuse  Now Playing:  One of President Donald Trump's closest aides
House passes Speier bill to crack down on sexual harassment in Congress        window._taboola
Doctors, Mayor Schaaf Ask Congress To Pass 'Clean' Dream Act  OAKLAND (BCN)  Doctors, union members, community activists and
In Italy, Facebook will have fact checkers 'hunting' for fake news for the first time  Photo: Bloomberg Photo By
Review: Turkish Airlines San Francisco-Istanbul Exquisite business class experience, but ground service in Turkey lacking     
The Tacro: Here's what you need to know about SF's new croissant-taco mashup  Now Playing:  Forget about the
Update: Hepatitis A Outbreak Ends In Santa Cruz Co., Begins In Monterey Co.  Just as Monterey County officials announced
News of the Day From Around the Globe  1 War on drugs: Nearly 50 people suspected of using and
‘A Ciambra’ Film Review: Scorsese-Produced Italian Drama Follows Real-Life Roma Family Spirit Award nominee Jonas Carpignano's realist film explores a
Estee Lauder's online makeover sparks sales growth  Photo: Bloomberg Photo By Qilai Shen) Image 1 of / 1 Caption
Bitters are essential to a good cocktail, but which ones should you buy?       
Major water projects hit funding barriers as California questions value  In a remote canyon tucked into the East Bay
Chp Arrests Berkeley Man On Suspicion Of Dui, Auto Theft After Pursuit  The California Highway Patrol arrested a Berkeley
In SF appearance, Villaraigosa says he has plans to solve the housing crisis  Saying the state has been “missing
Peter Murphy once again postpones Chapel residency, citing visa issues  Photo: Uptown Theatre Image 1 of / 1 Caption
Top diplomat resigns, continuing exodus at State Department  WASHINGTON — The State Department’s top career diplomat announced his resignation
2 students shot at LA middle school; girl in custody  Photo: Damian Dovarganes, Associated Press Image 1 of /
Polish Senate backs controversial Holocaust speech law  WARSAW — Poland’s Senate has backed legislation that will regulate Holocaust speech,
Theater capsule reviews and listings, week of Feb. 4  Beach Blanket Babylon Steve Silver’s effervescent revue of send-ups and
Laptops fair game for airport customs searches LOS ANGELES Like at border, no evidence of crime needed, judges say 
SF neighborhood, police powerless against car break-ins  Photo: Scott Strazzante, The Chronicle A man, later identified by police as
Van carrying gas canisters injures 18 in Shanghai crash  SHANGHAI — The driver of a minivan hauling gas canisters
Charlie Walk Exits ‘The Four’ Following Sexual Harassment Accusation Music exec and Fox singing competition judge was accused of sexual
News of the Day From Across the Nation  Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1
Police Ask For Help Finding At-Risk Man  FREMONT (BCN)  Fremont police are asking for help finding a man
Few political differences seen in first SF mayoral forum  Photo: Paul Chinn, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1
In this classroom, every student’s name is ‘Judge’  Photo: Carolyn Kaster, Associated Press Image 1 of / 1 Caption
State of the State speech matches election-year stakes  Photo: Washington Post Photo By Katherine Frey Image 1 of /
Anger and fear along Turkey's border as offensive brings the war back home  Photo: Bloomberg Photo By Kostas Tsironis.
Merkel breaks deadlock in coalition deal with Social Democrats  Photo: Bloomberg Photo By Krisztian Bocsi. Image 1 of /
Beer in the Bay: San Francisco Beer Week begins!          window._taboola =
Boeing's endangered 747 gets lifeline as UPS buys 14  Photo: Bloomberg Photo By Luke Sharrett. Image 1 of /
Safety system being installed before South Carolina train crash  Photo: Jeff Blake, Associated Press Image 1 of / 1
Navy presses Mattis to delay `shock testing' costliest carrier  Photo: Bloomberg Photo By Andrew Harrer. Image 1 of /
The sentence that may undercut GOP efforts to discredit Russia probe         
Image 1 of 19  Click through the gallery to see what Democrats are saying about the memo release. 
2 Florida Residents Arrested On Suspicion Of Identity Theft  SAN BRUNO (BCN)  Two residents of Florida were arrested
Coast Guard Calls Off Search For Man In Water  PACIFIC GROVE (BCN)  The Coast Guard called off its
Stephen King Gives Apology (‘If One Is Necessary’) for Mocking Republicans in Train Wreck "Of COURSE sorry the truck driver
Sutter Health Says Alta Bates Will Stay Open For At Least Another Decade  BERKELEY (BCN)  Sutter Health officials
News of the Day From Across the Nation, Feb. 6  1 Gerrymandering: The Supreme Court is allowing a court-ordered
San Quentin staffer made me a sex slave, murderer says. He’s awarded $65,000      window._taboola =
Helen Mirren Is Down to EGOT With a Shakespearean Rap Album "I'm always up for doing something that scares the
When Square met bitcoin; skin-deep tweets; Xerox couldn’t duplicate success  Photo: Tomohiro Ohsumi, Bloomberg Image 1 of / 1
Self-driving cars need humans less and less, California data shows  Photo: Paul Chinn, The Chronicle Image 1 of /
Vanity Fair removes James Franco from cover after sexual misconduct allegations  When Vanity Fair unveiled the cover for its
San Bruno blast neighborhood’s message to Wine Country: It’s a long recovery  After a seemingly endless procession of bulldozers
Cryptocurrency might get Kodak out of the crypt        window._taboola = window._taboola || [];
Xerox, an innovator hit by digital revolution, cedes control to Fujifilm         
Effort Renewed To Arrest Man Who Shot Pregnant Ex-Girlfriend  PACIFICA (BCN)  Police are asking for help locating a
Mueller zeros in on story put together about Trump tower meeting with Russian lawyer  WASHINGTON — Aboard Air Force
Former Greenfield Police Officer Sentenced For Embezzlement  The Monterey County District Attorney's Office announced today that a former Greenfield
Path to citizenship goes through City College for many in SF  The path to citizenship for Baudelio Burciaga began
Bart Officers Make Arrests In Two Separate Violent Incidents  Officers made arrests in two violent incidents on BART Friday
Iranian leader enters fray over compulsory Islamic veiling  Photo: ARASH KHAMOOSHI, NYT Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close
Rally To Protest Caltrans Cleanup Of Homeless Encampment  SAN JOSE (BCN)  During the first day of cleanup of
SF break-in suspect run over by alleged accomplice escaped earlier murder rap  Photo: Paul Chinn, The Chronicle Image 1
Nicole Eggert Reports Scott Baio Sexual Abuse Accusations to LAPD Actress' attorney says that they will "fully cooperate with the
Romana Acosta Bañuelos, former U.S. Treasurer, dies at 92  Before her name was printed on paper currency notes as
Billionaire close to deal to buy L.A. Times, San Diego Union Tribune  Los Angeles biotech billionaire Patrick Soon-Shiong is
Ikea miscast, ‘Lady Doritos’ on blast and a trademark case that will last  Ikea’s misstep  Ikea has apologized
Judge Orders Youth To Be Prosecuted As Adult In 2013 Fatal Shooting  OAKLAND (BCN)  A judge ruled today
Trump will clear way for publication of controversial memo  Now Playing:  WASHINGTON — Over the strong objections of
Human rights activists denounce China’s ‘female morality schools’  HONG KONG — The video shows students at the “female morality
Riding the bitcoin wave in search of a golden shore          window._taboola
North Korea evading trade sanctions, UN reports  UNITED NATIONS — North Korea is flouting U.N. sanctions on oil and
Prosecutors charge man who sold ammunition to Las Vegas gunman  Photo: HILARY SWIFT, NYT Image 1 of / 1
GOP's election-year dilemma: Push Partisan bills or compromise?  Photo: Bloomberg Photo By Al Drago. Image 1 of / 1
Redwood City man accused of Stanford Mall crime spree, headbutting nurse  A 41-year-old man was arrested for robbing a
US slaps arms embargo on South Sudan, urges UN to do same  Photo: Sam Mednick, Associated Press Image 1
Robert Wagner Called ‘Person of Interest’ in Natalie Wood’s 1981 Death by Investigator Hollywood actress drowned nearly four decades ago
Supes Vote To Add Persky Recall To June Ballot  The Santa Clara County Board of Supervisors approved today putting
Offensive against rebels intensifies in Syria, 28 civilians killed  Photo: OMAR HAJ KADOUR, AFP/Getty Images Image 1 of /
Ben Carson, or the tale of the disappearing cabinet secretary          window._taboola
8 People Charged For Alleged Auto Burglary Ring  The Santa Clara County District Attorney's Office has charged eight suspects
Statue of late Bay Area lawmaker Tom Lantos unveiled in Budapest  Photo: Noemi Bruzak, Associated Press Image 1 of
Still a trickle, but refugees sick of exile return to Syria  Photo: Hassan Ammar, Associated Press Image 1 of
GOP chief gains Trump’s trust as she navigates crosscurrents  Photo: Paul Sancya, AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption
Israel to legalize settlement deep inside West Bank  JERUSALEM — Israel said Sunday it plans to legalize an isolated
Police officer injured in attempt to stop theft suspects  SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO (BCN)  A South San Francisco police
Coast Guard, Local Authorities Search For Man In Water  PACIFIC GROVE (BCN)  Several agencies are assisting the U.S.
Earthquake jolts one of earth's rarest fish, causing them to start spawning in Death Valley  You may not have
Home Sellers Are Really Cashing In These Days, Report Finds Home sellers made a record amount of profit on their
Political veteran fined $32,500 by ethics watchdog for unregistered lobbying  Photo: KIMBERLY WHITE, REUTERS Image 1 of / 1
Shocking new report details casualties of 'alt-right' movement in 2017  A new report by a nonprofit legal advocacy group
Kalanick Testifies Race To Create Driverless Car Was "Existential" To Uber  SAN FRANCISCO (BCN)  Former Uber Chief Executive
Defining drought … it’s not just the rainfall  This story originally appeared on Golden Gate Weather Services  
Once a national model, Washington's school system is now target of FBI investigation  Photo: Washington Post Photo By Jahi
SF man accused of beating girlfriend to death with bottle pleads insanity  A San Francisco man accused of beating
DC Comics reveals the superhero that new star writer Brian Michael Bendis will take over  Photo: Random House Image
Alleged cannabis bribery attempt in Oakland prompts investigation  Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1
San Francisco Chronicle rallied the public for a big wave      window._taboola = window._taboola || [];
New Bill In State Senate Would Relinquish Part Of Hwy 84 To City  FREMONT (BCN)  A state legislator
Shutdown less likely as Senate closes in on budget agreement  Photo: J. Scott Applewhite, Associated Press Image 1 of
Mayor of Cupertino, home of Apple, says housing situation 'not dire,' critics disagree       
Police Identify 4 Burglary Suspects Who Led Officers On A Pursuit Monday  SAN MATEO (BCN)  Police have released
Left bounced Breed for Conway ties. Turns out he invested in Farrell’s firm  Photo: Santiago Mejia, Associated Press Image
When is a license plate more than a license plate? When it has the word "gun" on it  Photo:
From wary observer to justice warrior: How Heather Heyer's death gave her mom a voice     
Opposition fortunes wane as Tanzania president rules supreme  Photo: Bloomberg Photo By Trevor Snapp. Image 1 of / 1
The woman who fought Chinatown sex slavery for decades  Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of
As tourism returns, hurricane recovery in the Virgin Islands is leaving some residents behind      
‘Dancing with the Stars’ tour bus involved in fatal pile-up on snowy Iowa highway Monday concert in Ames canceled after
`We made it up': Trying in vain to count the Puerto Rico exodus       
Fed's Wells Fargo punishment sets precedent for harsher era  Photo: Bloomberg Photo By Daniel Tepper. Image 1 of /
Police Make Arrests In Alleged Illegal Gambling Business  BENICIA (BCN)  Officers arrested three people and allegedly seized weapons,
Ex-employee arrested in fire, vandalism at Santa Rosa business  Photo: Sonoma County Sheriff / Sonoma County Sheriff Image 1
‘Veep’ Star Sally Phillips Says British TV Is Still Sexist, Just ‘Much More Hidden’ Today "It's just much slower, much
Photo: Oracle Image 1 of / 14 Caption Close  Image 1 of 14 Click ahead to see more photos
Uma Thurman accuses Weinstein of sexual misconduct  NEW YORK — Actress Uma Thurman accused disgraced movie mogul Harvey Weinstein
Exploring a tradition of gay music in Oakland      window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode:
Victim's Family Member Approaches Defense Lawyer In Murder Trial  OAKLAND (BCN)  The trial of a man who's charged
4 SF public defender’s lawyers to run against GOP-appointed judges  Photo: Fry Design Ltd, Getty Images Image 1 of
After Iraq and Afghanistan, pioneering women in the military set sights on Congress  Photo: Matt McClain, The Washington Post
Suspect Surrenders After Seizure Of Guns, Drugs And Cash  SAN FRANCISCO (BCN)  Police investigating a violent robbery reported
Uma Thurman Accuses Harvey Weinstein of Sexual ‘Attack': ‘He Tried to Shove Himself on Me’ Actress details her #MeToo experience
Memo Leaves Trump With Little New Ammunition Against Mueller (2)  (Bloomberg) -- President Donald Trump was eager to have
State to take on reform oversight at SF Police Department          window._taboola
Ethics training reminds White House staff not to use encrypted messages for government business  Photo: Washington Post Photo By
Eight ways to prepare for big tax law changes this filing season  Photo: Bloomberg Photo By Daniel Acker. Image
Volunteer School Safety Resource Officer Program  (a) The sheriff may establish a volunteer school safety resource officer program to
A screenshot of the warning screen from a purported ransomware attack, as captured by a computer user in Taiwan, is
Qualifications  Opportunity zone eligibility is based on 2011-2015 Census American Community Survey data with a given census tract having
Democrats On House Intelligence Committee Release Rebuttal Memo That Utterly Decimates Nunes Memo  Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee
What is the Middle Class and is It Shrinking?  Salary-based definitions distort the conversation. And lifestyle-based definitions are a
It Depends on What the Meaning of ‘Russiagate’ Is  Blake Hounshell has doubts about whether Trump colluded with Moscow.
Georgia May Strip Delta Tax Break Over Its NRA Break  I don't see how the state legislature making tax
FedEx Takes Right Position on NRA, Faces Backlash  The shipping giant FedEx is coming under serious pressure to sever
Federal Judge Has Doubts About Trump’s Border Wall  The Judge presiding over a case dealing with Trump's proposed border
Robert Mueller Tightens The Screws On Paul Manafort With New Charges And A Rick Gates Guilty Plea  The Mueller
Supreme Court Declines To Hear Yet Another Second Amendment Challenge To A State Gun Control Law  Continuing a pattern
James Joyner · · 10 comments  Octogenarian Senator Dianne Feinstein has failed to get her party’s endorsement for a
Education Dept. Stops Investigating Complaints By Transgender Students About Bathroom Access.  The Department of Education announced yesterday that it
Intelligence Chiefs Warn Of Russian Plans To Interfere In Midterm Elections  Intelligence officials are warning that the Russians are
Pennsylvania Supreme Court Redraws State’s Gerrymandered Congressional Districts  The Pennsylvania Supreme Court has redrawn the state's Congressional Districts based
Vainest of Vanities  The only reason March 5th is "our last chance" at a DACA deal is if Trump
Federal Appeals Court Rules That Employers Can’t Discriminate Based On Sexual Orientation  The Second Circuit Court of Appeals rules
Encouraging Signs For Democrats In New Poll, But There Are Caveats  A newly released poll has encouraging signs for
Navy Testing New Khaki Uniforms for Sea Duty  One of the oddities of military culture is the constan 
Donald Trump’s Own Appointees Are Telling World Leaders To Ignore His Tweets  President Trump's tweets, other public statements, and
A Second Brexit Vote? Some Britons Are Asking For One  As Brexit negotiations go on and the consequences of
Why Does The U.S. Continue To Pursue An Impossible Goal With North Korea?  Why does the U.S. continue to
Donald Trump Has A Woman Problem  Women voters are turning decidedly against Donald Trump, this could pose problems for
Mandatory SATs and Upward Mobility  Combining universal and mandatory (and free) college-board exams with a program for targeting college
Doug Mataconis · · 22 comments  CNN is reporting this afternoon that President Trump appears to have asked Deputy
‘To Kill A Mockingbird’ And ‘Huckleberry Finn’ Banned By Minnesota School District  Two classic pieces of American Literature have
Poll Shows Increased Support For Gun Control In The Wake Of Florida Shooting  New polls show increased support for
Have You Ever Heard of Plato? Aristotle? Socrates?  Mark Levin says we're "morons" and "illiterate in English" because we've
Trump Administration Claims It Needs No Legal Authorization To Keep Troops In Syria  Continuing a long-standard tradition, the Trump
James Joyner · · 3 comments  A weird story from NYT (“In Australia, Staying Loyal to Taiwan Can Mean
The Tea Party Is Dead, As Is The Idea That It Ever Was Anything Other Than A GOP Proxy 
An Example of Eroding Mutual Forbearance  President Trump has harsh words for Democrats who didn't applaud his SOTU. 
Doug Mataconis · · 8 comments  Robert Mueller has filed charges against a Washington lawyer who stands accused of
Are Mass Shootings a National Security Threat?  Phil Carter makes an interesting argument but he's ultimately mistaken.  James
Is Joe Arpaio The Next Roy Moore?  Will Joe Arpaio cause the GOP to lose an otherwise winnable Senate
What the Nunes Memo Tells us  Mostly it just tells us that Nunes and his allies are hacks. 
At Least 14 Victims In School Shooting In South Florida  Another school shooting, this time in Florida.  Doug
Supreme Court Poised To Deliver Blow To Public Sector Unions  After yesterday's oral argument, the Supreme Court seems poised
Trump Defends Former White House Staffer Accused of Spousal Abuse  President Trump spoke up about the spousal abuse charges
National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster On His Way Out?  National Security Adviser H.L. McMaster is the latest person rumored
U.S. Will Hit Debt Ceiling Earlier Than Expected  In addition to deadlines on the Federal Budget and DACA, Congress
White House Chief of Staff Says Schoolteacher Who Insulted Military Should ‘Go to Hell’ While Defending Release of Classified Memo
Chelsea Manning May Not Be Eligible To Run For Senate  Chelsea Manning is running for Senate, but she may
Don’t Bother Searching For A ‘Trump Doctrine,” There Won’t Be One  When it comes to foreign policy, Donald Trump
Doug Mataconis · · 7 comments  One of the sponsors of the recently signed Polish law forbidding people from
Trump Calls On Justice Department To Act On Bump Stocks  President Trump is calling on the Justice Department to
Collapse of the Global Elite?  Elliot Cohen laments the lack of steel in the spine of the statesmen, diplomats,
The Nunes Memo’s Big Lies  The two most important allegations in the Nunes memo appear to be complete lies.
Fourth Circuit Strikes Down Trump’s Muslim Travel Ban  Another day, another Court ruling against the Trump Administration.  Doug
Trump’s Military Parade Could Cost Up To $30,000,000  President Trump's military parade would come with a not insignificant cost.
Trump Threatens ‘Phase Two’ If Sanctions Against North Korea That Probably Won’t Work Don’t Work  President Trump continues to
McCain Says Republicans ‘Doing Putin’s Job for Him’  The 2008 Republican nominee for president condemned his party and its
Congress is Powerless to Stop Presidential Strike on North Korea  My latest for RealClearDefense.  James Joyner · ·
The Confusion of Short Government Shutdowns  Friday's eight-hour shutdown was not the non-event it seemed from the outside. 
Mueller Investigation Focusing On White House Response To Reports On Trump Tower Meeting  Robert Mueller's investigators are looking at
What If Clinton Had Done What Trump Is Accused Of?  Imagine a world where Hillary Clinton was President and
The Fallacy of the “Good Guy with a Gun”  Steven L. Taylor · · 27 comments  Via the
Defense Secretary Mattis Leaning Toward Allowing Transgender Troops To Remain In The Military  The Defense Department will reportedly recommend
Trump Administration Admits 2018 Elections Are Vulnerable To More Russian Interference  Administration officials are admitting that it's likely that
Trump Still Won’t Acknowledge The Reality Of Russian Interference In The 2016 Campaign  Even with yesterday's indictments, President Trump
Donald Trump’s Dereliction Of Presidential Duty Is Self-Evident  Donald Trump's dereliction of duty in response to clear evidence of
Congress Heads Toward Another Budget Deadline With No Apparent Deal In Sight  The current budget deal expires in six
Marib, Yemen (CNN) Younis learned how to use a machine gun as a child. "It's normal. We are Bedouin," says
(CNN) An explosion and fire at a power substation caused a blackout in parts of northern Puerto Rico on Sunday,
Beijing (CNN) China has confirmed for the first time that a Hong Kong-based Swedish citizen who published and sold books
Washington (CNN) As a 43-year-old youth counselor from Sacramento, California, Brian Dempsey certainly did not fit the traditional profile of
Washington (CNN) Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson on Friday said that he and his family were "under attack
(CNN) The father of three daughters who were abused by Larry Nassar tried to attack the former doctor in an
(CNN) Douglas Haig, an Arizona man who says he sold tracer ammunition to the gunman in October's Las Vegas massacre,
Seoul (CNN) The confidante of South Korea's ousted president has been sentenced to 20 years in jail for her role
(CNN) At least 71 people were killed and 325 others wounded in rebel-held Eastern Ghouta after the Syrian government carried
Washington (CNN) The Democratic National Committee is naming Mary Beth Cahill its interim CEO, handing her day-to-day control of the
(CNN) Congressional Democrats on Wednesday largely opposed President Donald Trump's request to hold a military-style parade, while Republicans appeared mixed
Deerfield Beach, Fla. (CNN) President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump, aiming to honor the victims of Wednesday's school
Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump freely disparaged US immigration laws Tuesday at the White House, claiming that "not another country
Washington (CNN) Rob Porter resigned from his White House role this week following allegations of past domestic abuse, and sources
Washington (CNN) Sen. Rand Paul called out his fellow Republicans for "hypocrisy" in their budget plan after the GOP criticized
Washington (CNN) The White House's Office of Management and Budget is planning for a lapse in funding as of Thursday
Washington (CNN) Here are the stories our DC insiders are talking about in this week's "Inside Politics" forecast, where you
Johannesburg (CNN) South African President Jacob Zuma was fighting for his political life Monday as he resisted attempts from inside
Beijing (CNN) Fire appears to have engulfed the gilded roof of Tibetan Buddhism's holiest temple, though details on the extent
Story highlights Four students and one adult were hurt, authorities said  The shooting appears to be isolated incident, police
The authors are co-chairs of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. Their 2018 annual letter, from which some points in
(CNN) An Ohio court will decide the fate of a transgender teen who is in what the judge describes as
(CNN) Turkey's Prime Minister warned that Kurdish YPG forces will pay "twice as much" following the deaths of seven Turkish
Washington (CNN) The US-led coalition fighting ISIS in Syria conducted air and artillery strikes against pro-regime forces in Syria on
London (CNN) A British member of the House of Lords quit his government post after turning up late to answer
Washington (CNN) Several White House officials have expressed confusion over President Donald Trump's conflicting remarks on the allegations made against
Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump has asked for a military parade and the Pentagon is reviewing potential dates, Pentagon spokesman
(CNN) Just days before the start of the 2018 Winter Olympics, a bipartisan group of senators came forward to issue
(CNN) Poland's senate has approved a controversial bill that makes it illegal to accuse the nation of complicity in crimes
Story highlights Randall Margraves' daughters detailed in court their experiences with Larry Nassar  GoFundMe page raised money to cover
(CNN) Actor Robert Wagner remains a "person of interest" in the death of Natalie Wood but has thus far declined
(CNN) The leaders of the Senate Judiciary Committee want to know how the office overseeing the operation of federal courts
Story highlights 19 Senate Democrats sent a letter to the Government Accountability Office  They took aim at the fact
(CNN) Shortly after Tennessee law enforcement shot and killed a man during a two-county vehicle chase in April, White County
Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) Action movie star Massoud Hashimi has a painful cough, but it's not caused by the dirty Kabul
(CNN) Budgets released by presidents, unlike those negotiated by Congress, are more like political fan fiction than modestly crafted, passable
Johannesburg, South Africa (CNN) South Africa's "Teflon President" Jacob Zuma has brushed off an extraordinary number of corruption allegations and
James A. Gagliano is a CNN law enforcement analyst and a retired FBI supervisory special agent. He also serves as
(CNN) Former CIA Director John Brennan scorned House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes for the release of the controversial GOP memo
Washington (CNN) Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell teed up a pivotal immigration debate for consideration next week early Friday morning,
(CNN) Alabama teens Janizia and Raven have been dating since September and talking about prom since December.  To make
Istanbul (CNN) Amnesty International's chairman in Turkey remained in custody Thursday -- a day after an Istanbul court ordered his
(CNN) Just months after Republican Kevin Nicholson announced his bid to unseat incumbent Democratic Sen. Tammy Baldwin in 2018, his
(CNN) The top Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee is refuting the Republican memo alleging FBI abuses of surveillance authority,
PYONGYANG, NORTH KOREA - APRIL 20: North Korean navy ratings guard the USS Pueblo, an American spy ship, on the
(CNN) Twenty-five years ago today, on February 5, 1993, President Bill Clinton signed the Family and Medical Leave Act .
Washington (CNN) Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper on Friday called Republicans' push to release a classified memo that
(CNN) ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was wounded in an airstrike in May last year and had to relinquish control
(CNN) Two months ago, Rep. Blake Farenthold vowed to repay the $84,000 he used in taxpayer money to pay the
(CNN) Former Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi has warned that the number of migrants in the country has caused "serious
(CNN) Haiti could expel Oxfam if allegations of sexual misconduct against the British charity prove to be true, a senior
Washington (CNN) White House deputy press secretary Raj Shah said there will be "no changes" at the Justice Department when
Chicago (CNN) Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, says he believes Republicans are engaged in an
Adelaide, Australia (CNN) Experts in the Australian city of Adelaide started excavating an industrial site Friday for the remains of
(CNN) The great debate consuming Washington right now is this: Will President Donald Trump release the memo or not? 
(CNN) Rep. Trey Gowdy isn't interested in filling a vacancy on the 4th US Circuit Court of Appeals, according to
(CNN) White House aides and a bipartisan group of lawmakers on Capitol Hill are cheering $6 billion in new funding
Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump on Friday called the departure of his former staff secretary Rob Porter following allegations of
Story highlights The nonprofit will work alongside state reproductive rights advocates, coalition partners to push policies  The initiative comes
New Orleans, Louisiana (CNN) — If you've never been to Mardi Gras, you may think it's all about beads for
Washington (CNN) Iowa Republican Sen. Joni Ernst is calling on President Donald Trump to send a stronger message against domestic
"I just want to be in here and absorb it all," he says.  The 6-foot-5-inch US Army and Coast
Jerusalem (CNN) Israeli police said Tuesday there was "sufficient evidence" to indict Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on criminal charges in
Democrats are defending more than two dozen seats -- including 10 in states where President Donald Trump won in 2016
Paul Sracic chairs the Department of Politics and International Relations at Youngstown State University in Ohio. Follow him at @pasracic.
Dust-covered survivors come stumbling from the rubble and twisted metal of another bombardment. Some clutch injured children in their arms,
Lt. Gen. Jay Silveria is the superintendent of the US Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs, Colorado. The opinions expressed
Boston (CNN) As Blanca Morales walks the hallowed halls of Harvard Medical School, she ponders her humble roots and how
Washington (CNN) House Democrats sounded the alarm Tuesday about their Republican counterparts planning to interview a "confidential informant" for the
Washington (CNN) One of the strongest advocates for a deal on the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals policy in the
(CNN) An employee for the federal agency supervising the lease for the Trump hotel in Washington spent more than $900
Washington (CNN) Ivanka Trump will lead the Presidential delegation to South Korea for the closing ceremony of the 2018 Pyeongchang
(CNN) A Southern California teacher and councilman who sparked national outcry after saying that American troops are "the lowest of
Washington (CNN) House Speaker Paul Ryan deleted a tweet Saturday touting the GOP tax overhaul after critics called him out
(CNN) Polish President Andrzej Duda signed Poland's controversial new Holocaust bill late Tuesday ahead of it being assessed by the
Carol Costello is the host of "Across America With Carol Costello" on HLN. The views expressed in this commentary are
Washington (CNN) The release of House Republicans' memo alleging FBI abuses of its surveillance authority has intensified an extraordinary feud
New York (CNN) President Donald Trump's daughter-in-law opened a letter containing an unknown substance that was addressed to the President's
Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump spoke Monday with his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin to express condolences for a weekend plane
(CNN) "Peter Rabbit" has found itself in the middle of a food allergy controversy that has prompted some parents to
Washington (CNN) The Obamas were back in Washington on Monday for the unveiling of their official portraits that will hang
Washington (CNN) In her first major speech since leaving office, former first lady Michelle Obama made an impassioned argument for
(CNN) Germany has agreed to pay compensation to Jews who suffered persecution in Algeria during World War II.  This
Nairobi, Kenya (CNN) One of the world's top ivory and rhino horn trafficking investigators has been found dead with multiple
(CNN) Sen. John McCain is one "tough old bastard," according to his son, Jack, who said the Arizona Republican is
Washington (CNN) One of the leading voices of the House Freedom Caucus warned Sunday that House Speaker Paul Ryan was
(CNN) The father of the late Otto Warmbier, an American student who was jailed in North Korea, will attend the
(CNN) If Congress doesn't act this week, the federal government will shut down for the second time this year. 
Tulsa, Oklahoma (CNN) An Oklahoma man who harassed and attacked members of a Lebanese family living next door was found
Washington (CNN) A televangelist with ties to President Donald Trump says you don't need a flu vaccine if you have
(CNN) Chief of staff John Kelly said the White House is reviewing a Democratic memo on the investigation into a
Washington (CNN) Missouri's attorney general, who is a Republican candidate running for US Senate, is facing criticism for a December
"The result is that, one week ago, Rob Porter was a top aide to President Trump, and today he is
(CNN) — "The first time I saw a sea of clouds over the city atop Tai Mo Shan in April
Story highlights Schools closed Wednesday for third day straight  Traffic restrictions in place to improve air quality  (CNN)
Adelaide, Australia (CNN) Police have ended work at an excavation site in the Australian city of Adelaide after finding no
Story highlights If measure passes, state would be first in nation to make such a requirement  Education policy analyst
(CNN) A California Highway Patrol officer was injured when his motorcycle was involved in a crash while escorting the motorcade
Story highlights ICC "preliminary examination" looks into reports of excessive force against protesters  Move is a first step toward
(CNN) White supremacist groups have been flocking to college campuses at an increased rate, spreading propaganda and hoping to lure
(CNN) US Vice President Mike Pence's trip to South Korea for the PyeongChang Winter Olympics has been called "a missed
Los Angeles (CNN) Nearly three months after his death, Charles Manson's body is still on ice in Kern County, California,
Below is a full transcript of her speech:  We haven't already had a moment of silence in the House
(CNN) Secretary of Defense James Mattis says "there's no wedge" between the United States and South Korea, despite recent overtures
Washington (CNN) Former Trump campaign adviser Rick Gates is finalizing a plea deal with special counsel Robert Mueller's office, indicating
Washington (CNN) If President Donald Trump wants a military parade, then he's going to have to find a way to
Shawn Turner is a retired Marine Corps officer with 21 years of service. He is the vice president and co-founder
(CNN) In an emotional rally Saturday in Fort Lauderdale, politicians and Marjory Stoneman Douglas students called for a ban on
Amman, Jordan (CNN) With nothing but the clothes on his back and less than $300 in his pocket, Amer Adi
Now's he's getting close to the point of no return with his replacement.  The bureau's public call for the
(CNN) Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti will make his first foray into the Palmetto State as a potential 2020 presidential
Nic Robertson is CNN's diplomatic editor. The opinions in this article belong to the author.  (CNN) Sinn Fein President
(CNN) As a nurse for nearly 30 years at Jackson Health System in Miami, Oliver Castellanos has noticed that many
Washington (CNN) Hours off of receiving a second Twitter attack from President Donald Trump, California Democratic Rep. Adam Schiff said
Las Vegas (CNN) Steve Wynn slipped a pair of vampire teeth into his mouth and walked into an employee meeting
(CNN) A group of Maine dairy delivery drivers will receive $5 million in a proposed settlement for unpaid overtime, according
Washington (CNN) Thirty to 40 White House officials and administration political appointees are still operating without full security clearances, including
(CNN) The White House says President Donald Trump met with Justice officials and White House lawyers Friday on the Democrats'
Issac Bailey is an interim member of The Charlotte Observer editorial board and the 2016 James K. Batten Professor of
Grace Forrest is a founding director of Walk Free Foundation , an international organization focused on the eradication of modern
Story highlights Suspected Boko Haram attackers raided a school in northeast Nigeria on Monday  Hundreds of school girls escaped
Moscow (CNN) The crew of the Saratov Airlines flight that crashed near Moscow on Sunday didn't report any problems before
Kerra L. Bolton is the founder of Unmuted Consulting, a strategic political communications consultancy and online academy that helps individuals,
Washington (CNN) White House chief of staff John Kelly sent a lengthy memo to White House staffers Thursday night addressing
(CNN) An asteroid between 50 and 130 feet wide will fly by the Earth on Friday on a path closer
Washington (CNN) The Justice Department has asked a judge to dismiss former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort's lawsuit challenging the
(CNN) Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats said Tuesday "there should be no doubt" that Russia sees the 2018 US
(CNN) John Mahoney, a veteran character actor best known for playing the curmudgeonly dog-loving father of the title character in
Jerusalem (CNN) The White House denied a claim by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Monday that he had discussed
(CNN) House Democrats say a whistleblower inside the Department of Health and Human Services told them that the Trump administration
(CNN) There was no evidence a crime was committed when a US Border Patrol agent was killed more than two
Washington (CNN) White House chief of staff John Kelly's role in -- and the mayhem unleashed by -- Rob Porter's
(CNN) North Korea staged a highly anticipated military parade through the capital Pyongyang Thursday, a diplomatic source told CNN, an
(CNN) North Korea earned nearly $200 million from exporting coal and other banned commodities last year in violation of UN
Washington (CNN) The long-awaited declassified memo on the Russia investigation that had Washington in a tizzy for days is finally
(CNN) India's top court may have finally ended a centuries-long, and at times bloody, dispute over the allocation of water
Washington (CNN) The US Navy is ramping up its presence in the Black Sea as part of a bid to
Seoul (CNN) South Korean President Moon Jae-in will lunch with the sister of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un when
Story highlights Sources tell CNN the North Koreans may invite Moon to Pyongyang  The invitation could be made at
Washington (CNN) Conservative firebrand Antonin Scalia died two years ago Tuesday and thrust the US Supreme Court into months of
Berlin (CNN) German Chancellor Angela Merkel moved a step closer to forming a coalition government with her center-left rivals on
(CNN) All criminal charges will move forward against the conductor of an Amtrak train that derailed in 2015, a judge
(CNN) Sleep apnea led to two commuter railroad accidents within 13 weeks of one another, the National Transportation Safety Board
(CNN) The contours of the immigration debate scheduled to begin next week on the floor of the Senate are beginning
(CNN) Robert Wagner, the actor and husband of the late actress Natalie Wood, has been dubbed a "person of interest"
(CNN) There was a hug on the tarmac, a visit to the Taj Mahal and even a selfie with some
Nazanin Boniadi is an actress on 'Counterpart' (Starz) and in the upcoming film 'Hotel Mumbai.' She previously starred on 'Homeland'
(CNN) Days after an investigation found no evidence to support a claim of inappropriate behavior made against Ryan Seacrest by
Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump said on Tuesday he supports a government shutdown if Democrats won't agree to tighten immigration
(CNN) A number of US Navy sailors based in Japan are being investigated for alleged use and distribution of drugs,
Washington (CNN) A US-led coalition airstrike bombed and destroyed a T-72 tank threatening coalition forces in the Euphrates River Valley
(CNN) Women across Arizona are bombarding a Republican representative's office with tampons and pads.  The #LetItFlow campaign began over
Washington (CNN) Pennsylvania's Democratic Gov. Tom Wolf has vetoed a proposed map of Republican-redrawn congressional districts, arguing the map is
(CNN) Ohio Rep. Michael Turner handed his fellow Republican colleague, California Rep. Darrell Issa, a letter on Capitol Hill last
(CNN) A former pizza shop employee in Massachusetts is accused of trying to rob his old workplace.  Police say
(CNN) Several Russians who had been hired as paramilitary contractors were among more than 100 men killed in US airstrikes
Washington (CNN) US Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats warned Tuesday that the current risk of a global conflict is
Washington (CNN) The Supreme Court declined Monday a request from Pennsylvania Republicans to block a lower court ruling that ordered
(CNN) The National Rifle Association should move its annual convention from Dallas to somewhere else after last week's massacre at
(CNN) In June, Whitney Tomlinson felt nauseated at work. She was pregnant at the time and was experiencing the condition
Story highlights A review of veteran care finds "world class" mental care, but veterans have a hard time accessing it
(CNN) The International Criminal Court (ICC) is looking into Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte's brutal war on drugs , his spokesman
(CNN) The video is chilling. James Edgar Lewis is sleeping under a Las Vegas freeway when a dark-colored SUV passes
(CNN) An autopsy report on Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock said he had anti-anxiety medication in his system at the
(CNN) Canada's Senate has passed a bill making the country's national anthem gender-neutral.  If you're not familiar with the
(CNN) At least 33 people have tested positive for HIV in northern India after a fake doctor allegedly used a
Washington (CNN) Initial planning for the military parade requested by President Donald Trump is now underway, Chairman of the Joint
(CNN) White House staff secretary Rob Porter, a top aide to President Donald Trump, has resigned, the White House confirmed
(CNN) Officials in the West Wing expect President Donald Trump will authorize the release of the Democratic memo by Friday
(CNN) What do you do with 400 of the world's most unwanted extremists, held in a territory that isn't technically
Toronto (CNN) Toronto, grappling with shock and grief, is slated to host two vigils this week to mourn the victims
Story highlights In movie theaters Feb 16  African fashion fever  Lagos (CNN) Is it a drone? Is it
Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump told Republican National Committee members in a closed-door gathering Thursday night that he'll travel to
(CNN) In a nearly unanimous vote, the Arizona House of Representatives expelled a Republican member after a report found he
This feature is part of Tomorrow's Hero , a series profiling young innovators transforming the world for a brighter future.
Washington (CNN) Republican Sen. John Neely Kennedy seems to have a saying -- or three -- for just about anything,
(CNN) President Donald Trump demonstrated a unique ability during his first year: He can bend time.  Never before have
Washington (CNN) Sen. Joe Manchin has been on a mission the last few weeks to spread the word that "Washington
(CNN) A storm barreling toward the Pacific island nation of Tonga could be the most powerful to ever hit the
(CNN) Uma Thurman is ready to share her story about Harvey Weinstein -- the disgraced movie mogul who stands accused
(CNN) White House officials and former Trump campaign aides embroiled in the Russia investigation could soon see their legal bills
(CNN) Twenty-two years ago, Joseph Bitetto's mother went into labor prematurely. EMTs raced to her home, administered first aid and
Hong Kong (CNN) A Hong Kong court has rejected an appeal by Rurik Jutting, the British banker jailed for murdering
Paul Hockenos is the author of "Berlin Calling: A Story of Anarchy, Music, the Wall and the Birth of the
(CNN) After another winter marred by soaring air pollution levels, India's government has announced new measures to help tackle the
Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump made a pitch Thursday to boost vocational education, but in the speech he seemed to
Washington (CNN) The House Democrats' retreat has been moved from Cambridge, Maryland, to the US Capitol so lawmakers can participate
(CNN) Sen. Bernie Sanders will join progressive groups in Iowa, Wisconsin and Michigan next week as part of a nationwide
(CNN) Before he was sentenced to 40 to 125 years in prison on Monday, Larry Nassar apologized to the court.
Story highlights Salah Abdeslam is the only known surviving suspect of the 2015 Paris attacks that left at least 130
Moscow (CNN) The Russian military has named the pilot shot down Saturday in Syria, opening an unusual window into Russian
(CNN) When Sri Lanka's government first looked to develop a port on its southern coast that faced the Indian Ocean,
Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump will host Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at the White House next month, the White
(CNN) Russia has admitted for the first time that it suffered heavy casualties in an ill-fated operation against US-backed forces
New York (CNN) Behind the scenes, a gun industry lobbyist provided comments that were directly incorporated into an internal memo
(CNN) ISIS claimed responsibility for a deadly attack on a Shiite militia group near the Iraqi city of Hawija over
Jessica Neuwirth is founder of Donor Direct Action, an international women's group which runs the Efua Dorkenoo Fund To End
Washington (CNN) Former FBI Director James Comey took to Twitter to weigh in as rumors swirl around the FBI's reported
Washington (CNN) The woman primed to become the first sitting senator to give birth in office wants to change Senate
Washington (CNN) Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said that the Trump administration's Middle East peace plan is "fairly well advanced"
(CNN) Oxfam has for the first time publicly released its internal report into the 2011 Haiti prostitution scandal which has
(CNN) It's not too late to put together that romantic Valentine's Day trip. Here are 12 lavish options . And
Washington (CNN) FBI Director Christopher Wray addressed FBI employees in an internal video, according to two people who have viewed
(CNN) Actor Reg E. Cathey, better known for his roles in the hit Netflix drama "House of Cards" and the
Washington (CNN) A team of military and law enforcement forensic experts has been formed to explore a site near Raqqa
Washington (CNN) Republican Sen. Rand Paul said Thursday he was effectively blocking a vote on a spending bill ahead of
Washington (CNN) A top Pennsylvania state Senate Republican is refusing to follow a court order requiring lawmakers to turn over
(CNN) The Trump administration attempted to restart a dialogue in December with Iranian officials on American prisoners being held in
Samantha Vinograd, a CNN national security analyst, served on the National Security Council during President Barack Obama's administration from 2009
(CNN) A United flight made an emergency landing in Honolulu on Tuesday after a piece of the cover came off
(CNN) If there's been one consistent thing about Donald Trump since he emerged as a presidential candidate in June 2015,
(CNN) President Donald Trump is promoting a conservative argument that he's been "victimized" by the Obama administration through its allegedly
Washington (CNN) Michael Cohen is known to the world as "President Trump's personal lawyer" but he seems to act more
(CNN) In 2016, Ava Olsen, then 6 years old, survived a shooting at her South Carolina elementary school. So did
Washington (CNN) Former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser Carter Page struggled to explain Tuesday how he could be an informal
(CNN) Colbie Holderness says she met Rob Porter at a Mormon student congregation in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Lifelong Mormons, they married
(CNN) How do you effectively satirize the most lampooned man on the planet? That's the daunting challenge facing "Our Cartoon
Washington (CNN) In response to the release of a Republican memo alleging that the FBI abused its surveillance tools, Democrats
Tokyo (CNN) Japan's Princess Mako and her commoner fiance Kei Komuro have postponed their highly anticipated engagement and wedding until
Nairobi, Kenya (CNN) As threats go, it wasn't very subtle.  Kenya's top newspaper published an obituary ad paying tribute
(CNN) House Republicans, who lobbied President Donald Trump to release a GOP memo alleging FBI misconduct, are now mum on
(CNN) Not many women in Saudi Arabia have a day similar to that of Manal Ghazwan and her two colleagues.
Peggy Drexler is a research psychologist and the author of "Our Fathers, Ourselves: Daughters, Fathers, and the Changing American Family"
(CNN) A divided Supreme Court tonight handed a partial victory to Republican legislators in North Carolina.  The justices granted
Washington (CNN) House Democrats attempted and failed to force a vote on the House floor criticizing Rep. Devin Nunes' memo
(CNN) Children complained about parents who were robbed of their personalities and turned into zombies. Residents remembered slurring their words
Washington (CNN) Rep. Devin Nunes is quickly becoming President Donald Trump's favorite lawmaker in Washington.  Trump singled out the
(CNN) — What's your definition of a beautiful moment?  Is it time spent with family, or a solitary walk?
Caryl M. Stern is president and CEO of UNICEF USA , an organization that supports UNICEF's work around the world.
Islamabad (CNN) Asma Jahangir, Pakistan's leading liberal voice and iconic rights activist, has died.  According to a statement from
(CNN) There is growing concern within the US military about the costs of President Donald Trump's proposed military parade and
Story highlights Airport closed after WWII bomb discovered nearby  Operations to remove the bomb are ongoing  (CNN) London
(CNN) Democrats are demanding answers from the White House chief of staff and counsel about former aide Rob Porter, who
NASA scientists hadn't heard from the satellite since 2005, after it abruptly stopped responding.  But earlier this month, an
(CNN) Hugh Grant has settled a phone-hacking case against British media company Mirror Group Newspapers.  In a statement to
Johannesburg (CNN) The South African Parliament postponed its annual State of the Nation Address Tuesday amid a growing clamor from
(CNN) United Nations human rights experts are investigating reports of alleged chlorine bomb attacks on civilians in two Syrian towns,
Washington (CNN) The White House is gripped with internal tumult over the handling of domestic abuse allegations against a top
(CNN) A contentious fight over immigration will dominate the agenda on Capitol Hill this week as the Senate is slated
(CNN) China is seeking to "undermine" the international order in the Asia Pacific, Adm. Harry Harris, US President Donald Trump's
Story highlights Two aid workers killed, one kidnapped, in eastern DRC.  Humanitarian workers must never be targeted, UN says.
Nairobi, Kenya (CNN) The Kenyan government continued to defy a court order to put four private television stations back on
Washington (CNN) When Hope Hicks is entrenched in the Oval Office battling the communications crisis of the day, Mercedes Schlapp
(CNN) Syrians attempting to flee violence and seek refuge in Turkey are facing indiscriminate fire by Turkish border guards, Human
(CNN) A suspect faces a capital murder charge in the death of a Richardson, Texas, police officer, jail records show.
Julián Castro isn't being coy about what his trip to New Hampshire next week to speak to young Democrats in
(CNN) Three men were taken into custody Wednesday after a vehicle attempted to enter the National Security Agency's headquarters in
New York (CNN) Convicted New York City bomber Ahmad Khan Rahimi was sentenced to multiple life sentences in prison by
Washington (CNN) The Justice Department will not have to release memos written by former FBI Director James Comey about conversations
(CNN) North Korea dismissed South Korea's "improper remarks" over the country's plans to hold a military parade before the Winter
Nairobi, Kenya (CNN) Three major Kenyan television channels remained off the air Friday despite a high court order compelling the
(CNN) US authorities have indicted 36 people for stealing more than $530 million from victims across the world in one
The House of Representatives voted 240-186. The GOP-controlled chamber needed help from House Democrats to clear the bill, and 73
Washington (CNN) A federal judge whose impartiality was questioned by then-candidate Donald Trump because of his Mexican heritage is set
Frida Ghitis, a former CNN producer and correspondent, is a world affairs columnist. She is a frequent opinion contributor to
Washington (CNN) A report released Tuesday by the Government Accountability Office found that US contributions to United Nations peacekeeping efforts
(CNN) — There are few destinations on Earth that rival the untamed wilderness and primal seclusion of Myanmar's Mergui Archipelago.
(CNN) London City Airport will remain closed through Monday after a World War II bomb was discovered by construction workers
(CNN) The former Navy SEAL who claims he fired the shot that killed Osama bin Laden is blasting President Donald
Rabbi Michael Schudrich says the law, which makes it illegal to accuse the Polish nation of complicity in crimes committed
Washington (CNN) Republicans have two new targets in their effort to discredit the dossier on Donald Trump and Russia written
(CNN) President Donald Trump's nominee to chair the independent agency tasked with adjudicating mine safety cases is a lawyer who
Susan Dunn is the Massachusetts Professor of Humanities at Williams College and the author of the forthcoming "A Blueprint for
Washington (CNN) A Republican senator's report questioning former President Barack Obama's involvement in the Clinton email investigation is in dispute
(CNN) Moments after Rob Porter resigned from his post as White House staff secretary on Wednesday, reporters received two very
CHICAGO (CNN) A police commander was fatally shot while responding to a call Tuesday in downtown Chicago, authorities said. 
(CNN) A Wisconsin teenager accused of stabbing a classmate in 2014 to win favor with a fictional internet character named
(CNN) Kurdish families huddle on blankets in a dimly lit cave. Others hide in the rubble of a bombed-out building,
Story highlights The actress makes offer to buy out Mississippi movie theater on Instagram  She says she wants "all
Munich (CNN) UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres has warned that a culture change is required to enable women across the world
(CNN) — There are a few questions that most people have about the lush Caribbean island of Nevis, all of
Washington (CNN) A new TV ad from a prominent conservative group slams Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, the Trump-appointed number
(CNN) Corporate interests gained "greater and greater control of American life," as the nation became more divided into haves and
(CNN) Four people have been shot and 18 injured after clashes erupted between migrants in the French port town of
Tom Z. Collina is policy director of Ploughshares Fund, an organization that aims to reduce the risk of the use
Washington (CNN) House Judiciary Chairman Bob Goodlatte is pushing the chief judge of the secretive Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to
Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump met with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein within the last hour over the Democratic intelligence
(CNN) Former White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci said he believes that a face-to-face interview between Donald Trump and special
Jill Filipovic is a journalist based in New York and Nairobi, Kenya, and the author of the book "The H-Spot:
Story highlights "Glenn Chin will be trapped in a prison of sorrow and guilt," his lawyer says  FBI: Chin
(CNN) Joe Arpaio, the former sheriff of Maricopa County, Arizona, who is now running for US Senate, is distancing himself
(CNN) There was President Donald Trump, on Monday, recounting the cold reception he received from Democrats during his State of
"Mr. Lee is not a Chinese spy, he's a loyal American who served his country in the military and in
Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump still isn't buying that Russia interfered in the 2016 election.  Even as his intelligence
Story highlights Kansas Secretary of State's Office said a dog can't run for governor of Kansas  (CNN) All Angus
Washington (CNN) South Carolina Republican Rep. Trey Gowdy said the recently released, controversial GOP memo alleging FBI abuses of its
Beijing (CNN) British Prime Minister Theresa May is signing trade agreements worth more than $12 billion (9 billion pounds) with
(CNN) Police say an Uber car dropped off Nikolas Cruz at his former school around 2:19 p.m. on Wednesday. 
(CNN) A Georgia police officer was killed and two sheriff's deputies were wounded Friday while trying to make an arrest,
(CNN) White House deputy chief of staff Jim Carroll, who has served in that role for nearly three months, is
(CNN) Vice President Mike Pence said he was "appalled" by the allegations of domestic abuse against top White House staffer
(CNN) Pledging she "will not shut up," US ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said Tuesday that the Trump
London (CNN) A British man has been indicted on terror charges for fighting against ISIS in Syria and Iraq. 
(CNN) Vice President Mike Pence is publicly criticizing Sen. Joe Manchin, a Democrat up for re-election this year in one
(CNN) The Justice Department Wednesday filed to dismiss its remaining charges against Sen. Bob Menendez, bringing the legal case that
Washington (CNN) After hitting an all-time low last month, President Donald Trump's approval rating has taken an upward swing --
Washington (CNN) A bipartisan group of roughly 20 senators that's been huddling behind closed doors for weeks is furiously working
(CNN) A 15-year-old boy accused of killing two students in a shooting at a Kentucky high school last month will
Photos: Jacob Zuma's embattled political career South African President Jacob Zuma was in office for nearly a decade. As head
(CNN) Late on Tuesday, casino magnate Steve Wynn stepped down as CEO from Wynn Resorts, citing the distraction caused by
(CNN) Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI says he "is on a pilgrimage toward Home" in a rare public letter published in
Washington (CNN) Senate Republicans on Monday night declared they would only allow immigration to be on the Senate floor for
Washington (CNN) Lawyers representing Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin say they have submitted a "robust response" to the findings of
(CNN) — It's a classic Lunar New Year scene: Family and friends huddled over a red and gold candy box,
Editor's Note —  (CNN) — "No moon, no blossom. Just me drinking sake, totally alone."  This melancholy haiku
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders was asked why President Trump decided to speak at the National Rifle Association's annual
Lagos, Nigeria (CNN) At least 24 people were killed Tuesday in twin bomb blasts in a mosque in northeast Nigeria.
(CNN) In any other political environment, headlines about the President of the United States' alleged affair with a porn star
Story highlights The new legislation sets a minimum price per unit  Research suggests that 392 lives could be saved
(CNN) Mother's Day is observed on the second Sunday in May in the United States. It is also celebrated in
The White House said the retrieval of President Trump's medical records from his New York physician's office did not constitute
Ruth Ben-Ghiat is a frequent contributor to CNN Opinion, and professor of history and Italian studies at New York University.
(CNN) Arizona public school teachers will end a walkout as early as Thursday if the state legislature approves a budget
He has called the probe a "witch hunt" and a "hoax" many times and, as recently this morning, tweeted that
Katherine McKenzie is the director of the Yale Center for Asylum Medicine and a Public Voices fellow with The OpEd
Washington (CNN) Kanye West likes only half of what President Trump does.  The half he likes? "The ability to
That was a Catholic high school's solution for girls who didn't follow its prom dress code.  It swiftly backtracked
(CNN) Everything that has anything to do with President Donald Trump and his health is surreal.  We've met two
(CNN) The House Republican duo targeting senior leaders at the Justice Department have a new demand for Deputy Attorney General
(CNN) MDMA -- the active ingredient in the banned street drug ecstasy -- is safe and enhances the treatment of
(CNN) Carl Higbie, a top staffer at an advocacy group closely aligned with President Donald Trump, said on a radio
(CNN) President Donald Trump took to Twitter on Tuesday morning to complain about the ongoing special counsel investigation into Russian
(CNN) It's the kind of photo that just stops you in your tracks. It's pictures of deer, walking through a
(CNN) The Terrus Museum in southern France has a little bit of a problem. Half of the paintings in its
Washington (CNN) A Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee said Tuesday that a reported Republican effort to impeach Deputy Attorney
Washington (CNN) The future of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program got murkier Tuesday when the Texas attorney general
(CNN) The UK's Royal Military Police are starting a major forensic search on a riverbank in northwest Germany 36 years
Washington (CNN) Health care activists have filed a lawsuit against Maine's Department of Health and Human Services and its commissioner
(CNN) A wildfire burning near Flagstaff, Arizona, has damaged or destroyed 41 homes, according to Matthew Rudig, spokesman for Coconino
Washington (CNN) Special counsel Robert Mueller is interested in asking President Donald Trump a variety of questions related to the
(CNN) Special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation began a year ago -- tasked with looking into Russian meddling in the 2016
(CNN) The Department of Justice on Monday filed complaints against 11 individuals believed to be members of the Central American
Seth B. Waxman, a partner at the Dickinson Wright law firm in Washington, served as a federal prosecutor in the
Washington (CNN) A National Enquirer cover story targeting Michael Cohen could be a strong sign President Donald Trump is upset
(CNN) The father of Meadow Pollack, one of the students killed in the Parkland, Florida, school shooting, filed a wrongful
Washington (CNN) Former CIA Director Michael Hayden downplayed on Tuesday Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's dramatic presentation in which he
Washington (CNN) A one-letter mistake on an official White House statement led to consternation and questions about official US policy
(CNN) Demonstrators across the globe took to the streets on Tuesday to demand better working conditions, as part of rallies
Beijing (CNN) A children's cartoon character has become an unlikely victim of China's ongoing push to clean up cyberspace. 
Washington (CNN) Don Blankenship, a Republican candidate for US Senate in West Virginia, is defending an ad his campaign released
(CNN) South Korea is dismantling a bank of loudspeakers along its border, which for years have been used to blast
Melbourne, Australia (CNN) Vatican treasurer Cardinal George Pell will stand trial on multiple counts of historical sexual abuse, the most
(CNN) One person has been confirmed dead after a huge fire engulfed and destroyed a building Tuesday in the Brazilian
Jerusalem (CNN) On a makeshift stage in Israel's Ministry of Defense, a high-walled, heavily guarded complex in the heart of
(CNN) When we think of people coming to the United States to escape danger and persecution, we tend to think
Beijing (CNN) The Dominican Republic has announced it has severed ties with Taiwan and switched its allegiance to China, reducing
(CNN) Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu offered a robust defense Tuesday of a dramatic presentation in which he accused Iran
Michael D'Antonio is author of the book "Never Enough: Donald Trump and the Pursuit of Success" (St. Martin's Press). The
Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump on Monday approved another month of relief from steel and aluminum tariffs for key allies,
(CNN) Actress Ashley Judd has sued Harvey Weinstein, alleging the disgraced former film executive made inflammatory statements about her that
Story highlights Screenwriting contest has launched  Kanye West tweeted about it  (CNN) If you've ever dreamed of writing
Nic Robertson is CNN's international diplomatic editor. The opinions in this article belong to the author.  (CNN) This week,
(CNN) In the weeks before he asked governors to send National Guard troops to help secure the United States-Mexico border,
(CNN) Here is a look at the life of John Kasich, Republican governor of Ohio and 2016 presidential candidate. 
(CNN) Back in the 2016 campaign, Donald Trump was asked who advised him on foreign policy and he answered: "My
Washington (CNN) Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein beat back questions about threats to the rule of law and defended the
Melbourne, Australia (CNN) Vatican Treasurer Cardinal George Pell faced his first appearance at a higher court Wednesday, one day after
(CNN) Some LGBTQ students at Spelman College, a predominantly African-American women's school in Atlanta, say that someone slipped hateful notes
(CNN) Former Donald Trump campaign aide Michael Caputo slammed the Senate Intelligence Committee's Russia investigation on Tuesday, charging that the
Washington (CNN) House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi predicted Tuesday that she will be elected speaker of the House again after
(CNN) Why is lettuce so often the culprit in illness outbreaks linked to the bacteria E. coli?  A total
(CNN) Changes to a decades-old federal program that provides birth control and other reproductive health care services to millions of
(CNN) Rep. Nancy Pelosi has settled a looming question heading into November's midterm elections: She will run for House speaker
Tijuana, Mexico (CNN) Gabriela Hernandez tried for weeks to memorize her aunt's phone number.  She'd written it on paper,
(CNN) A top aide to Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt directed staffers to consider opening an office in Pruitt's
It’s the last stop.  A caravan of Central American migrants, traveling through Mexico for the past month, has started
The Kentucky Department for Public Health has identified 400 cases since August and declared a statewide outbreak in November. 
(CNN) Police have arrested Zachary Cruz, the younger brother of Parkland, Florida, school shooter Nikolas Cruz, for allegedly violating the
Washington (CNN) In 2016, Don Blankenship was sentenced to a prison term for his role in a massive mining disaster
(CNN) The Republican-led legislature in Iowa has passed a bill that, if signed into law, will become the nation's most
Jerusalem (CNN) It was not only Israel's leader making an important presentation on Monday night.  While Benjamin Netanyahu was
Jeff Yang is a frequent contributor to CNN Opinion, a featured writer for Quartz and other publications and co-host of
(CNN) A Miami hospital's decision not to suspend a pediatric surgeon who was arrested on felony charges is renewing questions
Washington (CNN) A lobbyist and influential conservative activist were involved in planning two of Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt's
(CNN) Here's a look at Veterans Day, a holiday honoring men and women who have served in the US armed
Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump suggested Wednesday morning that questions by special counsel Robert Mueller's team about whether he obstructed
(CNN) President Donald Trump's recent attacks on Sen. Jon Tester will be brought directly to Montana voters through a new
(CNN) Hate groups that support neo-Nazism, racism, sexism or homophobia use virtually the same tools as any mainstream advertiser to
Photos: Photos: Americans honor fallen veterans Americans honor fallen veterans – Members of the military unfurl an American flag during
Washington (CNN) Sen. Marco Rubio said last week there's no evidence that the GOP tax plan's lowered corporate tax rate
(CNN) If President Donald Trump tries to elude an interview with special counsel Robert Mueller by exerting a claim of
Peter Zeidenberg is a partner at Arent Fox's White Collar & Investigations Practice, where he defends scientists and other individuals
(CNN) After Stephen Paddock opened fire on concertgoers from his perch stories above them, officers cautiously crept up a hallway
(CNN) The Pentagon has missed a deadline for coming up with new policies regarding detainees captured on the battlefield and
When Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton filed a lawsuit on behalf of seven states challenging the Deferred Action for Childhood
(CNN) Ethics watchdogs, federal auditors and congressional committees are conducting nearly a dozen inquiries into Administrator Scott Pruitt's actions at
Washington (CNN) Cambridge Analytica, the embattled data firm that worked on Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign, announced it is shutting
Washington (CNN) The Pentagon has delivered its recommendations for new policies regarding detainees captured on the battlefield and the transfer
(CNN) Michigan State University knew of allegations of "inappropriate remarks" made by Larry Nassar's one-time boss in 2015 but reinstated
(CNN) On Wednesday at 12:16 p.m. ET, ABC News tweeted out this quote from Ty Cobb, one of the lead
(CNN) A group of President Donald Trump's most ardent supporters in the House of Representatives have sent a letter to
(CNN) Claims by President Donald Trump's former physician that the President's representatives essentially forced him to surrender Trump's medical records
(CNN) There were two double-take moments involving current and former GOP policymakers this week that cast doubt on some of
(CNN) A political appointee at the Department of Health and Human Services has apologized and is now back at work
(CNN) Several thousand ancient artifacts are being returned to Iraq after they were falsely labeled as "tile samples" and illegally
(CNN) About 709,000 years ago, someone butchered a rhinoceros using stone tools on the Philippine island of Luzon. That may
Washington (CNN) Special counsel Robert Mueller raised the notion of subpoenaing President Donald Trump in at least one meeting with
White House counsel Don McGahn could leave his position in the coming months, according to sources familiar with White House
Washington (CNN) On Tuesday, Vice President Mike Pence was in Tempe, Arizona, to headline an event for the pro-Trump outside
(CNN) Yale has revoked the honorary degree it granted to comedian Bill Cosby, a first in the history of the
(CNN) Ahhh ... just thinking about why ice cream is so "addictive" brings with it cravings for the sweet frozen
(CNN) A Myanmar police officer who said two Reuters reporters accused of breaching the country's official secrets act were framed
(CNN) As a Washington, DC, police officer, Richard Wince knew firsthand about the dangers of black market gun sales and
(CNN) The man accused of killing five people and wounding six others at the Fort Lauderdale airport last year will
Carole Walker is a political analyst who worked as a political news correspondent for the BBC. The opinions in this
(CNN) Armenia's capital Yerevan was brought to a standstill on Wednesday as thousands of demonstrators blocked roads and danced in
(CNN) The prospects of President Donald Trump sitting for an interview with special counsel Robert Mueller appeared to dim this
(CNN) Two African-American men whose arrest at a Philadelphia Starbucks last month sparked protests over racial bias have reached agreements
Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump threatened Wednesday to "get involved" with the Justice Department's ongoing task of producing documents to
(CNN) Stephon Clark, an unarmed Sacramento man killed by police in March, was shot seven times, an autopsy released by
Washington (CNN) Lawmakers from both parties are lobbying House Speaker Paul Ryan to take steps to rescind his request that
(CNN) Rebel groups have agreed to surrender an enclave near Homs in western Syria, Syrian government media reported Tuesday. 
(CNN) A Florida family court judge on Tuesday granted custody to the father of a baby girl at the center
Washington (CNN) The US State Department issued a scathing rebuke of North Korea's human rights record on Wednesday, calling the
(CNN) A CNN analysis has found that embattled Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt paid himself nearly $65,000 in reimbursements
Fort Lauderdale, Florida (CNN) The brother of the Parkland, Florida, school shooter is suing several Broward County officials, saying they
(CNN) Rudy Giuliani's revelation in an interview with Sean Hannity Wednesday night that Donald Trump reimbursed his personal attorney Michael
(CNN) Wednesday's crash of an Air National Guard cargo plane in Georgia killed nine service members, bringing the number of
Friday's show brings you up to speed on an air pollution report by the World Health Organization and new developments
(CNN) Prosecutors have a venerable piece of advice that they often pass along to witnesses. "Always tell the truth," they
(CNN) Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani's admission Thursday night that President Donald Trump reimbursed attorney Michael Cohen for
Washington (CNN) A government watchdog group and a frequent critic of President Donald Trump are charging that Trump's acknowledgment that
Washington (CNN) Former President George H.W. Bush tweeted Thursday he had "not taken up residence" at the Houston hospital he
Indianapolis (CNN) Luke Messer says President Donald Trump deserves a Nobel Peace Prize. Todd Rokita is introducing a resolution to
The former New York City mayor, 2008 presidential candidate and longtime pal of President Donald Trump has been on the
(CNN) On Wednesday night, in the unlikeliest of places -- the cozy conservative comfort of Sean Hannity's show on Fox
(CNN) Experts from the world's chemical weapons watchdog hope to exhume the bodies of victims of an alleged chemical attack
(CNN) The institution that awards the Nobel Prize for Literature is mired in a sexual and financial scandal so deep
(CNN) The status of three Americans detained in North Korea remained unclear on Thursday as anticipation builds over their possible
(CNN) National Teacher of the Year award winner Mandy Manning came to the White House with one goal in mind:
(CNN) Marc Mukasey, a longtime ally of Rudy Giuliani, is in talks to possibly join President Donald Trump's legal team,
(CNN) At least 100 people have died and nearly 260,000 have been displaced by flooding in Kenya this month, the
(CNN) Stormy Daniels' former manager, who helped broker her confidentiality agreement, is cooperating with the FBI as part of its
Washington (CNN) A lobbyist who helped organize Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt's controversial trip to Morocco was also involved
(CNN) It's World Press Freedom Day . You can celebrate by checking out a wide variety of news outlets --
(CNN) Bill Cosby and Roman Polanski are no longer members of one of Hollywood's most important organizations.  The Academy
Washington (CNN) The White House is set to request for $11 billion to be cut from the federal budget Monday,
(CNN) Bela and Martha Karolyi, the couple who ran the famed Karolyi Ranch gymnastics training center in Texas, are suing
(CNN) A former campaign aide to Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens told investigators that the campaign falsely identified him in a
Michael Caster is a human rights advocate, researcher, civil society consultant and the editor of "The Peoples Republic of the
(CNN) The former California police officer believed to be the Golden State Killer on Thursday lost his bid to block
(CNN) Nine police officers were injured in an explosion late Wednesday when they responded to a home in North Haven,
Washington (CNN) Rudy Giuliani said Wednesday that President Donald Trump paid back his personal lawyer, Michael Cohen, the $130,000 in
(CNN) Rudy Giuliani's public comments about President Donald Trump and attorney Michael Cohen in the last 24 hours threw a
(CNN) Kanye West's recent comments outraged a lot of people this week. And there's one group who no longer wants
Doral, Florida (CNN) The Republican National Committee plans to name a host city for the party's 2020 convention by this
(CNN) — Puebla is the fourth-largest city in Mexico , just a two-hour drive from the capital (it's 67 miles,
(CNN) After being interviewed by special counsel investigators on Wednesday, former aide to Donald Trump's presidential campaign Michael Caputo told
Rick Perry is the US secretary of energy and former governor of Texas. The views expressed in this commentary are
(CNN) A 132-pound ovarian tumor was removed from a 38-year-old Connecticut woman this year, according to two doctors involved in
Washington (CNN) On the campaign trail, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is becoming the GOP's version of Nancy Pelosi: He
Washington (CNN) Former FBI Director James Comey defended the bureau on Thursday after Rudy Giuliani compared FBI agents to "stormtroopers"
Beijing (CNN) The widow of the late Nobel peace laureate Liu Xiaobo has made a desperate cry for help, friends
(CNN) Mahathir Mohamad, the former Malaysian prime minister turned opposition leader, is being investigated under a controversial anti-fake news law
(CNN) A 34-year-old Georgia man faces up to 20 years in prison after being found guilty in the beating of
Washington (CNN) Former GOP Rep. Blake Farenthold of Texas said in an open letter dated Wednesday that he would not
(CNN) A Southwest Airlines flight from Chicago to Newark, New Jersey, made an unplanned landing Wednesday after a window cracked,
(CNN) Chinese personnel at the country's first overseas military base in Djibouti have been using lasers to interfere with US
SAUL LOEB/AFP/Getty Images  President Trump hinted at putting on a show for the return of the Americans detained in
(CNN) The photo looks like a display table at a gun show: various handguns, shotguns and rifles strewn across a
James A. Gagliano is a CNN law enforcement analyst and a retired FBI supervisory special agent. He also is an
Washington (CNN) The US government recently froze funding for the Syrian search and rescue group known as the White Helmets
(CNN) If you have a Twitter account, listen up. The social media giant says you need to change your password
(CNN) Friday, May 4, is what is unofficially known as Star Wars Day . For those of you who (or
(CNN) Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, often seen as a fractured and undisciplined group, apparently has carried out its
Washington (CNN) Former White House press secretary Josh Earnest has landed a new job -- the chief spokesperson for United
Lagos, Nigeria (CNN) Africa's largest economy has moved to boost trade with China.  Nigeria, China have announced they will
(CNN) The search for Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 is one of the most extensive in history. And while the airliner
(CNN) A federal judge expressed deep skepticism Friday of special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation in the bank fraud case against
(CNN) Cyntoia Brown, who was sentenced to life in prison for killing the man who had bought her for sex,
(CNN) Broward County sheriff's deputies have followed up their largely symbolic vote of no confidence against embattled Sheriff Scott Israel
(CNN) The White House warned Beijing on Thursday that there will be consequences for its growing militarization in the South
(CNN) Here's how you get from Russian election meddling to North Korean meddling on a Fox News interview couch. 
President Trump at the NRA convention called attention to the "red flags" that were present before the Parkland school shooter
(CNN) President Donald Trump publicly undermined his attorney Rudy Giuliani on Friday , saying the former New York City mayor
(CNN) Esperanza was waiting for her cousins outside her high school in Mexico one day, when a strange man drove
For months, he had been demanding a fully uncensored version of a highly sensitive document from the Justice Department explaining
Washington (CNN) One of the nation's leading Catholic civil rights groups is calling for House Speaker Paul Ryan's chief of
(CNN) What we're seeing at the White House this week is damage control upon damage control upon damage control. And
Washington (CNN) The White House physician assigned to Vice President Mike Pence, Jennifer Pena, has resigned, his office told CNN
Euan McKirdy , CNN Written by  It's hard to imagine the humble bucket being a work of art, but
(CNN) Missouri House and Senate leaders announced Thursday night that they have gathered enough support from lawmakers to call the
(CNN) Everything and nothing has changed since the last time President Donald Trump addressed the National Rifle Association convention. 
Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump has requested options for reducing the number of US troops in South Korea, the New
San Diego (CNN) At least 158 Central Americans who traveled in a migrant caravan through Mexico have crossed into the
London (CNN) Britain's Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have revealed further details about their wedding -- including how the bride's
Jerusalem (CNN) Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas has apologized for remarks in a recent speech that were widely condemned as
(CNN) Here's a look at the life of Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.  Personal:  Birth date: September 21,
Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump said Friday that the southern border is "under siege" -- a day after his administration
Washington (CNN) Sam Clovis, a White House adviser on the US Department of Agriculture, is leaving the department, and his
Story highlights "May the 4th be with you" went from a pun to a hashtag to a holiday  Fans
Lagos, Nigeria (CNN) A Nigerian senator has invited American rapper Kanye West to visit slave ports in Africa for an
Washington (CNN) Amid heightened tensions with Russia, the US Navy announced Friday the re-establishment of the US Second Fleet which
(CNN) A Canadian man just had the best day ever.  Ping Kuen Shum woke up one day last week,
The Facebook page for Sequoia Security Group, the firm owned by Scott Pruitt's recently departed chief of security, posted a
(CNN) Oklahomans won't be able to carry guns without a permit or license after the governor vetoed a bill that
Washington (CNN) West Virginia Republican US Senate candidate Don Blankenship escalated his racial attacks on Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
(CNN) Ameen Rhayem could face up to a year in jail if he is charged with violating Lebanon's Article 534
Washington (CNN) When the Rev. Pat Conroy submitted his resignation letter as chaplain to the US House of Representatives on
(CNN) Here's a look at the life of John Hinckley Jr., who attempted to kill President Ronald Reagan in 1981,
(CNN) Iowa Gov. Kim Reynolds signed legislation on Friday that prohibits doctors from performing an abortion if a fetal heartbeat
(CNN) First, they embraced. Then South Korean President Moon Jae-in and his North Korean counterpart, Kim Jong Un, last month
Washington (CNN) Parkland shooting survivor and student activist Cameron Kasky called President Donald Trump a "professional liar" following the President's
Washington (CNN) Former Vice President Joe Biden recently took a trip to Arizona to visit Sen. John McCain, who is
Washington (CNN) The tornado that was Rudy Giuliani's media appearances this week -- plus personnel changes to President's Donald Trump's
(CNN) On Friday, President Donald Trump traveled to Texas to address the annual convention of the National Rifle Association. 
(CNN) President Donald Trump seemed to float a new idea about border control during a tax reform roundtable in Ohio.
(CNN) President Trump has yet to contact or publicly praise Waffle House hero James Shaw Jr.  "I haven't heard
New Delhi (CNN) Indian authorities on Sunday arrested the main suspect in the alleged gang rape of a 16-year-old girl
(CNN) Mars is about to get its first thorough checkup since it formed billions of years ago, as NASA's InSight
(CNN) Less than three months after a gunman walked into Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, killing 17 students and teachers,
(CNN) Seven miners were killed in a cave-in this week at a South African gold mine, the nation's President and
Trump came equipped with reassurances and a commitment to protecting gun owners' Second Amendment rights.  "Thanks to your activism
United Nations (CNN) A Trump administration nominee to lead the United Nations migration agency faced an onslaught of questions from
(CNN) In New Guinea, bands of brave warriors once used daggers crafted from bone to finish off their enemies in
Indianapolis (CNN) One of the top candidates in Indiana's GOP primary was labeled in the Republican National Committee's voter files
(CNN) Rudy Giuliani said Saturday that "there is a good chance" that three Americans detained in North Korea "will be
Washington (CNN) Former Secretary of State John Kerry has been engaging in shadow diplomacy to try to preserve the Iran
(CNN) A Russian company indicted by special counsel Robert Mueller says it plans to plead not guilty to the criminal
Washington (CNN) Two FBI officials who have faced scrutiny in recent months resigned from the bureau on Friday, sources familiar
San Diego (CNN) Gabriela Hernandez, the pregnant mother of two who was one of the first migrants from a recent
Beirut, Lebanon (CNN) Showered with rice, Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri takes the stage on the last day of campaigning.
(CNN) The sprawling Tinder Fire in Arizona has destroyed 33 primary homes and 54 minor structures since it was sparked
Washington (CNN) Barack Obama is done being on ballots, but there will be ample opportunities to support him in 2018.
(CNN) US President Donald Trump took aim at two of America's closest allies in a speech at the NRA convention,
Washington (CNN) Here are the stories our D.C. insiders are talking about in this week's "Inside Politics" forecast, where you
(CNN) The Iraqi air force has carried out airstrikes against "a position for ISIS commanders" south of Dashisha inside Syrian
Lagos, Nigeria (CNN) At least 45 people were killed in retaliatory attacks by armed bandits in a remote village in
Samantha Vinograd is a CNN national security analyst. She served on President Obama's National Security Council from 2009-2013 and at
Washington (CNN) The top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee said Sunday that he does not believe critical comments from
Washington (CNN) Kellyanne Conway, counselor to President Donald Trump, denied Sunday that the White House has a credibility crisis and
Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) Pakistan's Interior Minister, Ahsan Iqbal, was shot and wounded in his shoulder while attending a provincial assembly
Washington (CNN) Rudy Giuliani joined President Donald Trump's legal team last month, and in a whirlwind few days, he has
Washington (CNN) The Rev. Pat Conroy, the chaplain for the US House of Representatives, returned to the floor Monday to
(CNN) Here's a look at the life of Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas.  Personal:  Birth date: 1935  Birth
(CNN) Eleven Penn State fraternity members will head to trial over the death of Timothy Piazza, according to a Monday
(CNN) Here's a look at the life of Gabrielle Giffords, US Representative from Arizona 2007 to 2012.  Personal: 
(CNN) Check out the world's longest sea-crossing bridge (it's 34 miles!), which opens this summer in China. Here's what else
(CNN) Russia's Vladimir Putin took his vows in the Kremlin Monday to become President for another six years after winning
(CNN) On Monday morning, President Donald Trump took sides in the West Virginia Senate Republican primary. Trump didn't endorse a
(CNN) Fewer than half of registered voters turned up to cast their ballots in Lebanon's first parliamentary election in nine
Jerusalem (CNN) One week before the formal opening of the US Embassy in Jerusalem, the city has posted the first
(CNN) A second teenage girl is reported to have been raped and set on fire in the eastern Indian state
New Delhi (CNN) India's Supreme Court ruled on Monday that the trial of the men accused of the rape and
Washington (CNN) Maryland Republican Gov. Larry Hogan will sign a bill this week granting scholarships to low- and middle-income students
Story highlights Jeong used to practice as a doctor  He continued his show after the crisis  (CNN) He
(CNN) First lady Melania Trump has in recent weeks experienced a significant surge in support, a new CNN poll reveals,
Washington (CNN) The Trump administration has decided to refer every person caught crossing the border illegally for federal prosecution, a
Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump will announce his decision on whether the US will pull out of the Iran nuclear
Washington (CNN) UK Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson arrived in Washington on a full court press in defense of the Iran
(CNN) The number of Afghan security personnel, who are tasked with defending the war-ravaged country from a continuing insurgency, has
Lagos, Nigeria (CNN) The 1,000 hostages reported freed by the NIgerian army on Monday were rescued after a week-long battle
Charleston, West Virginia (CNN) President Donald Trump on Monday urged voters in West Virginia to reject controversial Republican Senate candidate
(CNN) — Move over glamping: when it comes to experiencing the great outdoors, bubble hotels are the next big thing.
Tokyo (CNN) The number of children in Japan has fallen for the 37th straight year in a row, a sign
Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump is growing frustrated that his administration is facing the prospect of another contentious confirmation battle
(CNN) A student's biggest dream is to walk across the stage during their school's commencement ceremony; getting rushed off the
(CNN) Boynton Beach police officers didn't crash John I. Leonard Community High School's prom Saturday night.  They weren't there
(CNN) The last president of apartheid South Africa is feeling a lot better about his country's prospects.  The scandal-tainted
Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump suggested Monday that "angry Democrats" on special counsel Robert Mueller's team could face legal action
Written by Hannah Ritchie, CNN Pontassieve, Italy Contributors Muhammad Darwish  In a sleepy town in Tuscany, over 8,000 kilometers
Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump announced on Tuesday the US will withdraw from the Iran nuclear deal , sparking outrage
Washington (CNN) Sen. Jon Tester said Tuesday he is not voting for Gina Haspel's nomination to be the next CIA
Washington (CNN) US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo arrived in Pyongyang Wednesday local time to continue preparations for President Donald
(CNN) Republicans angry with the Justice Department over not providing documents to Congress are urging President Donald Trump to intervene
(CNN) Former US Secretary of State John Kerry urged US President Donald Trump not to pull out of the Iran
(CNN) Here's a look at the life of Ban Ki-moon , former secretary-general of the United Nations .  Personal
(CNN) China's attempts to influence national affairs in Australia and New Zealand have to be taken seriously, former US Secretary
(CNN) After months of inaction and stalled momentum, Senate negotiators are breathing new life into the effort to pass sexual
CNN National Security Analyst John Kirby is a retired rear admiral in the US Navy who served as a spokesman
(CNN) They came, they saw and they failed to convince. In short order, Emmanuel Macron, Angela Merkel and Boris Johnson
(CNN) President Donald Trump announced Tuesday that the US is withdrawing from the Iran nuclear deal, arguing that remaining in
(CNN) What really separates the Eric Schneiderman #MeToo scandal from the rest of them is the truly astounding hypocrisy of
(CNN) The donations keep pouring in to Waffle House hero James Shaw Jr.'s campaign to help victims of last month's
Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump on Tuesday can land his most devastating blow yet on the legacy of Barack Obama,
Scott Jennings, a CNN contributor, is a former special assistant to President George W. Bush and former campaign adviser to
Washington (CNN) Three hours after allegations surfaced Monday night that he had physically and verbal abused four women in recent
Lagos, Nigeria (CNN) Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari has announced that he will travel to the United Kingdom to see his
Story highlights Two cases were confirmed, prompting the outbreak declaration  In the past five weeks, there have been 21
(CNN) Almost two-thirds of Americans -- 63% -- believe that the US should not withdraw from the agreement made with
Washington (CNN) Republican and Democratic House members on Tuesday grilled wholesale drug distributors during a House panel hearing investigating opioid
(CNN) People wanting to buy a new home in California may soon face an additional upfront expense -- solar panels
(CNN) We've all heard of "sanctuary cities" for immigrants. Now several counties in rural Illinois are using the same concept
Witness Rudy Giuliani.  The former New York City mayor has only been on the job as a member of
(CNN) Here is a look at the life of actor, author and advocate Michael J. Fox .  Personal: 
Photos: Mike Pence's political life and career Pence announces that the Centers for Medicaid and Medicare Services had approved the
Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump's scrapping of the Iran deal he inherited raised the stakes for a North Korean agreement
(CNN) For months, leaders from France, Germany and the United Kingdom -- key signatories to the six-nation negotiating group that
Basel, Switzerland (CNN) A 104-year-old Australian scientist who is set to end his life at a clinic in Switzerland later
New Delhi (CNN) A series of brutal rape cases in India has shocked the country to its core, placing the
Nic Robertson is CNN's international diplomatic editor. The opinions in this article belong to the author.  With the minutes
(CNN) — Deadly diseases like Ebola are only a plane ride away. In today's interconnected world, linked by transoceanic flights,
(CNN) Here are nine things to know about what the World Health Organization calls "one of the world's most virulent
Atlanta, Indiana (CNN) The farm animals on the Henderson farm are pets, not moneymakers, so don't be offended by the
(CNN) Here's a look at the life of Iranian President Hassan Rouhani .  Birth name: Hassan Feridon  Marriage:
(CNN) A Minneapolis piñata maker is apologizing for hanging pieces of his work -- piñatas which look like black people
(CNN) Here's a look at South Sudan, a landlocked country in east-central Africa, bordering Sudan , Ethiopia, Kenya, Uganda, Democratic
Washington (CNN) The US Air Force has ordered a one-day standdown for an "operational safety review" following a series of
Voters in Ohio, Indiana, North Carolina and West Virginia will go to the polls to select their nominees for November.
Mount Hope, West Virginia (CNN) In the final days of the Republican US Senate primary in West Virginia, what was
(CNN) The human papillomavirus or HPV spreads through intimate contact during sex with someone who is infected. In some women,
Richard Morgan is a freelance writer in New York and the author of " Born in Bedlam ." He has
Beijing (CNN) North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has paid a second visit to China in two months, meeting with
(CNN) Just when it seemed like the fury surrounding the chaplain for the US House of Representatives was over. 
Issac Bailey is an interim member of The Charlotte Observer editorial board and the 2016 James K. Batten Professor of
(CNN) Beijing and Tokyo marked a new high point in their diplomatic relations Wednesday as Chinese Premier Li Keqiang began
Washington (CNN) Donald Trump's exit from the Iran nuclear deal was one of the most significant moments of his presidency
Washington (CNN) Virginia Democratic Sen. Tim Kaine said Wednesday that "people will be held accountable" for unauthorized portions of a
(CNN) On the edge of our solar system is a cold, dark region containing asteroids, comets and icy objects, called
Moscow (CNN) The May 9 Victory Day parade is a major public ritual in Russia. It's a showcase of military
Lagos, Nigeria (CNN) Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari is under pressure to disclose the state of his health after he embarked
Carrie Sheffield, a conservative commentator, is the founder of Bold, a digital news network committed to bipartisan dialogue. The opinions
(CNN) New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman's remarkable fall from grace has left an unexpected opening in the state's top
Ankara, Turkey (CNN) A week before the formal opening of the US Embassy in Jerusalem , Turkish President Recep Tayyip
(CNN) Waves of asylum seekers continue to cross into Canada from the United States, drawing concerns that the numbers will
(CNN) All 10 Democratic members of the Senate Judiciary Committee are calling on President Donald Trump to withdraw his nomination
Washington (CNN) The first big primary night of 2018 is in the books.  It was tough going for some
Washington (CNN) The day after losing West Virginia's Republican Senate primary, ex-convict and coal baron Don Blankenship took one more
Washington (CNN) Saudi Arabia's foreign minister told CNN on Wednesday that his country stands ready to build nuclear weapons if
(CNN) Starting this month, if you get stopped by a police officer in New York City and are not arrested,
Don't ask Gina Haspel, President Donald Trump's nominee to run the agency, because she doesn't have a clear answer --
(CNN) House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes and fellow GOP committee member Trey Gowdy have been invited to the Justice
(CNN) Many soon-to-be graduates are ready to close the door on high school, but Gabrielle Anzalone has her mind set
Washington (CNN) The 2018 political season kicked off in earnest on Tuesday with voters in four states -- Indiana, Ohio,
(CNN) Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy said he plans to ban bump stocks and other gun enhancements that increase the rate
Washington (CNN) Donald Trump Jr. accused Twitter of censoring a tweet Wednesday. It would be a shocking claim if true,
(CNN) President Donald Trump's decision Tuesday to scrap the Iran nuclear deal and his parallel pursuit of securing an agreement
Washington (CNN) The release of three Americans held in North Korea gives the Trump administration a feel-good foreign policy victory
(CNN) Hawaii's Kilauea volcano appears to be mimicking behavior last seen in 1924, when it morphed from producing slow-moving lava
Here's a look at the life of former Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal.  Personal:  Birth date: June 10, 1971
Timothy Stanley is a historian and columnist for Britain's Daily Telegraph. He is the author of "Citizen Hollywood: How the
(CNN) US President Donald Trump has walked away from the Iran nuclear deal , breaking with allies in Europe and
Charleston, West Virginia (CNN) When Don Blankenship took to the stage hours after polls closed to concede the West Virginia
Marc Lourdes is a former Asia director of CNN Digital now based in Kuala Lumpur. Follow him on Twitter at
Washington (CNN) Sen. Kamala Harris came out against President Donald Trump's pick to lead the CIA, Gina Haspel, on Wednesday,
(CNN) Gina Haspel, President Donald Trump's pick to be the next CIA director , pledged Wednesday she would not restart
(CNN) Congrats to James Paxton. The Canadian-born Seattle Mariners pitcher threw a no-hitter last night against the Toronto Blue Jays
Washington (CNN) Rep. Tony Cardenas may hold on to his leadership positions despite facing allegations that he sexually assaulted a
(CNN) The lawyer representing adult film star Stormy Daniels sought to ratchet up the pressure on Donald Trump's personal lawyer
Editor's Note — CNN Travel's series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile. However, CNN retains
Washington (CNN) A former CIA officer has been charged with unauthorized possession of classified material and conspiring to commit espionage,
Yvonne Chiu is a visiting scholar at the Institute for Advanced Study (Princeton, NJ), and formerly an assistant professor at
(CNN) Earlier this week, three black Airbnb guests checked out of their rental only to be met by seven police
Hoi An, Vietnam (CNN) New Yorker Neal Bermas had traveled around the world, but Vietnam literally stopped him in his
Joel K. Goldstein, the Vincent C. Immel Professor of Law at St. Louis University, is the author of two books
YJ Fischer served at the State Department from 2012-2016. She co-wrote the 2016 Democratic Party platform and served on the
(CNN) A 19-year-old Sudanese woman has been sentenced to death for fatally stabbing the man she was forced to marry,
Washington (CNN) Rudy Giuliani said Thursday President Donald Trump's new lawyers have not held a lengthy prep session with the
Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump will meet with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un on June 12 in Singapore, the
Washington (CNN) A lifestyle magazine is apologizing after Monica Lewinsky said she was disinvited from its annual social change summit
Washington (CNN) White House aide Kelly Sadler responded to Sen. John McCain's opposition to President Donald Trump's pick for CIA
(CNN) President Donald Trump worked to project party unity and forward momentum during a political rally in Elkhart, Indiana, on
(CNN) George F. Will is not the guy you'd think would be responsible for delivering the most devastating takedown of
Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump tweeted Thursday that five of the "most wanted" ISIS leaders have "just" been captured. 
(CNN) President Donald Trump's oldest son, Donald Trump Jr., is gearing up for a more involved role in the 2018
Washington (CNN) A group of GOP moderates' move to try force a DACA debate on the floor still has several
(CNN) In the White House's fight to confirm Gina Haspel to be the next CIA director, a familiar voice of
Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump is heading to the Indiana city that Barack Obama took credit for reviving from the
A new exchange of fire between old enemies threatens to affect regional stability in the Middle East. The date is
Washington (CNN) The law firm that Rudy Giuliani formerly worked for, Greenberg Traurig, released a statement on Thursday rejecting his
Washington (CNN) California Sen. Kamala Harris said in a tweet Thursday she plans to support her fellow Democratic colleague Cory
Story highlights Former President Carter said exiting the Iran nuclear deal sends mixed signal to North Korea  President and
Washington (CNN) The Democratic National Committee is eyeing eight American cities for its 2020 Democratic National Convention, a party official
Kuala Lumpur (CNN) Veteran Malaysian politician Mahathir Mohamad has become the world's oldest leader after a shock victory in the
(CNN) The killing of four American soldiers in Niger in October drew attention to the role of US troops in
Washington (CNN) A group of women who have publicly accused President Donald Trump of sexual harassment and assault detailed their
(CNN) House Speaker Paul Ryan is backing House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes in his latest feud with the Justice
Washington (CNN) Defense Secretary James Mattis may have come to terms with President Donald Trump's decision to quit the Iran
(CNN) Here is a look at Mahathir Mohamad, Prime Minister of Malaysia.  Personal:  Birth date: December 20, 1925
Spencer Feingold , CNN Written by  A painting by the Mexican artist Diego Rivera has become the highest-priced Latin
Washington (CNN) A Maryland Democratic gubernatorial candidate died suddenly Thursday morning after experiencing cardiac arrest, authorities said.  Baltimore County
Photos: History of stem cells Experts in the field of regenerative medicine believe one of the first areas of success
(CNN) Malaysians woke Thursday to the shocking news that former Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad had kicked his one-time protege, Najib
(CNN) A US investment firm thrust into the spotlight because of its payment to President Donald Trump's personal lawyer has
President Trump, speaking in Elkhart tonight, said his relationship with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is good.  "I'll
Washington (CNN) Sen. John McCain called on the Senate to reject Gina Haspel's nomination to be the director of the
(CNN) A white South Carolina man is accused of trying to hire a hit man through a white supremacist group
Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump's new attorney, Rudy Giuliani, told CNN on Thursday that Trump "wasn't aware" his longtime personal
(CNN) Shamika Burrage survived a near-fatal car accident two years ago, but not without losing something pretty important: her left
Joint Base Andrews, Maryland (CNN) Under an American flag and dark night sky, US President Donald Trump personally welcomed home
Washington (CNN) A nurse has been charged in the death of H.R. McMaster Sr., the father of President Donald Trump's
(CNN) A 104-year-old Australian scientist who had campaigned for the legalization of assisted dying in his home country has ended
Written by Matthew Ponsford, CNN  There's a word in Norwegian for when the horizon vanishes, an illusion on a
(CNN) When an engine failed on a Southwest Airlines flight last month, pilot Tammie Jo Shults didn't panic. Instead, she
Washington (CNN) Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer invoked first lady Melania Trump's "Be Best" initiative in a response to President
(CNN) Rudy Giuliani has resigned from his law firm, Greenberg Traurig, in order to concentrate on his legal work for
(CNN) A majority of cannabis dispensaries in Colorado recommended their products to women posing as pregnant customers with morning sickness,
Washington (CNN) Independent Sen. Angus King said Thursday that he opposed Gina Haspel's nomination to lead the CIA following her
Washington (CNN) The modified Boeing 757 had taken off from Andrews Air Force Base outside Washington late Monday night, bound
Colorado Springs (CNN) A lot has changed on the Korean peninsula in just matter of months -- threats of fire
Washington (CNN) Former Vice President Joe Biden said Friday that "decency" in the White House had hit "rock bottom" following
(CNN) A key Democratic senator is joining at least one other lawmaker Friday in requesting that pharmaceutical giant Novartis turn
Phoenix (CNN) For Rana Singh Sodhi, not forgiving the man who murdered his brother wasn't an option.  Sodhi lost
Peter Bergen is CNN's national security analyst, a vice president at New America and a professor of practice at Arizona
(CNN) A motorist who previously served time for murder was charged Thursday with fatally stabbing a Missouri Air National Guard
(CNN) Malaysia's new Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad said Friday that the country's head of state had agreed to pardon jailed
(CNN) Sen. Joe Manchin's efforts to address opioid addiction are the main focus of a new ad from Senate Majority
Jerusalem (CNN) One Palestinian was killed and hundreds injured by Israeli forces on Friday during protests along the border of
Washington (CNN) The Congressional Hispanic Caucus has no plans to ask Rep. Tony Cárdenas to vacate the chairmanship of its
The Rev. Jesse Jackson is founder and president of the Rainbow PUSH Coalition and recipient of the Presidential Medal of
(CNN) Whatever the outcome of Iraq's May 12 parliamentary elections, female candidates are guaranteed at least 25% of the seats,
MARGOT Robbie slipped back home to Australia over the weekend as she reveals she wants to take her mother to
DAYS after Stuart Kelly died by suicide his parents got a disturbing call from St Paul’s College at Sydney University,
IF she chose to run, Oprah could breeze past Donald Trump in a presidential race — however many don’t want
THE father of a 16-year-old boy shot by Queensland police has broken down in tears as he faced court charged
HARRI the galah, who made headlines after stowing away aboard a luxury cruise ship, has been reunited with her family
THE foster father charged with the murder of Queensland schoolgirl Tiahleigh Palmer, 12, will apply to have a rare judge-only
WITH her infectious smile and goofball energy, Greta Gerwig is one of those actors many people remember but can’t necessarily
POLICE are hunting a Bandido and a Black Uhlans bikie who they claim were in on a million-dollar-plus investment scam
A DOWNED Russian pilot yelled, “This is for our guys!”, before killing himself with a grenade to avoid capture by
CHARLIE’S Trousers, foot falcon and Mount Isa by the sea, do these words mean anything to you?  They refer
DONALD Trump has savaged the FBI over the Florida school shooting, indicating that the probe into possible Russian interference in
ON the 30th anniversary of the destruction of Brisbane's historic Cloudland Ballroom, its chief destroyer, George Deen, says the icon's
A SUNSHINE Coast community is in mourning following the sudden, tragic death of 17-year-old Serena Stanley.  The much-loved Maleny
HER colourful streetscapes have brought Brisbane to life.  They’ve appeared in galleries, cafes, schools, hospitals, on traffic signal boxes,
PRESIDENT Donald Trump has nominated Harry Harris, America’s top commander in Asia, as US ambassador to Australia.  Admiral Harris
A 15-YEAR-OLD girl feared to have run off with a “much older man” she met on Snapchat, has been found
THE state-of-the art vessel tasked with finding missing Malaysia Airlines flight 370 mysteriously switched off its Automatic Identification System (AIS)
FORMER Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton is coming to Australia to talk about her future plans after losing the 2016
MANGO Hill State School was put into lockdown for a number of hours this morning as police continue searching for
INFLUENTIAL travel bloggers with hordes of followers could be the key to tourism destinations like Townsville attracting viral fame on
A TEENAGE survivor of the mass shooting in Florida who was attacked in a series of tweets that were liked
REALITY star Blac Chyna has gone to the police after a sex tape she appears in leaked online.  Chyna’s
SANDGATE RSL Memorial Club is still in limbo without a tenant or a buyer for the club’s assets.  Several
WARNING: Graphic content  A CENTRAL Queensland man who filmed himself having sexual interactions with his dog has failed in
MARRIED At First Sight’s Davina Rankin has blamed the editing of the show for portraying her as a villain. 
North Lakes is one of the top three outer Brisbane areas where property prices are appealing to more homebuyers, new
THE Courier-Mail was last night recognised for its powerful coverage of major news events after being crowned News Corp Australia’s
THE cash-strapped Queensland Government is set for a windfall of up to $38 million with a move to finally sell
AN INTERSTATE truck driver has been charged with driving under the influence of liquor or a drug and failing to
A BRAVE, canny and extremely quick canine has enjoyed an incredible escape from a menacing wolf pack in thick snow
AN exclusive East Brisbane martial arts club will erupt into a melting pot of all things oriental when the Chinese
A MURDERER who knifed a teen to death posted a chilling Facebook tribute to his victim — just hours after
USING a fashionable ring on your finger is all it takes to make a payment.  Leaving home without your
THE Minister formerly responsible for the Oakden aged care home has pulled out of the state election before the findings
TERRORISTS have been using “explosive-packed bicycles” to kill dozens of people, says a security expert who believes we are “sleepwalking
IT’S one of the most pervasive rumours to have dogged the British Royal family - suggestions that Prince Harry’s biological
CONCERNS were raised that a senior contractor involved in delivering a new health payroll system met with a key bidder
US President Donald Trump wants to talk to special counsel Robert Mueller as part of the US special counsel’s probe
THE devastated husband of a terminally ill mum has launched a desperate appeal for people on social media to complete
AFTER hundreds of students at a Brisbane school were caught up in a row about breaches of uniform policy, Queensland’s
WANT to win a war? Build a better gun. Now China appears to have taken a huge stride ahead of
A SENIOR hydrologist said the majority of the water that flooded Brisbane and Ipswich last January came from the Wivenhoe
A MAN accused of murdering his toddler 10 years ago will stand trial in the Supreme Court.  Shane Arthur
CHINA could be developing a terrifying ship-mounted rail gun that could significantly upgrade the country’s naval warfare capabilities.  Experts
A DAY after Uma Thurman claimed Quentin Tarantino “tried to kill her” in a scene filmed for the movie Kill
THE first treatment to help prevent serious allergic reactions to peanuts may be on the way.  On Tuesday, California-based
A TRAGIC event has seen a student electrocuted while using her charging mobile phone as the headphones ‘melted in her
A KIWI who escaped a jail sentence for coward-punching a teenager is in a detention facility right now as Australian
THE MINING, resources and energy industries were labelled the ‘fastest growing’ on SEEK in late 2017 and are showing no
JOSEE Kelly is a beautiful little girl her parents hope will change people’s views on Down syndrome.  The cheeky
RESIDENTS of Charleville have taken to social media, sharing photos and videos of the gusty storm which blanketed the outback
GABE Watson says he keeps a photo of his deceased wife next to that of his new wife.  Mr
TV STAR Heather Locklear has been arrested on allegations of domestic violence and assaulting a police officer.  Police responded
BRITISH reality star Vicky Pattison postponed her wedding for the chance to be crowned queen of the jungle a second
THE cloud of doubt hanging over University of the Sunshine Coast’s Petrie campus has been lifted this week with almost
A BRISBANE bike shop has offered a $5000 reward for the return of a one-of-a-kind electric bike that was stolen
THE woman who accused Barnaby Joyce of sexual harassment has been named as a former recipient of the West Australian
THIS photo shows something that many passengers are guilty of doing — and it enrages the flight attendants who have
FORMER Trump aide Rick Gates, who acted as deputy to Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort, pleaded guilty on Friday to
THE mountain bike fraternity has condemned efforts to build tracks at Whites Hill Reserve.  As reported in last week’s
AN AMERICAN police officer has been sacked in relation to a controversial T-shirt he wore in a picture on his
A KIWI who escaped a jail sentence for coward-punching a teenager is about to be deported back to New Zealand.
A DOG off-leash beach at Manly is unlikely to appear any time soon as environmental concerns and state verse council
JOURNALIST Madonna King will chair the Queensland Anti-Bullying Task Force which will provide the government with expert advice on how
FORMER Greens senator Larissa Waters plans to recontest the seat she was forced to give up because she was a
A BOWL of rice and a bunny rabbit, side-by-side. On the surface, this pair of emojis looks ordinary enough. 
FLOOD victims have been urged to check their insurance policies in the wake of a Supreme Court decision overturning an
LOOKING back on my tweets over the past 12 months I see that one cut of meat dominated my most
EVE Jobs, the youngest daughter of late Apple founder Steve Jobs, is living it up.  The 19-year-old, who shows
IT HAS been 73 long days since Tracy Richards lost her teenage son, Shaun Relph-House, 17, in a ­horrific car
IT’s a next generation combat jet of many names.  It was the PAK FA. It was the T-50. Now
A MAN considered Australia's most dangerous living serial sex predator has asked Queensland's highest court to revoke his four never-to-be-released
A BRAND new species of arachnid that looks like a spider with a tail has been discovered in Myanmar. 
OPINION  No industry congratulates itself more than tech.  It’s an easy premise to buy: What else has so
CONTROVERSIAL boxer Anthony Mundine has let rip on an explosive rant about homosexuality, saying it is forbidden in his religion
EXTRA roadside drug tests will be conducted to catch dangerous drivers on ice as new services are rolled out across
ONE nation. One party. One man.  Xi Jinping wants China to be great again.  And he’s the one
THE victim of a dog mauling fears a child could be killed if the same dog attacked again.  Marie
A WANNABE property developer who claimed more than $1.1 million in bogus GST refunds for three fake businesses on the
THE State Government is investigating concerns raised by Carina Heights residents in last week’s South-East Advertiser about possible asbestos pollution
PARENTS and children walked out of Fortitude Valley State School clearly emotional yesterday as it shut its gates for the
SHE was the glamorous heiress to a newspaper and magazine fortune in a family accustomed to wealth, power, political clout
POLICE still don’t know exactly what led to the deaths of two people celebrating Australia Day at a remote Queensland
MONEY talk is becoming mainstream, helping to prompt more Australians to improve their financial health.  A greater willingness to
SUNRISE host Samantha Armytage has hit out a Fairfax Media for publishing, what she describes, as “one of the most
60 MINUTES reporter Charles Wooley has hit back at claims his interview with Kiwi Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern was “creepy”
AN AMERICAN sixth-grade teacher said he learned a valuable lesson on kindness with a special note from one of his
IF YOU are single this Valentine’s Day and jumping on Tinder seems like too much effort, you could always just
AN electrical engineer and father of four who went missing while rowing on the Brisbane River early this morning has
ELON Musk didn’t just send a car into space overnight. He confirmed the truth about, well, Earth.  It might
EMERGENCY crews have staged 11 swift-water rescues and a stranded mother has carried her young children to safety after storms
AN ALLEGED million dollar cattle scam spanning two states has been shut down by Queensland Police.  Two central Queensland
A HISTORIC code, once used as the way one of Spain’s most famous monarchs and a military commander communicated, has
HOLLYWOOD star Kate Hudson has landed in the Sunshine State, and will look to inspire a sold-out Brisbane crowd when
AT THE height of the Cold War, the US prepared for a possible battle with the Soviet Union by using
AN AUSTRALIAN-first study of medicinal cannabis as a treatment for the debilitating neurological condition Tourette syndrome is set to be
A SEX worker who strips in clubs and sells porn online believes her job makes her a better mum. 
THE author of the explosive new Donald Trump biography Fire And Fury has taken his cue from the title and
THE US navy has bought two incredible laser cannons that are capable of blasting drones out of the sky. 
A HORSE rider has recounted the “terrifying” moment a large dog launched a vicious attack on her horses at Nudgee
OUTGOING Speaker Peter Wellington will not refer his successor Curtis Pitt to the Ethics Committee over allegations he misled the
KERRY Armstrong has revealed the heartbreaking story of how she lost her first love.  At the age of 23
A FORMER accountant condemned for fatally shooting his two young daughters while their mother listened helplessly on the phone has
SANDGATE teen Sudhesh Somu is shaping up for the Queensland middle weight title this Saturday in the Rumble at the
A BRITISH man flew his girlfriend to Northern Ireland for a Red Hot Chili Peppers concert on Valentine’s Day week
A trip to Lima takes in visits to three of the world’s top 50 restaurants of the year – and
AN AUSTRALIAN company has struck a deal with NASA that will see them work together build an experimental rover, which
WITH Lisa Curry and Grant Kenny as parents, it shouldn’t come as a surprise that Jett Kenny has the ripped
THE new principal at St John Fisher College was officially welcomed at a special assembly at the school this week.
A STRAIN of gonorrhoea that is resistant to antibiotics and can cause infertility is spreading rapidly in Australia.  Dubbed
SUPERVOLCANOS are scary.  They don’t work like other volcanoes. They’re huge — but thin — patches of the Earth’s
SHOCKING footage has shown a violent pub brawl erupt in a UK bar as patrons smashed chairs over each other
WHEN women ask their hairdresser for a “Trump”, they are not asking for a sandy comb-over — they’re referring to
JENNIFER Lawrence has shut down chatter about ‘Hollywood’s double standards’ and told everyone to “get a grip” after controversy erupted
THE ABC has expressed its disappointment over the withdrawal of a controversial panel member for its special #MeToo edition of
UPDATE: Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk said she was deeply concerned by Mr Pyne’s actions.  “Those actions appear to have been
IT WAS 24 hours of pain for a lot of gain for six Solander Lake Bowls Club members.  Alex
FOR all his zany public exploits, Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin was a passionately private man when the cameras were turned
JUST when the “special relationship” seemed to be back on track, President Trump has sparked a wave of anger in
A BRISBANE man has been accused of killing his South American girlfriend by throwing her from a 13th-floor apartment in
JOHN Stamos has married his fiancee Caitlin McHugh less than 24 hours after thieves reportedly stole more than US$200,000 of
MELBOURNE Cup winning jockey Shane Dye mouthed the words "I'm sorry" then cried when he saw the woman he left
FROM gin distillers to energy-boosting mouth strips, opportunities are popping up for investors to grab stakes in start-up Australian businesses
A QUEENSLAND woman has made history as the oldest Australian female to fall pregnant naturally and give birth to a
JUMP aboard the shuttle bus of the future for a free ride next week at Orion Lagoon.  The buses
RUSSIA appears to have sent two of its most modern stealth fighter jets to Syria.  Footage circulating out of
STAFF at a Gold Coast novelty store described bongs as cream pourers and decanters when raided by environmental health officers,
IT’S the most coveted job in Queensland, with a waiting list a mile long, and believe it or not, it
AN AUSTRALIAN gun store worker says he’s tired of being abused every time a criminal does something wrong — and
A NEWMAN Government assistant minister was given a watch similar to one worn by the Duchess of Cambridge from a
LOGAN could soon become the “go-to” spot for boutique breweries, coffee bars and cheesemakers, after Logan City Council decided to
QUEENSLAND could be deemed “unfavourable” for tourism with extreme weather events, such as heatwaves, storms and bushfires, predicted to affect
STATE primary schools have held their own in NAPLAN, matching private schools in the annual literacy and numeracy tests. 
THE southern suburbs ­district has three new police liaison officers.  Nasra Aden, Ricky Lashand and Yen Nguyen have started
A NORRIS Road State School student with hearing difficulties has a whole new lease on school life thanks to a
AN Iranian commercial plane crashed overnight in a foggy, mountainous southern region of the country, killing all 66 people on
US PRESIDENT Donald Trump has lashed out at one of the 19 women who had accused him of sexual assault
DETECTIVES have launched a murder investigation after a man was found dead at a Coolangatta apartment this morning.  Detective
THREE Chilean men charged with armed robbery will remain in custody until next week.  Isaac Alexis Ibanez-Briceno, 40, appeared
MEET Coda – the dog who can withdraw cash from an automatic teller machine.  This remarkable Golden Retriever can
QUENTIN Tarantino has spoken out on Uma Thurman’s horrifying car crash on the set of Kill Bill branding it one
A RUSSIAN passenger plane carrying 65 passengers and six crew crashed minutes after taking off from Moscow’s Domodedovo International Airport,
SCAMS that hijack the world’s most popular browser, Google Chrome, are making the rounds again.  It starts with a
A SEVERE thunderstorm warning has been cancelled after storms rolled across parts of Queensland this afternoon, bringing damaging winds. It
I REMEMBER it clearly: in January of 2012, I fell in love with Michael Fassbender. I can pinpoint the exact
ALMOST 30 times the recommended fluoride was accidentally added to Brisbane water supplies two weeks ago.  Premier Anna Bligh
THE honeymoon is officially over for celebrities and social media.  Just ask Sarah Jessica Parker.  On February 6,
A GLOWING Kate Middleton used a stunning print dress to show off her baby bump as she entertained guests at
TWELVE years ago two cats were dumped on the foreshore in Botany, near Sydney airport.  In the years since
A FINANCIALLY struggling young mother has been jailed for three years for embezzling more than $120,000 to make ends meet
A SUSPECT in the bloodthirsty assassination of polarising leader Malcolm X has taken to Instagram on the anniversary of the
THE Bureau of Meteorology has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for parts of Queensland, with beaches closed and major delays
AS A young and up-and-coming journalist in the early 1990s, Naomi Robson was only too happy to help out when
WITHOUT chemotherapy or radiation, Shona Leigh survived cancer and she knows something she refuses to keep quiet about.  “I
DONALD Trump says he will push for tighter gun laws after the grieving father of a teenage girl shot dead
CANADIAN author Margaret Atwood has suggested that men need etiquette guidebooks when it comes to treatment of women.  Speaking
WOOLWORTHS is said to be aisles ahead of its competitors after analysts forecast the Australian supermarket giant’s sales would continue
PET-loving Japanese consumers are snapping up Queensland-made animal treats for their dogs and rabbits.  Husband and wife team Russell
ONLY one in four young Australian women are offended by wolf-whistling in the street.  New research out today from
US PRESIDENT Donald Trump is under fire after again seeming to side with his staff who have been accused of
AS an actor, Greta Gerwig is mistress of the awkward moment.  Her self-absorbed characters’ social gaffes cause us to
RUSSELL Crowe is ready to move on from his estranged wife Danielle Spencer.  Sotheby’s Australia will host an auction
MORE than 60 passengers on a Malindo Air flight from Bali arrived in Brisbane to discover all their luggage was
KAREN Lang isn't sure she can ever entirely forgive the woman who stabbed her 15-year-old daughter Jessica to death in
A NORWEGIAN man has been found not guilty of killing “the love of his life” with a kitchen knife at
A TEENAGER who was shot by police responding to reports of a domestic dispute at a home southwest of Brisbane
SOUTHEAST Queensland has been battered by another round of severe thunderstorms, with large hailstones, damaging winds and more than 5000
PROSECUTORS have requested additional time to build the brief of evidence against a Queensland mother accused of murdering her children.
FEDERAL Labor parliamentarian and former union leader Bill Shorten has left his wife for the daughter of the new Governor-General,
BRIDGET Malcolm has called out the fashion industry, saying the system manipulated models into accepting inappropriate behaviour.  The 26-year-old
AN OFF-DUTY lifeguard plunged into cyclonic seas to save a woman from being smashed on rocks at Noosa, in the
AUSTRALIAN sailor Lewis Bennett has been charged with the second-degree honeymoon murder of his wife.  US authorities allege he
A TAXI driver is accused of sexually assaulting two women in the Darling Downs late last year and last month.
SHE'S always been a tourist attraction but now the Whitsunday Magic tall ship is famous for all the wrong reasons.
THE Daintree’s endangered cassowaries – under threat from pigs, dogs, cars and crocodiles – may be thrown the lifeline of
ONE of the biggest differences between the Turnbull Government and the Shorten-led Opposition is their views on tax cuts for
A DECADE or so ago, misery memoirs were all the rage. The worse your childhood, the better your book sold.
THE US embassy in the capital of Montenegro has instructed people to avoid the area after reports of a grenade
WILL Smith came off second best when he tried his first ever meat pie during a recent trip to Australia.
DRIVE-by beatings and random 'swarming' attacks by teens armed with knives and poles are leaving a bloody trail across southeast
BARRING a miracle, the city of Cape Town — one of South Africa’s largest economic hubs and a popular international
JULIAN Assange has been granted a final “crack” at freedom after a judge agreed to consider whether a 2012 arrest
EGYPTIAN archaeologists are hailing the discovery of a 4,400-year-old tomb near the pyramids outside Cairo.  Antiquities Minister Khaled al-Enany
EVERYTHING was going according to routine.  The NOAA pollution-detecting flight was flying its well-worn track seven kilometres high in
THERE is never a dull day at Brisbane’s lost property unit, with a gun, drugs and even a lightsaber among
FIVE federal MPs including Barnaby Joyce have been ruled ineligible to sit in Parliament, throwing Australian politics into unprecedented chaos.
POLICE have uncovered a body near Mt Isa, believed to be that of missing Cairns man Dallas Pyke.  The
DEPUTY Premier Jackie Trad has described Clive Mensink’s jetsetting life, exposed by The Sunday Mail, as a “kick in the
DETECTIVES have made their first arrests over a series of armed hold-ups plaguing Brisbane.  Following the armed robbery of
POLICE are appealing for CCTV or dash cam vision of a suspicious fire at an abandoned Chinese restaurant at Surfers
THE State Government has admitted there is a 1500-space shortfall in carparks at the Prince Charles Hospital while residential streets
THE first time I tried to write this piece, it sounded like the hysterical screaming of a Hollywood thriller script.
QUEENSLAND’S disaster experts could be sent to Puerto Rico to help the hurricane-ravaged island get back on its feet. 
TAKING the reins of a multimillion-dollar tourism empire is a big call. Australia Zoo was transformed by Steve Irwin from
MOTORISTS running low on petrol are being caught out by petrol stations left out of action due to power outages
AN INTERVIEW where Quentin Tarantino defends a Hollywood director accused of raping a 13-year-old girl has resurfaced after Uma Thurman
THERE was a cocktail of emotions swirling across America in the summer of 1974 – anger and anguish and uncertainty
THE body-hacking scientist who implanted an Opal card chip in his hand claims the NSW government has finally made good
WALLAMAN Falls — the nation’s tallest ­single-drop waterfall — has been touted as a new eco-site for bungee jumping. 
JOSH Gibson has won Simone Holtznagel’s mum over.  The AFL great has been given a preliminary tick of approval
PAPUA New Guinea has been told by the United Nations’ top human rights official that it needs to take care
“The health of our civilisation, the depth of our awareness about the underpinnings of our culture and our concern for
THEY called him Frodo, presumably because what remained of his shaggy coat looked a little like the ringleted hair of
EVERYONE’S a critic — even Jennifer Lawrence.  The Oscar-winning actor revealed in a new interview that she’s no fan
CHINA officials have launched its latest crackdown on funeral strippers. Yes, funeral strippers.  The country’s Ministry of Culture announced
A CARER who allegedly repeatedly stabbed a woman in her care has been granted bail in Southport Magistrate’s Court. 
AS HE climbed back into his black Mercedes after finishing a workout at his gym, bikie prince Mick Hawi was
A FATHER of 13 has been denied bail this morning after attacking a 58-year-old man in Brisbane’s West End overnight.
AUSTRALIAN embassy staff in Beirut have been denied physical access to two Brisbane children by their Lebanese father, the mother
NEW details have emerged about three families involved in the cruise ship brawl which reveal more about the conflict that
IT’S one of the most inaccessible and unexplored places on the planet. Now Australian researchers have managed to haul in
ISRAEL has struck a dozen Syrian and Iranian targets inside Syria after an Israeli fighter jet crashed under fire from
PREGNANT mother of six Elizabeth Henry knew her murder was coming.  Twenty years ago this week, the Fortitude Valley
QUEENSLANDERS are being told to expect rain around much of the state on Tuesday.  The heaviest rain, along with
ROCKER Shannon Noll says he supports moving Australia Day to a date that reflects the celebration of all Australians. 
THE body of a 33-year-old woman has been found after she went missing while swimming in the Broadwater.  The
In fact, the funds committed to the program were far from massive. The original appropriation for the Office of Economic
Ever since Congress created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, a pillar of the post-crash financial reforms and the brainchild of
Warren followed this up in public testimony, urging that all twelve board members present during the fake accounts scandal be
Why, in fact, did he (with one momentary exception in January) deny that the Russian activities even occurred until Mueller’s
Billy Graham, who died on Wednesday morning at the age of 99, was one of the most famous preachers who
Trump’s most obvious strength heading toward 2020 is the enduring and enthusiastic support of his base. “I would say the
The left’s frustration with the Times is hardly a new phenomenon. Conservatives have long cast the paper as an organ
[U.S. & THE WORLD]  In U.S. & The World, a newly named upfront section of the magazine, Lee Drutman
In his first year in office, Donald Trump and his administration have launched a daunting number of direct and open
In this fight, gun-control advocates have a powerful silent ally: the U.S. Supreme Court. It’s been almost a decade since
Not so.  Not only did Donald Trump attend the conference—he received “rock-star treatment” during his stay. In his speech,
Altogether, the department’s creation amounted to the most sweeping reorganization in the federal government’s history. As the Hart-Rudman Commission had
President Donald Trump’s State of the Union address on Tuesday drew mixed reviews from the pundits, but even some who
The dots on this map from Environmental Working Group show areas where public drinking water was contaminated with either nitrates
Matta-Clark met regularly with a group of artists to discuss these ideas; together, they invented a name for themselves and
President Donald Trump’s State of the Union address last week was long on time and short on surprises. He focused
Miller recalled working with a “bunch of Boomer men,” and having the same conversation we are having now regarding office
The greatest difference between Nixon’s time and now—and it could turn out to be crucial—is the nature of the Republican
First, I think that he misconstrues why the formalists and the reader-response folks wanted to separate the artist from the
FCC Chairman Ajit Pai Eric Gaillard/Reuters  The FCC's repeal of net neutrality has infuriated internet users across the country.
Darren Osborne. London Metropolitan Police  The man who drove a van into a crowd outside two London mosques last
Samsung's DJ Koh at the Galaxy S8's launch event. Drew Angerer/Getty Images  Samsung has confirmed it is now manufacturing
Seth Wenig/AP  New York police officers patrol the streets of the city armed with a badge and gun —
Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle have a lot in common. Chris Jackson/Getty Images  All eyes have been on Meghan
http://www.jamesedition.com/extraordinaire/swiss-bank-safe-with-money-729198  Yesterday morning, several banks in Australia started rolling out a new payment system they're calling NPP, or "New
Ethereum founder Vitalik Buterin. Vitalik Buterin/Twitter  The founder of Ethereum, the second most valuable cryptocurrency in the world, has
The Aviationist  BEIRUT (Reuters) - Israeli warplanes struck a Syrian military position in a rural area near Damascus on
A Duty Free shop at Heathrow Airport's Terminal 2 in June 2014. Neil Hall/Reuters  Chinese state media has declared
Garner is a fierce advocate for the Girl Scouts. Christopher Polk/Getty Images  Jennifer Garner is a Girl Scout troop
Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu on February 11, 2018. Ronen Zvulun/Reuters  The Israeli police recommendation on Tuesday to indict
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, center. Reuters/KCNA  McAfee analysts released research on Monday indicating that Lazarus, a cybercrime
Bloomberg via Getty Images/Scott Eells  Global financial markets appear to have stabilized as investors focus more keenly on economic
By Aaron Maasho  ADDIS ABABA (Reuters) - Demonstrators blocked roads in towns around Addis Ababa on Tuesday on the
A file photograph of a bitcoin ATM in Athens, Greece. Reuters  Criminals in Europe are using cryptocurrencies to launder
Britain's Prime Minister, Theresa May, greets Northern Ireland Secretary Karen Bradley at Stormont House, in Belfast Thomson Reuters LONDON (Reuters)
The Lockheed L-1011 TriStar prototype. AP  Editor's note: Patrick Smith is a commercial airline pilot who currently flies Boeing
Latvia's central bank governor Rimsevics speaks to the media in Riga Thomson Reuters By John O'Donnell and Gederts Gelzis 
The Insider Picks team writes about stuff we think you'll like. Business Insider has affiliate partnerships, so we get a
Rick Gates leaving the Prettyman Federal Courthouse after a bail hearing November 6 in Washington, DC. Mark Wilson/Getty Images 
ATHENS (Reuters) - A Greek court on Friday ruled against the extradition of a Turkish man wanted by Ankara over
Meghan Markle is shaking things up. Stuart C. Wilson/WPA Pool/Getty Images  She's found her voice.  For seven years
Glassdoor.com  For the fourth year in a row, Delta Air Lines employees have earned more than $1 billion in
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Mark Lyons/Getty Images  President Donald Trump's latest infrastructure proposal appears to have something in
You and a partner can fly to Milan, Italy, for only $400 each. s74/Shutterstock  Could there be anything sweeter
Rick Gates. Mark Wilson/Getty Images  Sign up for the latest Russia investigation updates here.  A federal court in
Naming your child "Nutella" is a big no-no in France. Shutterstock  Baby names get more interesting each year but
A string of recent Amtrak accidents has shed light on the delayed installation of the positive train control safety technology.
Thomas Kraus addresses the media about the study that exposed humans to nitrogen dioxide, during a news conference in Aachen
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is visiting Jordan, Turkey, Lebanon, Egypt, and Kuwait this week. AP Photo/Rebecca Blackwell 
Counselor to the president Kellyanne Conway and Rep. Adam Schiff. Rich Pedroncelli and Carolyn Kaster/AP  Counselor Kellyanne Conway defended
Facebook logo is seen at Facebook Gather conference in Brussels Thomson Reuters By Hans-Edzard Busemann and Nadine Schimroszik  BERLIN
Lucas Warren, Gerber's first "spokesbaby" with Down Syndrome Gerber  Iconic baby food brand Gerber has appointed its first "spokesbaby"
Chris Jackson / Getty Images  I began my research career in the last century with an analysis of how
Deputy Trump campaign aide Rick Gates leaves federal court in Washington, December 11, 2017. AP Photo/Susan Walsh  Sign up
Gwendolyn Frantz, 17, of Kensington, Maryland, stands in front of the White House during a student protest for gun control.
Renault Chief Executive Carlos Ghosn delivers a speech during the official presentation of the new Renault RS16 car at the
Russia's President Vladimir Putin (R) toasts with Saudi Arabia's Ambassador to Russia Abdulrahman Al-Rassi after receiving a diplomatic credential from
A sheriff's vehicle seen outside Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School after last week's mass shooting. AP  A 15-year-old boy
Los Angeles police officers wear contamination suits during a simulated attack at a dock at the Port of Los Angeles
FILE PHOTO - North Korean flag flies on a mast at the Permanent Mission of North Korea in Geneva Thomson
STR/AFP/Getty Images  China's military has suggested the country increase its intellectual property control of military and technological innovations. 
LouLouPhotos / Shutterstock.com  It follows the playbook: It started on February 12, when General Motors announced the "first step"
Shane Feldman, an undercover high-school student on the documentary series "Undercover High." Courtesy of A&E  High school is nothing
An AH-1Z Viper helicopter assigned to Marine Medium Tiltrotor Squadron (VMM) 166 (Reinforced), prepares to land on the flight deck
Amber Rudd. BBC  Britain's Home Secretary Amber Rudd has argued that the government is more united on Brexit than
Dana Loesch, the spokesperson for the National Rifle Association, and Alex Wind, a student who survived the mass shooting at
A Utah teacher is shown how to handle a handgun by instructor Clint Simon (R), at a concealed-weapons training class
President Donald Trump spoke with state and local officials Thursday to discuss school shootings. AP Photo/Evan Vucci  On Thursday,
Madeline Stone / Business Insider  Google is reportedly acquiring New York shopping emporium Chelsea Market for $2 billion. As
A B-52 drops a load of bombs in Afghanistan. U.S. Air Force/Master Sgt. Ralph Hallmon/AP A U.S. Air Force B-52
Ethan Miller/Getty Images  Not only will the US and South Korea recommence military drills once the Winter Olympic Games
FILE PHOTO: A banner for American International Group Inc hangs on the facade of the New York Stock Exchange Thomson
A still from the custody interview of Kyle Enos, a dark web drugs trader from South Wales. National Crime Agency/Gwent
What will the new baby be named? Chris Jackson/GettyImages  Prince William and Kate Middleton welcomed a new baby boy
ATLANTA (AP) — With Atlanta among the 20 cities on the short list to become the home of Amazon's second
A pedestrian walks past a branch of Oxfam in central London Thomson Reuters By Alistair Smout  LONDON (Reuters) -
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — Democrats in Minnesota retained a state Senate seat in a special election, preserving their hopes
Matt Cardy/Getty Images  Among financial journalists, the gallows-humor joke was that there wouldn't have been a crisis if we
David Hogg on "This Week" Screenshot via ABC  David Hogg, the Florida school shooting survivor-turned-activist who has recently been
Megan Phelps-Roper TED talk. TED  Over the past several years, TED talks have brought insights from the most prominent
A builder working for Taylor Wimpey builds a roof on an estate in Aylesbury, Britain, February 7, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh
Liam Fox REUTERS/Hannah McKay  LONDON — Liam Fox has warned Prime Minister Theresa May that Britain should not stay
element5 digital/Unsplash  If you went to a private four-year college 30 years ago, you would've paid $15,160 per year,
Joshua Lott/Getty Images  More than two-dozen Republican senators on Tuesday released a letter they sent to President Donald Trump,
Michael Hicks/flickr  As part of the 2017 Investment Banking Report, Wall Street Oasis compiled detailed statistics regarding the connection
Vote leave supporters. REUTERS/Neil Hall  Twitter has finally identified Russian accounts on its platform used to spread false information
FILE PHOTO: A worker checks cars made by GM Korea in a yard of GM Korea's Bupyeong plant in Incheon
A growing number of brands and social stars that have built followings on Instagram now fear that the platform is
Donald Trump. Mark Wilson/Getty Images  Confusion and worry spread in foreign policy circles following reports that the White House
FBI Director Christopher Wray and Chinese President Xi Jinping. AP/Andrew Harnik/Fred Dufour/Pool  FBI Director Christopher Wray on Tuesday reiterated
A B-2 Spirit bomber drops a GBU-57 massive ordnance penetrator. YouTube/The Aviationist  The Air Force has given Boeing a
A man enters the office of Anbang Insurance Group in Beijing Thomson Reuters By Engen Tham and John Ruwitch 
Power-generating windmill turbines are seen at the Eneco Luchterduinen offshore wind farm near Amsterdam, Netherlands September 26, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman
Bill Gates and his team on a farm in Karsana, Abuja, Nigeria in 2006. The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation
Shutterstock/And-One  Scientists in Japan say that the ability to regrow hair might be found in using a chemical also
People embrace as they attend a candlelight memorial service for the victims of the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High
The process matters just as much as the outcome. Bruno Cordioli/Flickr  Ben Cole, an associate professor of strategy at
Chinese leader Xi Jinping with UK prime minister Theresa May Dan Kitwood/Getty Images  Huawei, the Chinese smartphone and telecoms
Both hail from wealthy and powerful Michigan families. Carlos Osorio/AP Images  • US Education Secretary Betsy DeVos married Amway
Buffalo Wild Wings is known for its wide variety of sauces. Buffalo Wild Wings on Facebook  Arby's parent company,
ANTHONY WALLACE/AFP/Getty Images)  China has previously taken steps to curb cryptocurrency trading in the country, but recent moves may
(Reuters) - A North Carolina jury on Thursday convicted a white homeowner of first-degree murder for the 2016 shooting death
Jacquelyn Martin-Pool/Getty Images  In 1996, Australia saw its worst-ever shooting by a single gunman. In the Port Arthur massacre,
AP Photo/Richard Vogel  San Francisco will review and possibly expunge or reduce thousands of misdemeanor and felony marijuana cases.
Canada's PM Trudeau attends an official ceremony marking the appointment of Richard Wagner as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court
Mexican marines patrol near the maximum-security Altiplano prison in Almoloya, west of Mexico City, July 12, 2015. AP  Just
HARARE, Zimbabwe (AP) — Zimbabwe's president says his government will meet the hospital and funeral expenses of deceased opposition leader
SpaceX just launched a Tesla Roadster to Mars on this: SpaceX's Falcon Heavy rocket.  This was the Falcon Heavy's
Mary Barra, chairman and CEO of GM. Ruben Sprich/Reuters  General Motors and CEO Mary Barra made news last year
A counternarcotics officer guards packages of seized cocaine at a police station in Necocli, Colombia, February 24, 2015. AP 
The CEOs of Britain's four biggest high street banks (clockwise L to R) Jes Staley, Barclays; Ross McEwan, RBS; Antonio
video monitor shows school shooting suspect Nikolas Cruz, left, making an appearance before Judge Kim Theresa Mollica in Broward County
REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke  LONDON — Angela Merkel has said that she is not "frustrated" by Britain's lack of clarity in
Welcome to Digital Health Briefing, a new email providing the latest news, data, and insight on how digital technology is
Coalition talks of CDU/CSU and SPD in Berlin Thomson Reuters Good morning! Here's what you need to know.  1.
George Soros Reuters  LONDON — The billionaire George Soros has promised a leading anti-Brexit campaign an extra six figure
Time Out  LONDON — To cash in on Brexit, look for property bargains outside London's pricey centre.  First
MUMBAI (Reuters) - Pirates freed a ship carrying 22 Indian crew and 13,500 tonnes of gasoline on Tuesday, Hong Kong-based
Marco Rubio at CNN's town hall. CNN  People keep saying that "something is different" after the Florida shooting. 
BEIRUT (AP) — Syrian Kurdish news outlets and Syria's state-run news agency say six civilians have suffered breathing difficulties after
Andrew Harnik/AP  The Trump administration has been working on a "Buy American" plan that will draw on US military
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella Getty Images/Drew Angerer  Microsoft announced this week that Build, its biggest developer event of the
h ng nguy n/Unsplash  Have you ever wondered which life decisions brought you to where you are right now
Less coal, more forests. Tonyninetyone/Shutterstock  Donors have funded the planting of over one million trees as part of the
President Donald Trump Getty Images/Pool  The release on Friday of a highly controversial memo that claims surveillance abuse on
Author Tariq Ramadan talks with a journalist after a conference at the Er-Rahma mosque in Nantes, western France, April 25,
Kenyan opposition leader Raila Odinga of the National Super Alliance (NASA) holds a bible as he takes a symbolic presidential
Jamie Dimon, Chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase. Thomson Reuters  US banks are queueing up to stop customers from
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro fist-bumps with oil workers during a visit to a facility in the oil-rich Orinoco belt in
The Citigroup Inc logo is seen at the SIBOS banking and financial conference in Toronto Thomson Reuters (Reuters) - Wall
Obama after 2012's sandy hook massacre AP  Former President Barack Obama expressed his condolences to the victims of Wednesday's
Once Queen Elizabeth II dies, the people of Britain are banned from being funny on public television — seriously. BBC
Your next destination might have a deeper meaning to it. Twinsterphoto/Shutterstock  The next vacation you pick could be influenced
MI  Lawmakers pressed the two top financial regulators during a morning hearing on cryptocurrency — and now the market
Falcon Heavy taking off from Cape Canaveral, Florida. SpaceX via YouTube  We have liftoff.  SpaceX launched its Falcon
George Frey/Reuters  Access, the Alphabet subsidiary that runs Google Fiber, has a new CEO — its third in 16
FILE PHOTO: Flags are pictured during the fifth round of NAFTA talks involving the United States Mexico and Canada in
Faraday Future CEO Jia Yueting (left). Ethan Miller/Getty Images)  More than two years after it first emerged from stealth
Rep. Bruce Poliquin holding up an L.L. Bean boot. AP/Robert F. Bukaty  L.L. Bean just changed its lifetime return
Add these bars to your New York City bucket list. Sarah Jacobs/Business Insider  Late last year Surface Magazine released
By Alison Bevege  SYDNEY (Reuters) - Tropical Cyclone Kelvin hit the resource-rich north coast of Western Australia on Sunday,
LONDON (AP) — Where does one shop for a wedding gown set to be the dress of the year —
MUNICH (AP) — Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says an international agreement with Iran has emboldened the regime in Tehran
U.S. President Donald Trump talks with White House Senior Advisor to the President Jared Kushner. Drew Angerer/Getty Images  Special
The European Parliament's lead Brexit co-ordinator Guy Verhofstadt (L) with the EU's chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier Vincent Kessler/Reuters 
REUTERS/Heinz-Peter Bader  LONDON — Britain will not descend into a "Mad Max-style world borrowed from dystopian fiction" after Brexit,
Deutsche Bank CEO John Cryan during the bank's annual news conference in Frankfurt, Germany, on February 2. REUTERS/Ralph Orlowski 
Alex Wong/Getty Images  Staff members of Vice President Mike Pence may have violated the law that separates political activities
BI Intelligence  This story was delivered to BI Intelligence Transportation and Logistics Briefing subscribers hours before it appeared on
stefan stefancik/Unsplash  Words have always been my currency — the means to express myself, persuade an audience, tell a
Ryan Coogler and Lupita Nyong'o attend the 'Black Panther' premiere Getty  In its first four days in theaters, "Black
Becoming a royal doesn't make you tax-exempt. Ben Birchall - WPA Pool/Getty Images  Meghan Markle will soon become the
German Chancellor Angela Merkel meets members of the German Bundeswehr at an army barracks in Leer, Ostfriesland, Germany, December 7,
Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton AP  Nearly two months before former FBI Director James Comey announced the bureau was
The passenger spent four days at a medical center. Krafft Angerer/Stringer/Getty Images  A man from Nigeria intends to file
Detail view of a cast from the sandstone slab imprinted with more than 70 dinosaur and mammal tracks that Ray
(L to R) Ranking member Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA) and chairman Rep. Devin Nunes (R-CA). Drew Angerer/Getty Images  Rep.
Win McNamee/Getty Images  WASHINGTON — Congress passed a bipartisan budget deal in the early hours of the day on
U.S. President Trump and Australian Prime Minister Turnbull hold joint news conference at the White House in Washington Thomson Reuters
President Donald Trump and Defense Secretary James Mattis during a cabinet meeting at the White House, March 13, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan
Trucks wait in the queue to cross into the US at the World Trade Bridge in Nuevo Laredo, Mexico, November
ANKARA, Turkey (AP) — Turkish officials say Thursday's explosion at a tax office in the Turkish capital was caused by
Robert Mueller. AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite  Special counsel Robert Mueller's office has charged three Russian entities and 13 Russian
Take a closer look at these portraits below. ygdrssl/Reddit  A collage that shows what 20 US presidents would look
Peter Thiel Tristan Fewings/Getty Images Peter Thiel, one of Silicon Valley's most successful and controversial venture capitalists, is reportedly leaving
Current Disney World performer Michelle Mayo. michellenmayo/Instagram  If you're a die-hard fan of Disney World, you probably already know
Win McNamee/Getty Images  WASHINGTON — Among the handful of ideas floated in the aftermath of the school shooting in
Palantir CEO Alex Karp YouTube/Screenshot  WILMINGTON, Del. (Reuters) - Data analytics and security company Palantir Technologies Inc must open
By Ahmed Kingimi  MAIDUGURI, Nigeria (Reuters) - Boko Haram freed 13 hostages, Nigeria's presidency said on Saturday, after authorities
These 8 spots are sure to wow out-of-towners. oneinchpunch/Shutterstock  When friends and family come to New York City to
The Insider Picks team writes about stuff we think you'll like. Business Insider has affiliate partnerships, so we get a
Young student walks under crosses for the victims of the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School shooting hang on a fence
Marcus Fysh, MP Marcus Fysh  Britain's International Trade Committee was warmly welcomed in the US and Canada last week.
LASHKAR GAH, Afghanistan (Reuters) - A Taliban infiltrator killed 16 members of a pro-government militia force in the insurgency ridden
JOHANNESBURG (AP) — South Africans are yearning for an end to a period of political limbo in which President Jacob
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson visits Egypt Thomson Reuters CAIRO (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said
FILE PHOTO: Britain's Secretary of State for International Development Penny Mordaunt arrives in Downing Street in London Thomson Reuters LONDON
(Reuters) - A former police officer who said he was fired after not shooting a man wielding an unloaded gun
AP  The US military is still holding the Mother of All Bombs over the Taliban's heads like 21,600-pound GPS-guided
Over 50 years ago, a group of high school students on the Japanese island of Hokkaido decided to build snow
The soon-to-be bride sported a plaid, Burberry coat. WPA Pool/Getty  Ahead of their May 19 nuptials, Meghan Markle and
Markle boldly wore a cross-body purse during a recent visit to Scotland. Pool/Reuters  Meghan Markle is breaking a number
Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP  Michael Cheng and Tina Lam couldn't afford to live on Presidio Terrace, one of the most
Visitors look at the model of a naval weapon SeaHake, a multipurpose heavyweight torpedo made by German company Pipavav, on
Getty  LONDON — The British economy will suffer a £252 billion ($348 billion) hit if Theresa May carries out
North Korean defector Ji Seong-ho embraces Fred Warmbier, father of Otto Warmbier, while Vice President Mike Pence and second lady
ISIS  BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany's domestic intelligence chief wants the government to review laws restricting the surveillance of minors
Liz Kendall MP. REUTERS/Darren Staples  LONDON — Former Labour leadership candidate Liz Kendall has challenged Jeremy Corbyn to listen
Meghan Markle is becoming quite the fashion icon. Chris Jackson/Getty Images  Long before she got engaged to a prince,
Dave Kotinsky/Getty Images for Spike  Since October, dozens of women have accused film producer Harvey Weinstein of sexual harassment
Prime Minister Theresa May speaking in Derbyshire on Monday afternoon. Sky News  LONDON — Theresa May has announced plans
Israeli security forces examine the remains of an F-16 Israeli war plane near the Israeli village of Harduf, Israel February
Terry Crews attends Esquire's Annual Mavericks of Hollywood party in Los Angeles Getty  Terry Crews said he still has
Gucci's show at Milan Fashion Week had some pretty freaky elements. Antonio Calanni / AP Images  Gucci lost its
M1 Abrams Daniel Brown/Business Insider  FORT BLISS, Texas — I was riding in a government SUV down the dirt
Michel Barnier Sky News  LONDON — Border checks between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland are now "unavoidable"
Jonathan Ernst/Reuters  Foreign-policy experts and lawmakers were aghast following a South Korean news report that attributed to a staffer
By Brendan Pierson  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A U.S. judge on Monday refused to release a former Hong Kong
SpaceX/Flickr  If SpaceX's Falcon Heavy launch on Tuesday is successful, CEO Elon Musk thinks the success will blow away
The Colonnade to the Outer Oval Office. White House Photo  White House speechwriter David Sorensen has resigned, following his
Ross Bailey, centre, the CEO and founder of Appear Here. Appear Here  LONDON — Ross Bailey wants to talk
The couple that bought Presidio Terrace in San Francisco are speaking out against Sen. Dianne Feinstein. Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP 
Associated Press  The opening ceremony of the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang on Friday brought together leaders from around
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un gives a speech at the 9th Congress of the Kim Il Sung Socialist Youth
Chris Ratcliffe / Getty  LONDON — Shaftesbury, the property firm which owns large chunks of central London, has taken
Katherine Heigl and Meghan Markle. Getty  "Grey's Anatomy" and "Knocked Up" star Katherine Heigl is officially set to join
The Brussels' Great Mosque is seen in Brussels Thomson Reuters By Alissa de Carbonnel and Stephen Kalin  BRUSSELS/RIYADH (Reuters)
A student tells the Today Show that the Florida deputy who failed to intervene during a school shooting was an
Strelka Institute for Media, Architecture and Design/Flickr  Every few months, some public figure comes up with the brilliant idea
Secretary of Defense James Mattis, middle, and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, far right, on Capitol Hill in Washington, August
Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe (L), US President Donald Trump (C) and Australia Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull attend a trilateral
FILE PHOTO: Boy is evacuated during an attack on the Iranian parliament in central Tehran Thomson Reuters By Babak Dehghanpisheh
The scene shows, what according to Syrian rebels were fires caused by Russian military plane shot down by rebel forces
Demonstrators kneel and chant slogans during a protest organised by Catholic activists in Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of Congo January 21,
Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss are the fourth-richest in the world of cryptocurrency. REUTERS/Brian Snyder  The life of a crypto-billionaire
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un makes a speech at 5th Conference of Cell Chairpersons of the Workers' Party of
Mark Blinch/Reuters  Boris Johnson has decided not to intervene in Bermuda's decision to become the first country in the
Steve Cohen. Point72  The investment firm Point72, a company run by controversial trader Steve Cohen, is facing a lawsuit
Washington Post ad tech guru Jarrod Dicker has been named CEO of a blockchain tech company built for the media
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission will decide next month whether to take legal action against nine member states for
KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - An article by a Malaysian newspaper on how to identify lesbians, gays, bisexuals and transgender (LGBT)
Allergan is among the healthcare companies Morgan Stanley sees as a possible M&A target. AP  It's shaping up to
Porn star Stormy Daniels said through a manager on Wednesday she is now free to discuss an alleged affair she
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson arrives to the presidential hangar in Mexico City Thomson Reuters BEIJING (Reuters) - China
Although no one was injured, the explosion has raised questions over the safety of lithium-ion batteries. REUTERS/Kin Cheung  Passengers
"Jurassic Park" is just one of the classics that made the cut. @TheIsaacJames  When New York-based couple Nate Huntley
For one day only, Halo Top is giving away free pints of ice cream. Halo Top  If you're not
Hope Hicks and Corey Lewandowski. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst  As the US has reckoned with the line between romance and harassment
Tax scammers have a new trick up their sleeve, according to the latest IRS warning. Shutterstock  Tax scammers are
If you've watched any of the 2018 Oscar nominees for Best Picture, you probably noticed something strange. A lot of
David Hogg speaking on CNN. Screenshot/CNN  Some of President Donald Trump's most fervent supporters have started going after a
French President Emmanuel Macron and US President Donald Trump review troops as they arrive at Les Invalides museum in Paris,
US Defense Secretary Jim Mattis. Associated Press/Manish Swarup  The retired US Marine Corps Gen. Jim Mattis used to doubt
Solis Images/Shutterstock  Does it feel like most of your paycheck goes to covering rent? You're probably not alone. 
Steve Wynn, Chairman and CEO of Wynn Resorts, speaks during the Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills, California, U.S.,
Michelle Obama has a timeless sense of style. Joyce N. Boghosian/The White House via Getty Images  America's first ladies
MedMen has been called an Apple store for pot products. Lucy Nicholson/Reuters  Chain stores have arrived in the legal
Nana Wereko-Brobby, founder of Social Concierge and Ollie Locke. Khris Morgan/Curtain members club  30-year-old reality TV star Ollie Locke
The letter Z, referring to the Zeta cartel, painted on a hill next to a freeway in Mexico. Reuters/Tomas Bravo
As the father to a young daughter, Prince William is cautious about the effects of social media. Getty/WPA Pool 
Comedian Nicole Byer tells her story to Conan O'Brien. YouTube / Team Coco  Airlines put blankets in sealed, plastic
Good morning! Here's what you need to know in markets on Friday.  1. European Union leaders will lay down
North Korea's Kim Yong-chol, right, shakes hands with South Korean Col. Kil Jang-sub, left, as a North Korean delegation crosses
Finding the right foundation is like finding a needle in a haystack. Paramount Pictures  Finding the perfect shade of
FILE PHOTO: Supporters wait for Head of Austrian far-right Freedom Party Heinz-Christian Strache during an election campaign rally in Vienna
Donald and Melania Trump. Chris Kleponis/Getty  Melania and Donald Trump broke from tradition after a New Yorker report published
Time to crack open the champagne for Robey Warshaw. (Photo by Vince Caligiuri/Getty Images)  LONDON - Life is busy
Boris Johnson Getty/Business Insider  LONDON — Boris Johnson today insisted there will not be any need for a hard
It's a Small World in Florida's Disney World versus California's Disneyland. Kim Renfro/INSIDER/Wikimedia Commons  Disney parks are known for
"Mindhunter." Netflix  David Fincher's Netflix series Mindhunter pushed all the right buttons. It's a classy, psychology-driven throwback drama series
A Pantsir-S1 (foreground) and an S-400 (background) at a Russian Military base in Syria, December, 16, 2015. Russian Ministry of
Meg Turney/YouTube  A "single, lonely, and disturbed" man, armed with a handgun, drove 11 hours to the home of
The wealthy residents of Presidio Terrace lost their street, unknowingly, in an online auction in 2015. Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP 
Ronald Reagan saved a total of 77 people while working as a lifeguard. Wikimedia Commons  • Many US presidents
AP Images  Meghan Markle is establishing her unique style as she and Prince Harry prepare of the royal wedding.
Dara Khosrowshahi, CEO of Uber. Drew Angerer/Getty Images  Uber is reportedly preparing to sell its business in Southeast Asia
Los Angeles Department of Water and Power repair a juncture of a water main that ruptured near the University of
Brexit minister Steve Baker. Reuters  The Brexit minister has apologised after suggesting that the civil service could be conspiring
Evangelist Billy Graham speaks at the dedication of the Billy Graham Library in Charlotte, North Carolina, May 31, 2007. Reuters/Robert
As hackers become more sophisticated and cyber attacks more routine, New York is on notice. Lucas Jackson/Reuters  NEW YORK
Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump are among the many influential people who have learned Transcendental Meditation from the David Lynch
Anti-regime protestors demonstrate outside the Iranian embassy on January 2, 2018 in London, England. Leon Neal/Getty Images  Iran has
Policemen take positions during an operation against drug dealers in the Cidade de Deus slum in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil,
Man with a child are seen in hospital in the besieged town of Douma, Eastern Ghouta, Damascus Thomson Reuters 
The Oval Office in 1990 and 2011. Susan Biddle/White House/File/AP, Pete Souza/Getty Images  The White House has 132 rooms,
Vadim Sadovski/Shutterstock  Every industry is under attack from upstarts. Most big companies aren't prepared for a new tech and
Princess Eugenie will marry in October. Getty/WPA Pool  The second royal wedding of the year is officially on the
Sen. John McCain, the Arizona Republican. AP  GOP Sen. John McCain condemned attacks on the integrity of the Department
Flickr/Dave Rosenblum  The New York Times published an op-ed slamming yoga pants — and people aren't too pleased with
Customers are praising the ad online. Twitter/Gap  Gap just made a smart marketing move to win back customers. 
People who call themselves Dreamers protesting in front of the US Capitol on December 6 to urge Congress in codifying
The flight was delayed for a total of five hours. Kamil Krzaczynski / Reuters  A passenger on United Airlines
Conservative MP Jacob Rees-Mogg at the Conservative conference Hannah Mckay/Reuters  Leading Tory Brexiteer Jacob Rees-Mogg has stepped up his
The Trump administration has denied asylum to more than 100 Iranian Christians and other refugees who face possible persecution in
The Dubai skyline. Unsplash/Roman Logov  LONDON — A batch of 50 Dubai luxury flats offered for sale in bitcoin
Rob Porter, left, White House Staff Secretary speaks to President Donald Trump after Trump made remarks regarding the on going
South Korean President Moon Jae-in speaks during the opening ceremony of the 132nd IOC session ahead of the 2018 Winter
By Shihar Aneez  COLOMBO (Reuters) - More than 15 million Sri Lankans are set to vote on Saturday in
Sometimes it's the little things. NBC  What do you get the person who has everything? On Valentine's Day, the
Arlene Foster and Theresa May Charles McQuillan/PA Wire/PA Images  LONDON — DUP leader Arlene Foster has blamed Theresa May's
US paratroopers from the 82nd Airborne Division engage ISIS militants with artillery in support of Iraqi and Peshmerga fighters in
The Insider Picks team writes about stuff we think you'll like. Business Insider has affiliate partnerships, so we get a
Jack Taylor/Getty Images  LONDON — Henry Bolton has been sacked as UKIP leader after just 142 days in charge.
An image obtained from social media showing what Syrian rebels said was the crash site of the Russian military plane
Prime Minister Theresa May leaves Downing Street for Prime Minister's Questions on February 7, 2018 in London, England. Dan Kitwood/Getty
President Donald Trump sits with FBI Director Christopher Wray during the FBI National Academy graduation ceremony, Friday, Dec. 15, 2017,
Successful college-age entrepreneurs are the minority, rather than the majority. Strelka Institute/Flickr/Attribution License  At the age of 35, I
A man talks on his mobile phone standing outside Trauma Unit after a Chinese man, working for a shipping company
A Sierra Nevada/Embraer A-29 Super Tucano over White Sands Missile Range during initial phase of the US Air Force's Light
Andrew McCabe. Alex Wong/Getty Images  The much-hyped memo from Republican Rep. Devin Nunes, the House Intelligence Committee chairman, contains
Cardi B fans are not here for Logan Paul's Instagram comments. Dimitrios Kambouris/Emma McIntyre/Getty Images  Cardi B fans are
Louis Fernandez walks along a flooded Collins Avenue in Miami Beach in September 2015. Lynne Sladky/AP  On Monday morning,
A shot at night of the Canary Wharf skyline. Getty  Standard Life Aberdeen has sold its insurance arm to
An image believed to be Nikolas Cruz being taken into custody, according to WPTV-5's sources. JenniferTintner/Twitter  Law-enforcement officials have
Switzerland will become a hub for crypto talent, because of the ambiguity of security laws, which will create more opportunities
Shutterstock/Gregory James Van Raalte  Even as early as a decade ago, if you were backpacking in a foreign place,
Robert Mueller. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque  A majority of Americans who participated in a recent Monmouth University poll said President Donald
President Donald Trump at the White House on January 4 during a meeting with Republican senators on immigration. Associated Press/Andrew
Donald Trump Jr. with Donald Trump. Saul Loeb-Pool/Getty Images  Mark Corallo, the former spokesman for President Donald Trump's legal
FILE PHOTO: A UNICEF logo is pictured outside their offices in Geneva Thomson Reuters BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The United Nations
Students at Basis Independent Silicon Valley conduct a science experiment. Melia Robinson/Business Insider  In a school inside a former
Warren Wong/Unsplash  Don't expect to see a flashing warning sign when you receive some terrible investing advice. he advice-giver
Meghan Markle isn't afraid to make a fashion statement. WPA Pool/Getty Images  While Kate Middleton has been surprising everyone
General Motors CEO Mary Barra in 2014 REUTERS/Rebecca Cook  Outnumbered and Outranked  While Tesla's Elon Musk, Apple's Tim
Kate Middleton says hello to Princess Victoria of Sweden. Chris Jackson/Getty Images  Touching a member of the royal family
Jeremy Corbyn speaking in Coventry Reuters  LONDON — Jeremy Corbyn today called for Britain to form a new "comprehensive
South Korean President Moon Jae-In shakes hands with Ivanka Trump during their dinner at the Presidential Blue House in Seoul,
Vanessa Trump and Donald Trump Jr. Chris Kleponis/Getty Images  Donald Trump Jr.'s wife, Vanessa Trump, was taken to a
Lauri Love reacts as he leaves after attending his extradition hearing at Westminster Magistrates' Court in London. Peter Nicholls/Reuters 
AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - The Dutch Foreign Ministry on Monday said it had formally withdrawn its ambassador to Turkey, who has
Pedestrians pass a video advertisement for IBM at their office in Cambridge Thomson Reuters  FEBRUARY 21, 2018 ARMONK, N.Y.—In
Greeting royals properly can be tricky. Chris Jackson/Getty Images  Meeting a celebrity is one thing, but meeting a member
Reuters/Caitlin Ochs  Here is what you need to know.  Morgan Stanley's US equity chief explains why the recent
Robert Wagner and Natalie Wood in 1972. AP Photo/Steve Wood  In 1981, actress Natalie Wood was found dead on
Simon Cundey, managing director of Henry Poole & Co. Alison Millington  Henry Poole & Co., one of the oldest
Tomatoes are pictured at a Whole Foods store in San Diego. Thomson Reuters  Amazon has brought two-hour delivery to
The Hwasong-15. KCTV  North Korea's military parade on Thursday rolled out seven intercontinental ballistic missiles that experts assess can
President Donald Trump. Mark Wilson/Getty Images  An American political operative with ties to the Democratic Party has been meandering
Representation of the Bitcoin virtual currency standing on the PC motherboard is seen in this illustration picture Thomson Reuters (Reuters)
Donald Trump and Omarosa Manigault Newman Diego Corredor/MediaPunch/IPx  The former White House aide Omarosa Manigault is sharing more candid
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. KCNA via REUTERS  North Korea's state-sponsored news agency issued a rare press release on
Flickr/Sarah Kelemen Garber  Tonga is cleaning up after a category 4 cyclone tore through the archipelago late Monday. 
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) — Since the International Criminal Court began collecting material three months ago for a possible war crimes
A still image taken from video shows released Chibok girls sitting in a hall as they are welcomed by officials
REUTERS/Han Jae-Ho The Legatum Institute, a London-based research institute, released its 11th annual global Prosperity Index in November, a huge
Mark Nolan/Getty Images  Late last year concerns about free speech and academic freedoms were raised when publisher Allen &
U.S. Marine Corps Photo  During the hell that was World War II, the US conducted 72 straight days of
Broward County Sheriff Scott Israel at a CNN town-hall meeting. Reuters/Michael Laughlin  The sheriff of the community of Parkland,
Spencer Platt/Getty Images  Big Oil is due for a disruption.  The world's most important industry has been carrying
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens. Jeff Roberson/AP  Republican Gov. Eric Greitens of Missouri has been indicted on felony invasion of
Reuters/Pilar Olivares  The wildest party of the year is coming to a close.  Hundreds of thousands of revelers
The Hollywood Walk of Fame in Los Angeles, CA. Shutterstock  Robert Frost may be proud of going down "The
Exploration of AI for the F-22 aligns, in many respects, with the current "sensor fusion" technologies built into the F-35;
Apart from being satisfying jobs, most of these roles also pay, on average, over $90,000 a year. Sebastian Ter Burg/Flickr
Outcast  Online sneaker retailer GOAT announced Thursday it's merging with venerated sneaker consignment shop Flight Club and getting a
Defector Ji Seong Ho raises his crutches as Trump acknowledges him during the State of the Union address. Thomson Reuters
Captain Dean Sprouting. Ministry of Defence  A British army officer has died suddenly on an air base in Iraq,
Former national security adviser Susan Rice. Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images  Senate Judiciary Committee members Chuck Grassley and Lindsey Graham have
Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. AP Photo/Ariel Schalit  Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu responded to Israeli police's recommendation to indict
The rift between President Donald Trump with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto "could end up with the US asking itself,
Mieko Kobayashi showed up an hour late to her date with Kazuhiko Kobayashi to see how serious he was about
A court artist drawing shows Salah Abdeslam, one of the suspects in the 2015 Islamic State attacks in Paris, in
The Munich Security Conference in 2017. ohannes Simon - Pool / Getty  Dozens of world leaders and security chiefs
Emirates Airline flight attendants. Shutterstock/Sorbis  For most of us, flying is still an inherently mysterious activity.  To shed
Donald McGahn. Drew Angerer/Getty Images  White House counsel Donald McGahn is under the microscope for his role in the
Getty  NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Uber Technologies Inc's chief executive pledged to continue investing aggressively in Southeast Asia even
Kim Yong Nam, top left, president of the Presidium of North Korean Parliament, and Kim Yo Jong, sister of North
Rick's going to have a tough time moving forward. Gene Page/AMC  Warning: There are major spoilers ahead for "Honor,"
How did Negan escape all of those zombies at the Sanctuary? Gene Page/AMC  Warning: There are spoilers ahead for
Pennsylvania Governor Tom Wolf addresses the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia Thomson Reuters By Joseph Ax  (Reuters) - State
U.S. Marines walk inside their base after they are back from training with Afghan National Army (ANA) soldiers in Helmand
President Donald Trump. Evan Vucci/AP  The officials who head two of Russia's top spy agencies visited the US last
flickr.com/photos/tom1231/  "Just because we Canadians are polite, don't assume that means we're nice," a Canadian friend once told me.
Reuters  President Donald Trump's administration is warning Syria that further chemical attacks will be met with a strike like
Chung Sung-Jun/Getty Images  South Korea's Defense Ministry is taking steps to prevent its soldiers from getting caught up in
FILE PHOTO: The logo of ING bank is pictured at the entrance of the group's main office in Brussels Thomson
Donald Trump. Chris Kleponis-Pool/Getty Images  President Donald Trump went off on Saturday about recent developments that have shaken the
Drew Angerer/Getty Images  WASHINGTON — Two high-ranking lawmakers on the Senate committee that crafts legislation about health and oversees
French President Emmanuel Macron greets Claude Erignac's widow Dominique Erignac during a ceremony in tribute to the slain French prefect
Reuters / Jerry Lampen  LONDON — The Dutch government has activated a 'hard Brexit' customs plan which will see
The family themselves aren't the only ones with strict rules. Chris Jackson/Getty Images  The royal family is something we
North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un inspecting the test-fire of intercontinental ballistic missile Hwasong-14 at an undisclosed location. STR/AFP/Getty Images 
Over four tons of oranges spilled out of the three cars. EmergenciasSev/Twitter  When police in Spain noticed some suspicious
The logo of blockchain company Ripple is seen at the SIBOS banking and financial conference in Toronto, Ontario, Canada October
Boris Johnson. REUTERS/Mary Turner  LONDON — Boris Johnson has privately admitted that Brexit could result in a hard border
Airlines have struggled to deal with emotional support animals. Julio Cortez / AP  An emotional support dog bit a
Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and CEO of the Blackstone Group REUTERS/China Daily  Roughly an hour before Steve Schwarzman, the billionaire
Marylene Dinliana, 18, holds a sign that reads, "Stop Spilling Our Blood" during a protest against guns on the steps
Hoboh Official / Flickr  Good morning! Here is the tech news you need to know this Friday.  1.
By Maria Tsvetkova  MOSCOW (Reuters) - About 300 men working for a Kremlin-linked Russian private military firm were either
By Gabriela Baczynska and Peter Maushagen  SOFIA (Reuters) - European Union foreign ministers disagreed on Thursday over a proposal
Police set up a cordon in the aftermath of the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Florida. Mark
LAWRENCE, Kan. (AP) — A chemistry professor who has lived in Kansas for 30 years was already flying back to
President Donald Trump, center, accompanied by and first lady Melania Trump, right, and Dr. Igor Nichiporenko, left, speak to reporters
This is a preview of a research report bundle from BI Intelligence, Business Insider's premium research service. To learn more
The $42 ticket prices probably should have been a warning sign. Red Hot Chilli Pipers/YouTube  Duncan Robb's heart was
Flight attendant Gina Reyes helped soothe a crying toddler. KHON2 News/YouTube  Even the most well-behaved tots can lose it
These weddings have stood the test of time. AP  From Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's upcoming nuptials to Paris
Detective Barbara J. Mattson, of the Connecticut State Police, holds up a Bushmaster AR-15 rifle AP Photo/Jessica Hill  Remington
Charlotte is actually one of the most popular names for girls in New York City. Getty Images/Chris Jackson  New
AP  Oliver said Monday, "I just felt it would be really weird not to bring it up," and said
A man placed in handcuffs is led by police near Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School following a shooting incident in
New Wire CEO and former Huddle CEO Morten Brøgger Morten Brøgger/Wire  Last time Business Insider wrote about Morten Brøgger,
President Donald Trump AP  President Donald Trump indicated his support for stronger background checks for gun purchases on Tuesday
Loki is one of the few great villains in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Disney / Marvel  The biggest problem
The Magic Leap headset. Magic Leap Augmented reality startup Magic Leap is reportedly in talks to raise up to $400
Rick Wilking/Reuters  Each year, investors converge on Omaha, Nebraska to attend Berkshire Hathaway's annual meeting, commonly referred to as
Former U.S. Presidents Barack Obama, George W. Bush and Bill Clinton. Getty Images/Rob Carr  For many former presidents, literature
A man uses an ATM outside a branch of Lloyds Bank in London. REUTERS/Andrew Winning/Files  LONDON — Lloyds Banking
Controversial investor Peter Thiel. REUTERS/ Fred Prouser  Good morning! Here is the tech news you need to know this
Paul Manafort. AP Photo/Matt Rourke  Paul Manafort, the former campaign chairman for President Donald Trump who is facing money
.  Peggy Johnson is the executive vice president for business development at Microsoft. Business Insider/Michael Seto  As "deal-maker-in-chief,"
Welcome to Finance Insider, Business Insider's summary of the top stories of the past 24 hours. Sign up here to
19 years later, “forever” still held its meaning. Getty Images/Scott Olson  United Airlines came through on a promise it
Deputy U.S. Attorney General Rod Rosenstein testifies to the House Judiciary Committee hearing on oversight of the Justice Department on
Gareth Cattermole/Getty Images  New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman has filed a civil rights lawsuit against former Hollywood mogul
A police mugshot of Nikolas Cruz. sheriff.org  In the wake of another mass shooting, politicians have predictably started pointing
This is the second time Southwest has dealt with de-icing difficulties at Chicago's Midway Airport since December. The above photo
A man inspects damages on a building in the besieged town of Douma, eastern Ghouta, in Damascus Thomson Reuters BEIRUT/GENEVA
Afghan Artlords paint a message on a wall at the American University of Afghanistan in Kabul Thomson Reuters KABUL (Reuters)
Rick Saccone and Mike Pence. Pete Marovich/Getty Images  The Republican candidate running in what is the most important election
Pete Marovich/Getty Images; Win McNamee/Getty Images  The war of words between Sen. Elizabeth Warren and the Trump administration's budget
Governor of Sao Paulo, Geraldo Alckmin is seen as he leaves a meeting with members of the Brazilian Social Democracy
National Rifle Association spokeswoman Dana Loesch speaking at the CPAC conference in February. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque  As the debate about
As more and more studies emerge about the use of smartphones and social media in our daily lives, many parents
FILE PHOTO: BlackRock logo at the BlackRock Japan headquarters in Tokyo Thomson Reuters By Trevor Hunnicutt  NEW YORK (Reuters)
The aurora borealis is a visible display of electrically charged atomic particles from the Sun interacting with Earth's magnetic field.
BI Intelligence  This story was delivered to BI Intelligence "Fintech Briefing" subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click
There were actual bananas at Nokia's booth. Edoardo Maggio/Business Insider  HMD Global announced it's bringing back the Nokia 8110
White House Communications Director Hope Hicks in the Oval Office on Feb. 2, 2018. AP Photo/Evan Vucci  As the
KCTV  North Korea's military parade on Thursday featured much of what we've come to expect from Pyongyang: grandiose speeches,
White House Communications Director Hope Hicks and counselor Kellyanne Conway stand by as President Donald Trump speaks to reporters in
Parents waiting for news on Wednesday after reports of the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Carolyn Kaster/AP  Attorney General Jeff Sessions recently clarified how the Trump administration intends to treat
NBC  Another American gold medal performance being shown in primetime on NBC was spoiled for viewers who were also
LONDON (AP) — The Latest on the British arrest warrant for WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange (all times local):  2:40
Jeff Bezos and his wife MacKenzie Bezos. Danny Moloshok/Reuters  An analyst with a track record of making correct calls
US athlete Adam Rippon has become a fan favorite. Robert Cianflone/Getty Images  When figure skaters at the Winter Olympics
VC Lucio Lanza, Managing Director of Lanza Tech Ventures Lanza Tech Ventures  Danae Vachata, the 29-year-old cofounder of a
Jennifer Jason Leigh and Natalie Portman play female scientists in "Annihilation." Paramount Pictures  Movie studios have given us a
sFILE PHOTO: Bachmann, co-founder of Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the West (PEGIDA), waits in a courtroom for his
Cameron Kasky and Jackie Corin, two survivors of the Florida school shooting, are spending their days campaigning for gun law
The White House, circa 1846. Library of Congress  The White House has had thousands of occupants over the years,
Christopher Wray. Leah Millis/Reuters  FBI Director Christopher Wray just tossed a wrench into the White House's narrative about how
Robert Mueller. AP Photo/Andrew Harnik  Special counsel Robert Mueller's office charged 13 Russian nationals and the Internet Research Agency
This trendy skin care company is facing controversy. Deciem/Instagram  A few months ago, Toronto-based skin-care line The Ordinary —
FILE PHOTO: The headquarters building of Anbang Insurance Group is pictured in Beijing Thomson Reuters BEIJING/SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Anbang Insurance
Immigration and Customs Enforcement  Donald Trump hasn't created the massive "deportation force" he promised as a candidate for president.
A BMW worker holds a banner reading "arguing together" during a 24-hour strike by German industrial trade union IG Metall
Venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz Co-Founder and General Partner Marc Andreessen. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson  LONDON — Polychain Capital and Andreessen
Boris Johnson Dan Kitwood / Getty  LONDON — Boris Johnson will today warn campaigners against Brexit, that they are
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Pavel Wolberg - Pool/Getty Images  On Tuesday, Israeli police put forth a recommendation to
Donald Trump and Emmanuel Macron during Trump's visit to Paris. Christophe Archambault (Associated Press)  Donald Trump and Emmanuel Macron's
U.S. President Donald Trump meets Mexico's President Enrique Pena Nieto during the their bilateral meeting at the G20 summit in
On a very sunny day at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Business Insider's Sara Silverstein spoke with Wharton School
Michelle Myers went to sleep American. ABC15 Arizona  Michelle Myers went to sleep American. When she woke up, she
Raj Shah, a deputy White House press secretary, on "Fox & Friends" on Monday. Screen shot via Compassionate Conservatism/Youtube 
Imformatics PHD student Sebastian Bitzer performs push up exercises with a programmed Kondo humanoid robot at the newly opened Imformatics
Brexit secretary David Davis (L) with the EU's chief negotiator Michel Barnier Reuters/Francois Lenoir  LONDON — The UK government
By Jonathan Stempel  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A divided New York State Court of Appeals, the state's highest court,
EVERETT, Wash. (AP) — Authorities arrested a Washington state student suspected in a school shooting plot after his grandmother showed
MOSCOW (AP) — After a week of swirling controversy, Russia acknowledged on Thursday that five of its citizens may have
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis testifies to the House Armed Services Committee in Washington Thomson Reuters BRUSSELS (Reuters) - U.S.
U.S. Secretary of Defence Mattis poses with Turkish Defence Minister Canikli during a NATO defence ministers meeting in Brussels Thomson
Kif Leswing  The "white ring" problem affecting Apple's new HomePod speaker is an embarassing snafu for a company that
A Russian Su-25. Aleksandr Markin via Wikimedia Commons  A Russian Sukhoi Su-25 Frogfoot ground attack aircraft was shot down
It's a Buick and it's a wagon. Buick  I grew up in a Buick station wagon — an Estate
FILE PHOTO:FILE PHOTO:A branded sign is displayed on a Vodafone store in London Thomson Reuters By Mathieu Rosemain and Pamela
A worker collects cuttings from a marijuana plant at the Canopy Growth Corporation facility in Smiths Falls Thomson Reuters 
Can you find the man in there? http://www.kleinsungallery.com/  Pattern puzzles are fun to figure out, give your brain a
Kate Middleton often favors classic styles. Pool/Getty Images  After channeling late mother-in-law Princess Diana in a custom Catherine Walker
Turkish President Erdogan speaks during a ceremony in Ankara Thomson Reuters  ISTANBUL (Reuters) - The jailed chairman of the
FILE PHOTO: A Venucia T90 from Dongfeng Nissan is shown at China (Guangzhou) International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou Thomson Reuters
Tao Zhang/Getty Images  Lunar New Year has begun!  Around the world, about 1.5 billion people— that's nearly one-fifth
US President Donald Trump meets with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey during the UN General Assembly in New York,
K.T. McFarland. Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - K.T. McFarland, picked by President Donald Trump to be the U.S.
Meghan Markle has shake-up typical royal tradition. Chris Jackson/Getty Images  It should be known by now that the British
Turkey reportedly proposed the US and Kurdish YPG fighters withdraw to east of the Euphrates river in Syria and that
A soldier against the backdrop of Russia's flag. AP  France 24 published an interview last week with a man
Travis Scott and Kylie Jenner in Houston, TX. Bob Levey/Stringer/Getty Images  Earlier today, Kylie Jenner took to her Instagram
Northern League leader Salvini gestures during the television talk show "Porta a Porta" in Rome Thomson Reuters By Silvia Ognibene
A US Border Patrol agent patrols the US border with Mexico in Nogales, Arizona, January 31, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson 
Mexican marines patrol downtown Matamoros, Mexico, in March. (AP Photo/Rodrigo Abd)  Mexican marines captured a top leader in the
In this Dec. 20, 2016 file photo, Ahmad Khan Rahimi, the man accused of setting off bombs in New Jersey
AP  The Winter Olympics have brought tens of thousands of people from around the world to Pyeongchang, South Korea.
Win McNamee  Americans may be warming up to the recently implemented Republican tax law, but many of them haven't
Donald Trump and Barack Obama. Win McNamee/Getty Images  President Donald Trump has responded to the news that the special
Jeremy Corbyn Christopher Furlong / Getty  LONDON — Jeremy Corbyn will nationalise all of Britain's energy companies in order
President Donald Trump with Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi at the White House, March 20, 2017. Thomson Reuters  President
Getty Images/Gabe Palacio  "Newspapers have a terrible future. We own the Buffalo News, as you say, and we hope
A professor says Facebook is actually fracturing communities. Mark Zuckerberg pictured. Paul Marotta/Getty Images  On an episode of "Freakonomics
Parkland high school student Sam Zeif Screenshot/MSNBC  Sam Zeif, a senior at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland,
Mark Adger, chief jailer at Fulton County Jail in Atlanta. A&E  At Fulton County Jail in Atlanta, Georgia, guards
By Lidia Kelly and Anna Wlodarczak  WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland is seeing a resurgence of anti-Semitism over pending legislation
Robert Mueller. Alex Wong/Getty  Special counsel Robert Mueller is getting closer to his key witness in the Justice Department's
Brazilian soldiers patrol the Kelson's slum during an operation against crime in Rio de Janeiro, February 20, 2018. REUTERS/Pilar Olivares
Denise Miracle. Courtesy American Airlines  When interactions with gate agents at airports go viral, it isn't always good news,
A Go-Jek driver rides a motorcycle on a street in Jakarta, Indonesia Thomson Reuters By Anshuman Daga  SINGAPORE (Reuters)
Paul Manafort, President Donald Trump's former campaign chairman, departs Federal District Court, Thursday, Nov. 2, 2017, in Washington. AP Photo/Andrew
GOMA, Congo (Reuters) - A Congolese colonel who threatened to overthrow President Joseph Kabila has been detained in Tanzania, and
JERUSALEM (AP) — The Israeli military says one of its tanks has struck an observation post in the southern Gaza
FILE PHOTO:Cocoa pods are seen in a cocoa farm in Anyama Thomson Reuters ABIDJAN (Reuters) - Above average rainfall helped
A mock-up of how British Land's 100 Liverpool Street development will look when completed. British Land  LONDON — Japanese
Grigory Dukor/AP  On Thanksgiving 2015, a woman in New York City named Alice Norton wrote on a cooking forum
Donald Trump. Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images  President Donald Trump's approval rating has reached its highest point in nearly nine months,
President Donald Trump. Pool/Getty Images  The Trump administration plans to announce on Friday what is being billed as the
Justice 4 Grenfell/@OfficialJ4G  An activist group in London, England, has taken inspiration from the Oscar-nominated film "Three Billboards Outside
People are brought out of the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School after a deadly shooting in Parkland, Florida on Feb
Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee stands next to a photograph of President Donald Trump
Llimb et al, PLOS ONE  Arizona native Michelle Myers woke up two years ago sounding like she'd just come
GM CEO Mary Barra. Bill Pugliano/Getty  General Motors is moving quickly to fix its business in South Korea. 
Nuclear deterrence is a dangerous job. Harrison Jacobs/Business Insider  The USS Growler, along with sister ship the USS Grayback,
Avery Huddleston helped restore power to a school in Puerto Rico with a simple gift. via Fox2now  Avery Huddleston
BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon said a wall Israel intends to build at the border marks a violation of Lebanese sovereignty
Donald Trump. Alex Wong/Getty Images  US President Donald Trump has attacked Britain's National Health Service (NHS), which he described
President Donald Trump AP  President Donald Trump suggested that teachers who carry concealed weapons in schools should receive bonuses
Joe Raedle/Getty Images  The union that represents employees at Disney World is accusing the company of essentially taking hostage
A Barcos Caribe ship. Facebook / Barcos Caribe  An explosion on a ferry in Playa del Carmen, Mexico, injured
Police escorting students out of Stoneman Douglas High School Joe Raedle/Getty Images  When police officers and other first responders
Iceland's main airline is offering major discounts on round-trip tickets. canadastock/Shutterstock  This year, Icelandair is playing Cupid by offering
President Donald Trump and FBI Director Christopher Wray. Jonathan Ernst/Reuters  A majority of Americans said they would believe the
Wong Campion/Reuters  The Chinese Year of Dog is a good time to be cautious when it comes to finances,
Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos, left, listens carefully to President Donald Trump, right. Drew Angerer/Getty Images  Goldman Sachs' Gregg Lemkau
Louise Linton. Andrew H. Walker/Getty Images  In a new interview with Elle magazine, Louise Linton, the 37-year-old model and
Emirates Airline president Sir Tim Clark. REUTERS/Neil Hall  Emirates Airline president Sir Tim Clark is slamming claims that his
Andrew Kozlovski never stops working. Courtesy of Andrew Kozlovski  Unlike most college students, Andrew Kozlovski doesn't leave much time
Bigfoot has supposedly been spotted hundreds of times over the years. Harry and the Hendersons /Universal Pictures  Bigfoot has
A regulatory pot of gold for the City? Reuters  LONDON — The UK is about to set out its
Next Generation Squad Automatic Rifle Textron  The Army claims its new assault rifle will unleash a hailstorm of specially-designed
International Trade Secretary Liam Fox REUTERS/Mark Schiefelbein/Pool  LONDON — Leaving the EU in the hope of building better trading
Some bad habits don't just annoy managers. They could get you fired. Sebastiaan ter Burg/Flickr  Annoying your coworkers —
The Nunes memo states that the FBI and DOJ used the infamous Trump-Russia dossier as the basis for seeking an
FILE PHOTO: A man walks over a bridge as smoke rises from chimneys of a thermal power plant in Shanghai
Theresa May and Donald Trump REUTERS/Carlos Barria  LONDON — Theresa May has been accused of secretly plotting to sell
The eight prototypes for President Donald Trump's border wall with Mexico. Thomson Reuters  The federal judge that President Donald
LISBON (Reuters) - A Portuguese national intelligence official has been sentenced to seven years in prison for spying for Russia,
Trump has incorporated items from past presidents to decorate the Oval Office. Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images  The interior
BEIRUT/AMMAN (Reuters) - Several people suffered symptoms consistent with exposure to chlorine gas in the rebel-held eastern Ghouta district near
Prime Minister Theresa May and German Chancellor Angela Merkel. (Photo by Stefan Rousseau - Pool/Getty Images)  The UK is
Deputy Trump campaign aide Rick Gates, center, departs federal court in Washington, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. AP Photo/Susan Walsh 
House Intelligence Committee chairman Devin Nunes. AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite  Democratic Rep. Mike Quigley, who sits on the House
Ishara S.KODIKARA/AFP/Getty Images  The Supreme Court in the Maldives has overturned a ruling that kick-started the nation's political turmoil
A stock image of Heathrow Airport, which is just west of central London. Thomson Reuters  A man has died
An exhibitor takes a photo with a Huawei Mate 10 Pro during the 2018 CES in Las Vegas Thomson Reuters
An Iraqi T-72 main battle tank destroyed in a Coalition attack during Operation Desert Storm TSGT Joe Coleman  MOSCOW
Nicolette, center, went undercover at a Kansas high school on the show "Undercover High." A&E  Smartphones have turned the
Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan addresses members of parliament from his ruling AK Party during a meeting in Ankara Thomson Reuters
A US Marine fires an M777-A2 Howitzer in Syria, June 1, 2017. Marine Corps photo by Sgt. Matthew Callahan 
Jonathan Ernst/Reuters  CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull heads to the United States on Wednesday, accompanied by
66 people may have died. Google Maps  A passenger plane in Iran crashed midflight, prompting fears it has killed
Kate Middleton looked like a Disney princess arriving in snowy Norway. Chris Jackson/Getty Images  The Duke and Duchess of
Sens. Chuck Grassley and Lindsey Graham. Lauren Victoria Burke/AP  The Senate Judiciary Committee obtained a copy of former National
ISTANBUL (Reuters) - The Turkish military has set up the sixth observation post in northern Syria's Idlib province on Thursday
Lucas Jackson/Reuters  Welcome to Crypto Insider, Business Insider’s roundup of all the bitcoin and cryptocurrency news you need to
Bronco II BCS  On Feb. 21, the newly created Bronco Combat System (BCS) USA announced the launch of the
White House Chief Strategist Stephen Bannon speaks at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) in National Harbor, Maryland Thomson Reuters
The DeVos family is worth more than $5 billion. Joshua Roberts/Reuters  US Education Secretary Betsy DeVos is currently the
President Donald Trump AP  In the midst of an emotional White House listening session on school shootings just a
Parked next to a section of the border fence, a Border Patrol agent watches an area of the U.S.-Mexico border
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi started the second day of his visit to the
Screenshot/Jaish al-Nasr  Syrian rebels shot down a Russian Su-25 in Idlib province on Saturday, and then killed the pilot
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un visits the Command of the Strategic Force of the Korean People's Army (KPA) in
A surgeon and his theatre team perform key hole surgery to remove a gallbladder at at The Queen Elizabeth Hospital
By Steve Scherer  ROME (Reuters) - Italian police scuffled with about a hundred far-left protesters marching against a neo-fascist
Alphabet President Sergey Brin. Re/code, Asa Mathat Good morning! Here is the tech news you need to know this Tuesday.
Alessandra Mondolfi yells, “No more" during a protest against guns on the steps of the Broward County Federal courthouse in
In Virginia, the average state representative earns $26,100. Danica Roem is pictured. Steve Helber/AP Images  Politics doesn't always pay
Your relationship with your roommate doesn't have to be strained. Nikodash/Shutterstock  For many of us, there comes a time
Rakhmat Akilov running away after killing five people in Stockholm, Sweden. Reuters  A terrorist who killed five people in
Americans aren't the only ones eating at their desks. Paulo Whitaker/Reuters  Americans have a reputation around the world for
FILE PHOTO: Workers examine parts for welding next to robot bay at Alfield Industries. Thomson Reuters By David Ljunggren 
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta meets Attorney General Githu Muigai after Muigai handed in his resignation letter at State House in
Darrell Issa and Mike Turner. AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite  Republican Rep. Mike Turner of Ohio is seeking to have
Anna Paquin poses with her best supporting actress Oscar for her performance in 1993's "The Piano." AP  The 90th
Screenshot/YouTube via US Navy  A Russian Su-27 fighter jet intercepted a US Navy EP-3 Aries signals reconnaissance aircraft over
Laura Benanti impersonating Melania Trump on "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert." CBS/YouTube  President Trump's first State of the
Michael Wolff Screenshot/MSNBC  Journalist Michael Wolff lashed out at MSNBC's Mika Brzezinski after the "Morning Joe" host tossed him
Getty  LONDON — The government is not ready to implement a new immigration system in time for Brexit because
Palestinian teen Ahed Tamimi looks at a document handed to her by lawyer Gaby Lasky at the military courtroom at
TOKYO (Reuters) - The number of asylum seekers in Japan grew 80 percent to a record 19,628 in 2017 -
ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey still has diplomatic relations with the Netherlands, Turkish Government Spokesman Bekir Bozdag said on Monday, after
Russian President Vladimir Putin. Kirill Kudryavtsev/Pool Photo via AP  Yevgeny Prigozhin, a Russian oligarch, reportedly spoke to Kremlin and
Julian Assange addressing supporters outside Ecuador's London embassy in May 2017. AP  More than 11,000 private Twitter messages between
Adnan Abidi/Reuters  Uber is slowly backing out of developing markets in Asia.  It has already merged its Chinese
Family members embracing after the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School on Wednesday in Parkland, Florida. AP Photo/Wilfredo Lee
SpaceX/Flickr  SpaceX is set to launch its powerful Falcon Heavy rocket for the first time on Tuesday.  The
US President Donald Trump shakes hands with his new National Security Adviser Army Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster after making the
Senator Thom Tillis (R-NC) speaks with reporters about the withdrawn Republican health care bill on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S.,
Steve Jennings/Getty Images  Venture capitalist Shervin Pishevar is back-peddling on his allegations that a company called Definers Public Affairs
Kimberly and James Snead speak to CBS This Morning. YouTube/CBS This Morning  The couple that took in Nikolas Cruz
Getty  At 67, Jane Seymour posed for Playboy for the third time.  Seymour, who's starred in "Live and
George II and his son Prince Frederick seemed to have hated each other since day one. Frederick grew up away
Japan's first F-35 deployed at Misawa Air Base Japan Air Self Defense Force  Just before the end of January,
Kumar Galhotra had led the comeback of Lincoln. Ford  One day after Raj Nair, Ford's North America president, abruptly
BI Intelligence  This story was delivered to BI Intelligence "Fintech Briefing" subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click
MONTGOMERY, Ala. (AP) — Alabama on Thursday halted the execution of an inmate who had argued that his veins were
Donald Trump with a replica flintlock rifle awarded to him by cadets during the Republican Society Patriot Dinner at the
The vessel Ocean Giant lines up with the US Coast Guard Cutter Polar Star for escort to McMurdo Station, January
Reuters/Ali Hashisho  Two British ISIS fighters who are part of a group of British militants sometimes referred to as
Thom Baur/Reuters  CAPE CANAVERAL, Florida — There is nothing like seeing a rocket launch toward space in person, and
Intel CEO Brian Krzanich Intel  The Spectre and Meltdown attacks were a public relations nightmare for Intel. Now they've
Nutrias can weigh more than 20 pounds and reach lengths of up to 3.5 feet. Strahli88/Wikimedia  Creatures are emerging
Taliban militants stand guard as senior leader of a breakaway faction of the Taliban Mullah Abdul Manan Niazi, not pictured,
House Intelligence Committee ranking member Adam Schiff and House Intelligence Committee Chair Devin Nunes. Mark Wilson/Getty Images  The widening
South Korean President Moon Jae-in talks with President of the Presidium of the Supreme People's Assembly of North Korea Kim
A positive customer experience is essential for every company. It can lead to loyalty from consumers as well as give
A Turkish-backed FSA rebel shoots into the air near Afrin. Reuters  The fight between Turkish forces and US-backed SDF
McDonald's Szechuan sauce debuted to lukewarm reviews. Hollis Johnson/Business Insider  McDonald's Szechuan sauce didn't get the celebration the fast-food
A US anti-tank crew fires on Nazi soldiers. National Archives  War and disease have marched arm in arm for
Former first ladies visit Melania Trump before the State of the Union address in "Saturday Night Live" sketch. NBC "Saturday
Sergei Karpukhin/Reuters  Oil prices are falling and analysts and market players are as eager as ever to explain the
Brendan Fraser opened up about his own experience. Rich Fury/Getty Images  Brendan Fraser is the latest actor to talk
Dan Vahdat, chief executive of Medopad Medopad  It isn't easy for foreign tech firms to establish themselves in China.
The account's tagline reads "Collecting Bumble profiles of future Cabinet Ministers." Business Insider/Bumble  An Instagram account is seeking out
Marylene Dinliana, 18, holds a sign that reads, "Stop Spilling Our Blood" during a protest against guns on the steps
Rep. Devin Nunes, the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee. Thomson Reuters  As Gabriel Malor notes in the conservative
It's time to switch up your beauty routine. Paramount Pictures  Despite the fact that the American beauty industry is
Carter Page AP  Carter Page, a former investment banker and campaign foreign policy adviser for Donald Trump's presidential campaign,
BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Argentine police seized a package containing objects adorned with Nazi symbols, the Security Ministry said in
Detained Reuters journalist Kyaw Soe Oo and Wa Lone are escorted by police while arriving for a court hearing after
LONDON (Reuters) - A senior Iranian official said on Wednesday that Iran's military presence in Syria was legitimate and based
SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Inmates of a heavily overcrowded prison in metropolitan Rio de Janeiro took prison guards hostage during
The judges of the German Constitutional Court, from left, Peter Mueller, presiding judge Andreas Vosskuhle, Peter M. Huber, Sibylle Kessal-Wulf
US Vice President Mike Pence with North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un's sister Kim Yo Jong during the Olympic opening
Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks during a session at the Week of Russian Business, organized by the Russian Union of
Thomson Reuters  Bitcoin is in danger of becoming a victim of its own success.  That's according to a
Xiang Junbo, chairman of China Insurance Regulatory Commission (CIRC), answers a question at a news conference on the sidelines of
UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres appointed former British diplomat Martin Griffiths as his new envoy charged
Daiana Lorenz/Youtube  The teens are not alright.  That's the premise behind a new recommendation from the American Academy
Ivanka Trump and Sen. Marco Rubio Alex Wong/Getty Images  Ivanka Trump, a White House adviser and daughter of President
Drew Angerer/Getty Images; Mark Wilson/Getty Images  Former Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen evidently has a huge fan in former
A Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) navy Harbin Z-9 helicopter at Changi Naval Base in Singapore, May 18, 2015. REUTERS/Edgar
Captain America's beard is going to fight for justice in "Infinity War." Marvel  Marvel released a new trailer for
Trump holds an example of what a new tax form may look like during a meeting on tax policy with
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg delivers the keynote address at Facebook's F8 Developer Conference on April 18, 2017 at McEnery Convention
Sen. Chris Murphy. Zach Gibson/Getty Images  Democratic Sen. Chris Murphy lashed out at lawmakers on the Senate floor Wednesday
By Davide Barbuscia and Stanley Carvalho  DUBAI (Reuters) - Etihad Airways is urgently examining ways to avert a technical
U.S. Secretary of Defense James Mattis attends the joint press conference after the 49th Security Consultative Meeting (SCM) at Defense
Raising Cane's Hollis Johnson  The fastest-growing restaurant chain in the US is all about one thing: chicken fingers. 
Dmitry Terekhov/Flickr  ORLANDO -- Russia's Su-57 stealth fighter, like China's Chengdu J-20, has become a bogeyman to the United
A view from Millennium Tower. AP/Eric Risberg  The situation at Millennium Tower, a San Francisco skyscraper that is sinking
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau visited San Francisco on Thursday to meet with CEO Marc Benioff, following Salesforce's promise to
Employee reviews appear to tell a different story from what was reported in 2015. Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images  Amazon has
The Kickstarter's creator estimates the bridge could be build in 8 months and recoup its cost with a $1 toll.
Trump and Turnbull. Reuters  President Donald Trump blasted Russia, Iran and the Syrian government on Friday for their military
A Marine conceals himself as he sights in on his target during a sniper-training course at Marine Corps Base Camp
It's time for one last romp with Ana and Christian. Universal Pictures  Warning: There are minor spoilers ahead for
Jeremy Corbyn. REUTERS/Pierre Albouy  A former Czech spy has reportedly claimed that Jeremy Corbyn was a paid informant in
TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan has picked the western city of Osaka to host next year's G20 summit, the first such
German Chancellor Merkel and Britain's Prime Minister May address a news conference after talks in Berlin Thomson Reuters BERLIN (Reuters)
A sign is seen above a branch of Oxfam, in central London Thomson Reuters LONDON (Reuters) - Oxfam chief executive
SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Singapore said on Tuesday it had agreed to a request from Britain not to carry out corporal
By Charlotte Greenfield  WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand's national carrier on Tuesday canceled all flights in and out of
WEST CHESTER, Pa. (AP) — One Pennsylvania resident has been called to perform his civic duty a few years earlier
Arianna Huffington reveals which book changed her life. VCG/Getty Images  I'm a big advocate of micro-learning. That is the
FILE PHOTO - A photo of the British embassy worker, Rebecca Dykes, is seen during a candlelight sit-in organised by
Michael Flynn. Jonathan Ernst/Reuters  The right-wing media sphere has latched onto a new and fairly routine judicial order as
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg at a news conference at Facebook HQ in 2010. REUTERS/Robert Galbraith  Sometime after spring this
.  Craigslist founder Craig Newmark. Reuters/Robert Galbraith  In the early 1990s, Craig Newmark was working in San Francisco
When he first heard about the idea, McDonald's CEO Ray Kroc said, "I don't care if the Pope himself comes
Mike Pence at the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics near Kim Jong Un's sister Kim Yo Jong. Getty  US Vice President
Joe Biden speaking at an event on September 16, 2014. AP  Former Vice President Joe Biden joined President Donald
Sen. Jeff Flake Zach Gibson/Getty Images  Sen. Jeff Flake, a retiring Arizona Republican and outspoken critic of the president,
Hope Hicks. Carlos Barria/Reuters  Sign up for the latest Russia investigation updates here.  White House communications director Hope
Activists hold up signs at the Florida State Capitol as they rally for gun reform legislation on February 26, 2018
Chinese President Xi Jinping (R) shakes hands with Russian President Vladimir Putin (L) at the West Lake State Guest House
There's more to being a flight attendant than meets the eye. Rachel Gillett/Business Insider  The next time you fly,
Microsoft cofounder and philanthropist Bill Gates. REUTERS/Rick Wilking  Bill Gates has never been able to pick just one book.
Antonio Brown, father of Amari Brown, speaks with the media near a sign honoring his son, Monday, July 6, 2015,
Retired US Navy Admiral William McRaven at his retirement ceremony in 2014. SSG Sean K. Harp for the Chairman of
Bill Clinton, Barack Obama, Donald Trump, George W. Bush, and Ronald Reagan. Business Insider/Skye Gould  President Donald Trump's 5,800-word
UK Prime Minister Theresa May. Getty  The government has launched a review of how online platforms including Facebook and
Getty Images  Quentin Tarantino — whom actress Uma Thurman recently said made her do a dangerous car stunt in
Birchbox cofounder Hayley Barna speaks at TechCrunch Disrupt 2014. Brian Ach/Getty  In 2017, the presence of women in venture
Rob Porter (center) in the Oval Office. Evan Vucci/AP  White House staff secretary Rob Porter, an integral part of
Daily News  The New York Daily News touted a provocative front-page cover ahead of publication on Wednesday night. 
usnavyresearch/YouTube  Photos have been circulating on social media that show a Chinese ship with what could be a prototype
One man got creative when he canceled his gym membership. Shutterstock/Skydive Erick  Breakups can be complicated — even when
Miami, Florida. travelview/Shutterstock  A cryptocurrency conference in Miami hosted a networking event at a strip club last month. 
JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - A South African minister inadvertently misled parliament when she said a local consultancy firm linked to business
Thomson Reuters  Microscopic organisms that have been engineered to produce different material could one day be part of your
Former Tesco executives John Scouler, Carl Rogberg and Christopher Bush are on trial at Southwark Crown Court Reuters / Hannah
Alfonso Domingo, co-director of the documentary "Invisible Heroes: African-Americans in the Spanish Civil War", explains the unknown work of the
More than 100 female MPs and peers. UK Parliament/Jessica Taylor  Female MPs and members of the House of Lords
A member of the FBI leaves the Mandalay Bay hotel following the mass shooting in Las Vegas, Nevada, October 4,
The Netherlands team won the bronze medal without being on the ice. NBC  A wild scene unfolded in the
Ohio police say a middle-school student shot himself in the bathroom and is being treated at a hospital.  Police
The first Zumwalt-class destroyer, USS Zumwalt, DDG-1000. Jeff Head/Flickr  The Navy is asking Congress for funding to equip its
Chipotle's New York City test kitchen. Hollis Johnson  Chipotle on Monday added a trendy new item to the menu
FILE PHOTO: Turkey's President Tayyip Erdogan looks on ahead of a meeting at the EU Parliament in Brussels Thomson Reuters
FILE PHOTO: Passengers wait inside a stopped C subway train during the morning commute in New York City Thomson Reuters
Anti-North Korean activists burn Kim Jong-un's portrait while the North Korean ferry, Man Gyong Bong arrives at Mukho Port in
YouTube  Gamers rule YouTube.  Throughout the years, gamers have taken to the video site to upload their own
Shaun White after his gold-medal-winning performance. Getty Images  Shaun White broke down in tears Wednesday after adding a third
Zara's "Check Mini Skirt." Zara  Zara is being accused of cultural appropriation over a $90 skirt that some people
Darren Osborne. London Metropolitan Police  Darren Osborne, the man who drove a van into a crowd outside a London
Virgin Money CEO Jayne-Anne Gadhia. Reuters  LONDON — Virgin Money spent £38.3 million last year developing a digital bank
"We've learned how stress-free life can be when you're not suffocating in 'stuff.'" Courtesy of How Far From Home 
Kim Jong Nam arrives at Beijing airport in Beijing, China, in this photo taken by Kyodo February 11, 2007. Reuters/KYODO
President Donald Trump with Keith Schiller Evan Vucci/AP  The RNC has paid Schiller's private security firm, KS Global Group,
Shutterstock  It's easy when you're travelling to just hit the neighbourhoods recommended in the latest glossy but miss the
KABUL (Reuters) - The Taliban said on Wednesday they want to end Afghanistan's war through dialogue but warned that their
KUWAIT CITY (AP) — The Latest on the conference under way in Kuwait to help Iraq rebuild after the devastating
FILE PHOTO: Japan Display Inc's high resolution panel for mobile is displayed at its headquarters in Tokyo Thomson Reuters TOKYO
WILMINGTON, N.Y. (AP) — It's still not clear how a 49-year-old skier whose disappearance sparked a massive search on a
Still image from United States Navy video purportedly shows Chinese dredging vessels in the waters around Mischief Reef in the
CIA counterterrorism analyst Philip Mudd. CNN  Following the high school shooting in Parkland, Florida on Wednesday, analysts appeared on
Scholz and Kohnen attend the Social Democratic Party (SPD) traditional Ash Wednesday meeting in Vilshofen Thomson Reuters By Ayhan Uyanik
The Castillo de San Marcos, a seventeenth century Spanish Fort in Saint Augustine, Florida. Shutterstock  Ranging from an ancient
Welcome to Digital Health Briefing, a new morning newsletter providing the latest news, data, and insight on how digital technology
South Korea's Haesindang Park is full of phallic monuments. Eric Gaillard/Reuters  SINNAM, South Korea (Reuters) - Even the bright
Parents wait for news after a reports of a shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, on
The booming population in the world's urban centers has caused a housing crunch. REUTERS/Danish Siddiqui  The population of the
Rascals restaurant in London is hosting a cheese pulling contest  The winner gets their body weight in cheese. 
Nikolas Cruz (center) appears via video monitor with Melisa McNeill (right), his public defender, at a bond court hearing in
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico's energy regulator, CRE, gave the go-ahead on Monday to an increase in the ethanol content
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif. pauses while meeting with reporters outside the White House in Washington, Wednesday,
Not the plane or passengers in question. Unsplash/Chris Brignola  Everyone has experienced a flight with some very irritating fellow
The world's first clone of an adult animal, Dolly the sheep, bleats during a photocall at the Roslin Institute in
Nikolas Cruz. Broward County Jail via Assocaited Press  Nikolas Cruz, the 19-year-old suspect in last week's shooting at a
Mike Segar/Reuters  President Donald Trump, seeking to counter the explosive claims made in a recent tell-all book by the
This June 6, 2013 file photo shows the National Security Administration (NSA) campus in Fort Meade, Md., where the US
Some of the first concept art that was released for Toy Story Land. Disney Parks  Toy Story Land is
Markets Insider  Rite Aid's stock rose Monday after Albertsons announced a deal to acquire the drugstore chain in a
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. REUTERS/Trish Badger  Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is set to meet with Amazon CEO
The Radcliffe Camera, part of Oxford University's campus. Oli Scarff/Getty Images  An Oxford graduate, who tried to sue the
AP/Mark Lennihan  Amazon and its subsidiary Whole Foods have started a trial program in four US cities to deliver
AppNexus CEO Brian O'Kelley. AppNexus  Since at least 2013, folks in the ad tech business have been expecting the
Clarisse Meyer / Unsplash  Pet names are more or less unavoidable. Even if you have an agreement in your
National Security Adviser Michael Flynn sits in the front row before the start of the President Donald Trump and Japanese
Some followers of Suitsupply have expressed outrage at the brand's new ads. Facebook/Suitsupply  Most companies try to avoid controversy.
Rick Gates Aaron P. Bernstein/Getty Images  Political consultant Rick Gates, who served as a deputy to his longtime business
Shutterstock.com  When you're pregnant, it often feels like any minor pain or body ache you experience is particularly painful,
Croatia's President Kolinda Grabar Kitarovic and Serbia's President Aleksandar Vucic walk in Zagreb Thomson Reuters By Igor Ilic  ZAGREB
Police are seen outside the Lidwina Catholic Church after a knife-wielding attacker wounded four church-goers in Sleman, Yogyakarta, Indonesia Thomson
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May returns to 10 Downing Street in London Thomson Reuters DUBLIN/LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister
Elon Musk wants to transform the world's power grids with batteries and solar panels. Mark Brake / Getty Images 
Gerry Kelly. Getty  A Northern Irish politician has been reported to the police for criminal damage after being filmed
Hollis Johnson/Business Insider  Since last October, many millions of people have purchased a Google Home device.  Google sells
A customer browses screens displaying recreational marijuana products for sale at the MedMen store in West Hollywood, California on January
The fate of her fortune remains unknown. Thomas Tunsch/Wikimedia Commons  It sounds like a fairy tale gone off the
A NASA technician prepares a golden record for installation on the Voyager 1 spacecraft. NASA/JPL-Caltech  After years of effort,
Shutterstock  Earlier this week, insiders in the Israeli aviation industry told Haaretz that Saudi Arabia reportedly granted approval to
Cheap flights to Hawaii might start becoming the new norm based on recent trends. JJ Madden/Shutterstock  Pristine beaches, dramatic
Rob Porter with White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders Alex Brandon/AP  White House counsel Don McGahn was informed
Steve Bannon. AP Photo/Evan Vucci, File  The FBI may have "incidentally collected" surveillance on former White House chief strategist
Trump holds Public Safety Medal of Valor Awards Ceremony at the White House in Washington Thomson Reuters  President Donald
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The Mexican attorney general's office said on Sunday that human remains found last week belong to
Warren Buffett Kevin Lamarque/Reuters  Warren Buffett's letter to shareholders released Saturday showed the final scorecard of his 10-year bet
David Hogg speaking on CNN. Conspiracy theories have spread online that Hogg is a paid crisis actor. Screenshot/CNN  It's
WPA Pool  LONDON — Theresa May's government is reportedly not ready to come to an agreement on what sort
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence speaks with a Japanese Ground Self-Defense Force officer as he inspects PAC-3 missile interceptors with
Police guard the US Embassy in Podgorica, Montenegro, February 22, 2018. REUTERS/Stevo Vasiljevic  PODGORICA, Montenegro (AP) — The man
Prime Minister Theresa May with Irish Taoiseach Leo Varadkar. REUTERS/Hannah McKay  LONDON — The European Union will propose keeping
Kirsty Blackman MP. Kirsty Blackman  LONDON — The SNP has failed to make the case for Scottish independence in
Theresa May rules out staying int he customs union. Dan Kitwood / Getty  LONDON — Theresa May has "categorically"
FILE PHOTO: The Boeing logo is seen on a Boeing 787 Dreamliner airplane in Long Beach Thomson Reuters SINGAPORE (Reuters)
ROME (AP) — A court in Milan has asked Italy's Constitutional Court to rule in the case of a right-to-die
"Last Men in Aleppo." Grasshopper Films  Syrian film producer Kareem Abeed will not be allowed to attend the Academy
Whole Foods suppliers say the grocer's costly new policies are hurting their business. AP/Mark Lennihan  Whole Foods is changing
Donald Trump. Mark Wilson / Getty  President Donald Trump broke a brief period of Twitter silence on Thursday morning
Theresa May and Claude Juncker Getty  LONDON — The UK government has called for the EU to discuss extending
.  Lynne Doughtie is the chairman and CEO of KPMG. AP Images  Lynne Doughtie has spent her entire
Chilean victim of clerical sexual abuse Cruz speaks with media after meeting with investigator, Archbishop Scicluna of Malta in New
"Thank you, Tabitha. You may not have a job tomorrow." Marissa Rundell via Storyful/YouTube  A woman was recently removed
A video monitor shows school shooting suspect Nikolas Cruz, left, with public defender Melisa McNeille, making an appearance before Judge
The Insider Picks team writes about stuff we think you'll like. Business Insider has affiliate partnerships so we get a
Justin Sullivan/Getty Images  People who preordered Apple's smart speaker, the HomePod, will receive them Friday.  If you're still
These women don't need a man to prop them up. Marvel  Warning: There are spoilers ahead for "Black Panther."
FILE PHOTO: A wellhead is seen at an Occidental Petroleum Corp carbon dioxide enhanced oil recovery project in Hobbs Thomson
White House chief of staff John Kelly during a press briefing. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque  Following an embarrassing scandal that led
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Federal authorities have charged three men with illegally exporting drone parts and other material from the United
Mark Lyons/Getty Images  The White House on Monday unveiled President Donald Trump's long-awaited infrastructure plan that aims to rehabilitate
“There are several reasons why this is harmful legislation,” said Jeff Nash, Chapel Hill-Carborro Schools spokesperson. “One, a district our
Minkah Makalani, an associate professor of African and Diaspora studies at UT Austin, said that there were an array of
Stanly Community College eliminated D's from its grading scale, and students seem to be benefiting. The change prompted conversation about
On April 23, 1971, a full-page “Insight” feature story about being gay in Chapel Hill appeared on page three of
“I wanted to accomplish getting the history and the knowledge out there,” Everett said.  The documentary explores a violent
In celebration of Black History Month and the Black Student Movement’s 50th anniversary, the Arts Everywhere initiative and BSM have
"The president’s agencies have either called for deep cuts to workforce programs, or they have refused to spend the training
Elizabeth Adkins’ election to the student body presidency in 2017 has been labeled a “win” for Turning Point USA, a
“It doubles the faculty that they have access to,” said Naji Husseini, a lecturer in the BME department. “They can
“It’s been so amazing, like so much more than I could ever imagine. We just took our first field trip
Klein said although he went to mass every week for years growing up, he didn’t connect with many people in
The proposed fee for the Kenan-Flagler Business School dominated the conversation during the University’s Faculty Executive Committee meeting on Feb.
Me: Do you feel safe at your school? Son: Yes Me: Do you ever have safety practice? Son: Yes, we
“Redrawn and redrawn and redrawn, but we're back in the Triangle,” he said.  Price said the government is bogged
“Many programs around the country have used us as a model for upstream recruitment and we serve as a model
She said these programs are crucial for diversifying the University and making underrepresented students feel comfortable and accepted.  “Diversity
When I was a first-year just like you, my pee burned all of a sudden. I went to Campus Health
U.S. Sen. Thom Tillis, R-N.C., introduced the Carryover Equity Act of 2018 – a bipartisan bill that would allow financial
In the English department, the core courses for majors focus on British literature, while more globally-focused courses can be taken
The Orange County Board of Commissioners voted last week to join over 200 governments nationwide in suing opioid manufacturing and
Students plan to meet with administration members at each high school this week to discuss their plans. While students are
Hamlin said the bill would take funding away from the state’s Historically Black Colleges and Universities and make getting an
TABLE serves all preschools, elementary and middle schools in the Chapel Hill and Carrboro district.  Ashton Chatham Tippins, TABLE's
First-year Laura Ziperski plans to apply to the business school and does not feel the fee will hinder others from
Founder and vice president of Carolina General Aviation Daniel Schwartz has been interested in flying since he was a kid,
On Monday, Student Body President candidates met for the final time during a debate hosted by the Board of Elections,
MANILA - Malacañang on Monday slammed Communist Party of the Philippines (CPP) founding chair Jose Maria Sison for saying that
MANILA - Ellen Adarna and John Lloyd Cruz, who have long been rumored to be expecting a child together, were
MANILA - "Wildflower," the hit primetime series starring Maja Salvador as the vengeful Lily Cruz, once again cautioned "strong parental
MANILA—The House Committee on Welfare of Children has approved a bill seeking to impose a curfew on minors or those
Davao City Mayor Sara Duterte speaks at the launch of Tapang at Malasakit in Taguig City, October 23, 2017. ABS-CBN
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - Senator Risa Hontiveros said Monday she sought to lower the value
Five Dubai-bound passengers were intercepted Saturday night at Ninoy Aquino International Airport Terminal 3 after their carry-on luggage yielded P2.4
Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno and lawyer Lorenzo Gadon. File photos  MANILA—Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno has never met
MANILA—Lawmakers on Wednesday questioned telecommunications companies on the sudden disappearance of prepaid load, stemming from seemingly automatic enrollment of numbers
MANILA – The mother of Zanjoe Marudo has passed away.  The actor, however, provided no details about the cause
Former Chief Justice Reynato Puno answers questions during a Senate hearing on charter change on January 17, 2018. George Calvelo,
Whang-ud tattooes day by day in a makeshift tattoo shop. Her customers comprise foreign and local tattoo enthusiasts. Jonathan Cellona,
An employee works next to empty shelves which stock toilet roll at a supermarket in Taipei on February 27, 2018.
MANILA - Ayala Corp said Thursday it acquired the National Teachers College, expanding its education business.  AC Education bought
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - President Rodrigo Duterte has authorized the importation of an additional 250,000
MANILA - The government needs P51.6 billion to fully rehabilitate conflict-stricken Marawi City and adjacent areas in the wake of
President Rodrigo Duterte expresses his gratitude to soldiers for their gallantry in his speech during a site inspection in Marawi
President Rodrigo Duterte and Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno. Composite/Malacanang Photo/ABS-CBN News  MANILA - (UPDATE) President Rodrigo Duterte can
MANILA (UPDATE) - Malacañang said Thursday it has received notification that the International Criminal Court (ICC) would start "preliminary examination"
MANILA - Globe Telecom said Thursday it was in talks with third parties for the establishment of a tower company.
Human rights advocates light candles in protest of President Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs in Quezon City, December 10, 2017.
Overseas Filipino workers (OFWs) from Kuwait arrive at the Ninoy Aquino International Airport (NAIA) in Manila on Monday February 12,
MANILA - Members of the Makabayan bloc in the House of Representatives have filed separate bills seeking salary increases for
Sally Hawkins's Eliza strikes an unlikely relationship with a fish man portrayed by Doug Jones. 20th Century Fox  MANILA
MANILA - President Rodrigo Duterte will retreat to his home province on Sunday with instructions to bar no one, including
Ruins of Marawi City. Photo by Fernando G. Sepe Jr., ABS-CBN News  MANILA - China and Malaysia have expressed
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - President Rodrigo Duterte's right-hand man Christopher "Bong" Go has "nothing to
A worker shows used anti-dengue vaccine Dengvaxia inside a vaccine storage room in Sta. Cruz, Metro Manila. Reuters  Vaccine
A post shared by @lucytgomez on Dec 21, 2017 at 10:37pm PST  MANILA – Richard Gomez is taking his
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA (UPDATED) - The two psychiatrists who evaluated Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - The head of the House justice committee on Tuesday threatened to
President Rodrigo Roa Duterte welcomes Norwegian Special Envoy to the Peace Process Between the Government of the Philippines and the
MANILA - Senator Antonio Trillanes IV on Wednesday said he believes Special Assistant to the President Christopher "Bong" Go was
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - An opposition senator believes the Worldwide Threat Assessment of the US
Overseas Filipino Workers (OFW) from Kuwait arrive at the Ninoy Aquino International Airport (NAIA) in Manila on Monday, February 12,
MANILA -- It's not just restaurants and flower shops that are cashing in on Valentine's Day. Other businesses are also
MANILA - Facebook came under scrutiny Tuesday as journalists grappled with the proliferation of false information deliberately spread on the
MANILA - Presidential Spokesperson Harry Roque on Tuesday said he would resign if the anti-“fake news” bill being pushed by
FILE PHOTO: Senate President Aquilino “Koko” Pimentel III presides as a colleague delivers a privilege speech at the Senate Plenary
MANILA - The Philippine government should decide whether to revive its dormant claim over Sabah, while considering “political realities” in
MANILA -- The streets of Binondo, Chinatown are abuzz again this year as everyone gears up for Chinese New Year
Hawak ni Eva Demafelis ang larawan ng anak na si Joanna, na natagpuang patay sa loob ng freezer sa isang
MANILA - More insurance companies face possible closure due to inadequate capital, after 7 closed voluntarily for failure to meet
MANILA - Awareness on cybersecurity and data protection has risen in the Philippines over the last decade, an information security
MANILA - An anti-political dynasty provision could jeopardize the approval in a plebiscite of the proposed Bangsamoro Basic Law (BBL),
Department of Tourism Secretary Wanda Teo. Jonathan Cellona, ABS-CBN News File photo  MANILA- Tourism Sec. Wanda Corazon Teo on
MANILA - Another bill postponing the barangay and Sangguniang Kabataan (SK) elections scheduled this May was filed at the House
MANILA - Confessed drug distributor Kerwin Espinosa on Friday appeared at a court hearing despite an earlier letter saying he
A post shared by Céline Dion (@celinedion) on Apr 16, 2017 at 5:12pm PDT  MANILA – Filipino fans won’t
Senate President Aquilino “Koko” Pimentel III (7th from right) shows the families of hazing victims a copy of Senate Bill
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA – Filipino workers repatriated from Kuwait can be diverted to other countries
MANILA - House Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez has warned powerful businessmen who allegedly tried to bribe him as he called on
US President Donald Trump. Reuters/FILE PHOTO  WEST PALM BEACH, Florida - President Donald Trump said Sunday that Russia was
US Air Force officer passes in front of a MQ-9 Reaper drone, one of a squadron that has arrived to
A technical diver checks out the coral cover during an expedition at Benham Rise last May 26, 2016. Screengrab from
President Rodrigo Duterte. Richard Madelo, Malacanang Photo  MANILA - A Filipino-American businesswoman on Monday denied that she conspired with
MANILA - As commuters burdened by their own problems passed by the People Power Monument on congested EDSA, a group
She's reportedly pregnant with her first child.  And on Tuesday, Ellen Adarna covered up her rumored baby bump while
The House of Representatives Committee on Population and Family Relations made history as it submitted a divorce bill for plenary
Detainees stand up during a roll call at the Bacoor City Jail, May 8, 2017. Jonathan Cellona, ABS-CBN News 
The Philippine Airlines has been certified as a 4-star airline by Skytrax, a London-based international air transport rating organization. 
Lawyer Jude Sabio, one of the complainants who filed a communication with the International Criminal Court regarding the government's war
All's well that ends well. Their marriage may have ended, but that doesn't mean they can't be happy for one
OFWs from Kuwait gather upon arrival at the Ninoy Aquino International Airport in Pasay, Wednesday following President Rodrigo Duterte's call
File photo taken October 2016 shows Kent Whitaker (L) and his son Bart during a visit to Bart's prison in
Eugene Domingo and Sherry Lara star in 'Night, Mother.' Handout photo  MANILA -- Actor-writer Ian Lomongo was battling depression
(From left) Sofia Sanchez de Betak, Liya Kebede, Julianne Moore, and Sienna Miller attend the Tory Burch Fall Winter 2018
Brothers and ex-comrades of the late "rebel priest" Conrado Balweg continue his fight for autonomy in the Cordilleras. From right:
MANILA - A former finance minister cautioned the government on Tuesday against providing amnesty for delinquent tax payers.  Former
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - The Philippine government should show a willingness to cooperate with the
Cebu 3rd District Representative Gwendolyn Garcia asks questions during the house probe on BuCor-Tadeco deal on May 30, 2017. Rep.
MANILA - The Department of Environment and Natural Resources (DENR) had funds to conduct research in the Benham Rise, also
A post shared by VIVA ARTISTS (@vivaartistsagency) on Feb 1, 2018 at 8:09am PST  MANILA – Sarah Geronimo is
MANILA – Actress Coleen Garcia flew to Hawaii with her closest friends to celebrate her remaining days as a single
President Rodrigo Duterte speaks with House Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez in this photo taken at the Makati Shangri-La Hotel, September 19,
MANILA - Cebu Pacific, the country's largest airline, said Tuesday it would fly to Melbourne starting in August, banking on
MANILA- The Bureau of Immigration (BI) has deported 73 Chinese nationals arrested more than a month ago in Ilocos and
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  Senator Cynthia Villar on Tuesday blamed the National Food Authority for causing rice
MANILA - Presidential Spokesperson Harry Roque on Tuesday said he would recommend to President Rodrigo Duterte a different United Nations
MANILA - Communist rebels abducted and released 6 farm workers, including 2 off-duty militiamen, in Quezon Province, a police report
This photo taken on Monday shows people walking into a mosque in Taipei. Mandy Cheng, AFP  TAIPEI - From
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  But PH uncertainty, withdrawn incentives threaten competitiveness, says ECCP's Taus  MANILA –
JOLO, Sulu - Police said Sunday they were hunting for 12 inmates who escaped from a jail in this southern
MANILA - Internet speeds using the LTE frequency have plateaued worldwide, as telecommunications companies focused more on expanding their reach,
MANILA - (2ND UPDATE) The Sandiganbayan on Monday ordered the arrest of Davao del Norte Rep. Antonio Floirendo Jr. for
Judge Jessica Arong O'Brien  A Filipino American judge in Illinois was found guilty of mail and bank fraud in
Alleged Abu Sayyaf member Abulpatta Abubakar was arrested in Quezon City in 2017.  WASHINGTON - The United States said
The leader of an Islamic separatist organization in the southern Philippines met Indonesian Foreign Minister Retno Marsudi on Thursday to
DUBAI -- A Filipino seaman died, while 2 other persons were injured in a towboat fire in the waters off
The Department of Justice (DOJ) has ordered the National Bureau of Investigation (NBI) to probe the recruitment agency that deployed
Chinese tourists arrive at the Laoag International Airport in 2017 as direct flights from Guangzhou, China to Laoag City resume.
Former Supreme Court Associate Justice Vicente Mendoza  MANILA - The Philippines is not ready for federalism, according to former
MANILA - The Department of Justice (DOJ) has ordered an investigation into virtual currency firm Digital Currency Co. Ltd. (DCC)
MANILA - Returning overseas Filipino workers to Kuwait are now allowed to depart after a new directive was issued exempting
MANILA -- Sharon Cuneta is gearing up for a concert to mark her 40th anniversary in show business.  In
One of the reasons why some people are reluctant to start their own business is the lack of capital. It
UNITED NATIONS - North Korea violated United Nations sanctions to earn nearly $200 million in 2017 from banned commodity exports,
MANILA - House Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez on Tuesday said he is cold to personally endorsing the impeachment complaint against Ombudsman
MANILA - President Rodrigo Duterte on Tuesday said he would not accept “insults” from the European Union, as he reiterated
Foreign ministers pose for a group photo at the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) Foreign Ministers' Meeting retreat in
MANILA - Former Senator Ferdinand "Bongbong" Marcos Jr. on Tuesday signed a joint motion to withdraw all outstanding pleadings before
A total of 1,076 policemen from Caloocan City gather in front of the Camp Crame grandstand during the closing rites
Exciting news from @SGAirshow! Philippine Air Force to receive 16 Bell 412EPI helicopters. pic.twitter.com/NhHK0PUNMF — Bell Helicopter (@BellHelicopter) February 6,
MANILA - President Rodrigo Duterte on Tuesday quipped that Philippine National Police (PNP) chief Director General Ronald dela Rosa wants
MANILA (UPDATED) - President Rodrigo Duterte on Tuesday said he fired former Commission on Higher Education (CHEd) chairperson Patricia Licuanan
MANILA - President Rodrigo Duterte’s consultative committee will open discussions even to critics on a proposed federal constitution, its chairman
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA (UPDATE) - The former chief of the Philippine Navy on Monday strongly
MANILA - The Philippine National Police on Monday said it is on the hunt for suspected New People's Army rebels
MANILA - Local executives spent much of their assembly Thursday afternoon listening to members of President Rodrigo Duterte’s consultative committee
MANILA - The House of Representatives on Tuesday approved on final reading a bill proposing the creation of a Department
MANILA - (UPDATE) The parents of hazing victim Horacio "Atio" Castillo III lauded the Supreme Court's swift action on the
MANILA - The Public Attorneys Office on Sunday warned that former Health Secretary Esperanza Cabral may be held liable for
MANILA - Senator Antonio Trillanes IV on Sunday said he is set to file a resolution calling on the Senate
Sereno camp says it's hearsay unless source testifies under oath  MANILA - House Justice Committee Chair Reynaldo Umali on
Policemen guard Sen. Leila de Lima inside a police van after appearing at a Muntinlupa court in connection with her
A state necrological ceremony was held for late National Artist for Sculpture Napoleon Abueva at the Cultural Center of the
MANILA - Malacañang on Wednesday slammed non-government organization Human Rights Watch (HRW) for calling for the dropping of drug charges
Overseas Filipino Workers (OFWs) from Kuwait arrive at the Ninoy Aquino International Airport (NAIA) in Manila on Monday February 12,
MANILA - Senator Leila de Lima on Wednesday called on Filipinos to remain steadfast in fighting for justice as her
House Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez and Deputy Speaker Gwen Garcia. Composite/File photos  MANILA - House Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez on Wednesday
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  A maritime law expert on Wednesday said Filipinos were robbed by China of
MANILA - (UPDATED) Malacañang on Monday rejected calls that government stop conducting autopsies on a number of children who died
MANILA - The Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (VACC) and the Vanguards of the Philippine Constitution, Inc. (VCPI) on Monday
Pizza Express offers 'inspired Italian' cuisine. Photo by author  MANILA -- Another international restaurant chain lands on Philippine shores.
A man walks through light rain in front of the Hey Google booth under construction at the Las Vegas Convention
MANILA - President Rodrigo Duterte on Wednesday hosted over 200 former communist rebels in Malacañang, as the administration pursued efforts
Miss Universe-Philippines 2017 Rachel Peters is in a net of emotions as she prepares to relinquish her crown to her
Richard Gates (pictured) and Trump's former campaign manager Paul Manafort were indicted in October on counts that include conspiracy to
MANILA - The Philippines is eyeing Oman and Bahrain as alternative destinations for Filipino workers, after Manila ordered a total
MANILA - Ultraman's snake eyes glowed, his knife hand ready to slice American forces in half, as the Japanese Imperial
MANILA -- Julia Barretto is grateful to have a friend in Liza Soberano who never ceases to support her. 
MANILA - Unregistered beauty and whitening products worth an estimated P10 million were confiscated during a raid on a condominium
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - President Rodrigo Duterte is a threat to American interests, a top
MANILA (UPDATE) - The Senate ethics committee on Tuesday junked the complaints against detained Senator Leila De Lima.  Lawyer
Pimentel explains his proposed federal model at the sub-committee meeting on the Bangsamoro pic.twitter.com/i4VHsbGoJu — Christian Esguerra (@IanEsguerra) February 20,
Family and friends gather at the Iloilo airport to await the arrival of the remains of Joanna Demafelis, the Filipina
MANILA - Members of the Save Sual Movement and the Philippine Movement for Climate Justice protested in front of the
MANILA – Dingdong Dantes is set to work on another Star Cinema project soon.  This, after the actor posted
MANILA- President Rodrigo Duterte has ordered a halt on the entry and creation of new casinos to prevent an oversupply
President Rodrigo Duterte and Presidential Security Group (PSG) Commander Brig. Gen. Lope Dagoy witness the Change of Command Ceremony at
Buhay party-list Rep. Lito Atienza. Mark Demayo, ABS-CBN News  MANILA- Making divorce legal in the Philippines may worsen problems
UnionBank's "bank ambassadors" welcome customers to its flagship digital bank branch called The Ark in Makati  MANILA - If
MANILA - Students and teachers were able to “borrow” a senator, a broadcaster, a beauty queen and other personalities who
Chinese Ambassador to the Philippines Zhao Jianhua talks to President Rodrigo Duterte at the Malacañan Palace on September 13, 2017.
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - A group of experts formed by President Rodrigo Duterte to study
Civil defence help an unconscious woman from a shelter in the besieged town of Douma in eastern Ghouta in Damascus,
Divers swim above a bed of corals off Malaysia's Tioman island in the South China Sea May 4, 2008. REUTERS/David
The SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket carrying a PAZ Earth Observation satellite streaks across the sky after launching from Vandenberg Air
A worker hangs dried fish onto poles at a processing facility on the outskirts of Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, China December
MANILA - Corruption “is a problem that cannot be solved overnight,” Malacañang stressed Friday after the Philippines ranked its lowest
MANILA - Former Health Secretary Janette Garin on Friday filed a libel case against her successor Paulyn Jean Ubial and
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - The Bureau of Internal Revenue on Friday urged workers to report
MANILA - The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on Friday reiterated that news website Rappler may still operate, even as
A post shared by Nadine Lustre (@nadine) on Feb 14, 2018 at 5:07pm PST  MANILA – Actress Nadine Lustre
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - President Rodrigo Duterte's daughter Davao City Mayor Sara Duterte-Carpio on Friday
MANILA - The Philippines saw the most significant drop in the 2017 World Justice Project Rule of Law Index after
A student grimaces in pain as a health worker administers an anti-dengue vaccine at Parang Marikina Elementary School on April
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - Export perks help introduce Cebu-made products to Europe, a European business
MANILA - Several workers unions have denounced the move of Coca-Cola's franchise bottler in the Philippines to layoff employees starting
MANILA - The central bank confirmed on Thursday that Monetary Board member Valentin Araneta passed away on February 21 at
FVR now addressing UP students pic.twitter.com/HYTbXr0mOx — Mike Navallo (@mikenavallo) February 22, 2018  Former President Fidel V. Ramos is
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - Former president Benigno Aquino III on Monday criticized a forensics expert
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  ABS-CBN News was given access to the USS Carl Vinson over the weekend
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  CANADA - Former Iglesia Ni Cristo (INC) member Lowell Menorca is now a
Police announced Friday the "arrest" of another high-ranking Communist Party of the Philippines official but later clarified that the suspect
MANILA - Mount Mayon spewed a 1,000-meter ash plume on Friday, as authorities looked for ways to decongest evacuation centers
Felina Salinas, a follower of Kingdom of Jesus Christ founder Apollo Quiboloy, seen here in a 2015 interview with Kababayan
A 13-year-old Filipina based in Dublin got a standing ovation from all four judges of "Ireland's Got Talent," earning her
MANILA - The National Police Commission and Philippine National Police honored on Monday the PNP model families for 2017 at
SYDNEY - A cruise ship was forced to return to Sydney after a brawl over a toilet queue, with a
Cagayan De Oro Mayor Oscar Moreno (in red) speaks to reporters. ABS-CBN News File photo  MANILA - Cagayan De
The Philippine Center of Investigative Journalism (PCIJ) will be bringing its advocacy closer to students and citizens as it joins
MONTREAL, Canada - Hundreds of thousands of pilots will need to be trained to meet growing demand for air transport
Sen. Antonio Trillanes IV and Magdalo Rep. Gary Alejano. Composite    MANILA - Opposition lawmakers on Tuesday slammed
Philippine National Police (PNP) Chief Ronald Dela Rosa. Jonathan Cellona, ABS-CBN News File photo  MANILA - The Philippines' top
Authorities carry the body of Chinese national Young Thai Hang, who died in a boat accident Saturday morning. Aiza Marrie
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - Facebook may have elevated its status from just a mere platform
MANILA - The Philippines and China have reaffirmed their commitment to peacefully resolving the South China Sea dispute as they
MANILA - President Rodrigo Duterte on Tuesday warned Kuwait of “karma" as the sharp-tongued leader continued to lash out at
Former Chief Justice Reynato Puno (right) at a Senate hearing. ABS-CBN News file photo  “What's on the mind of
U.S. President Donald Trump holds a meeting on infrastructure with members of Congress at the White House in Washington, U.S.,
A rice vendor tends to his stall at the Quinta Market in Quiapo area in Manila. Jonathan Cellona, ABS-CBN News
American rock band Vertical Horizon rouses the crowd at the Playback Music Festival at Circuit Makati Saturday night. Tarra Quismundo,
Chef Kel Zaguirre poses for a photo at his new venture Fyre. Photo by Jeeves de Veyra  MANILA --
Relatives pay a condolence visit to the mother of one of the abducted Government Girls Science Technical College (GGSTC) Dapchi
The country's top cop on Friday described as unfair an Amnesty International report that said Philippine police officers have not
File photo taken October 2016 shows Kent Whitaker (L) and his son Bart during a visit to Bart's prison in
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull and United States President Donald Trump. Composite/File  MELBOURNE - Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull
BROOKE’S POINT, Palawan- Ipilan Nickel Corporation has decried the local government’s demolition of the company’s property here, saying it was
MANILA - Protesters against charter change flocked to the People Power Monument on Saturday ahead of the commemoration of the
National Artist for Visual Arts Napoleon Abueva was laid to rest at high noon Saturday at the Libingan ng mga
MANILA - Bargain stalls that sell cell phones, clothes and bags or "tiangge" will have a space in the revamped
Italy's former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi gestures as he attends television talk show "Porta a Porta" (Door to Door) in
Health workers call on the Duterte administration to consider public health as a priority. Kevin Manalo, ABS-CBN News  MANILA
IT consultant Helen Perez-Macasaet during the House hearing on the possible impeachment of Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno in Quezon
#ANCRecap: Presidential Spokesperson Harry Roque says Trillanes' accusations are 'old news.' pic.twitter.com/IpmJAFJ3Ep — ABS-CBN News Channel (@ANCALERTS) February 4, 2018
When then presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte dismissed as “garbage” the exposé of Sen. Antonio Trillanes IV during last two weeks
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  China may soon develop bases in Scarborough Shoal and deploy fighter jets to
Sanofi Pasteur: No Dengvaxia-related death has been reported to us  MANILA - The Department of Health (DOH) on Friday
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - Sovereignty issues in the South China Sea should be set aside
Silvestre Bello III with Members of the House of Representatives gather as they attend the State of the Nation address
NDFP consultant Rafael Baylosis and alleged New People's Army member Guillermo Roque underwent inquest Thursday night at Camp Crame, Quezon
Policemen knock door to door and interview residents during a drug testing operation in Payatas, Quezon City, August 23, 2017.
MANILA - President Rodrigo Duterte is not at all affected by the move of the International Criminal Court (ICC) to
MANILA - As Boracay grapples with wastewater pollution, tourism authorities should promote the beaches of northern Aklan and nearby Carabao
MANILA – Regine Velasquez feels sad that she won’t be able to make it to Sarah Geronimo’s 15th anniversary concert
Presidential Spokesperson Harry Roque on Wednesday said feminists are sometimes overacting when it comes to President Rodrigo Duterte.  He
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - A Filipino woman is reportedly missing in Hualien, Taiwan following a
MANILA - President Rodrigo Duterte is prohibiting Cabinet members from using protocol license plates.  "By the way, wala akong
MANILA - The National Bureau of Investigation (NBI) on Thursday said the cyber libel complaint against news website Rappler has
Senate Majority Leader Vicente Sotto III. File photo  MANILA (UPDATE) - The prospects of passing a divorce bill at
President Rodrigo Roa Duterte. Ace Morandante, Malacanang Photo  MANILA - President Rodrigo Duterte banned a Rappler reporter from Malacañang
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  AURORA, Illinois –A 45-year old native of Paete, Laguna is the first Filipino
MANILA - Malacañang on Wednesday said the Philippine government is not being too soft on Beijing despite the latter’s activities
Former President Benigno Aquino III appears at the Senate hearing on his administration's procurement of the controversial Dengvaxia vaccine, December
Remains of Joanna Daniela Demafelis, the OFW whose body was found in a freezer in Kuwait, arrives at the cargo
Filipino workers who were repatriated from Kuwait take part in a dialogue with a Department of Labour official at Ninoy
PH Embassy sa Kuwait, nakipagpulong na sa forensic experts kaugnay ng kaso ng pagpatay sa isang OFW sa naturang bansa
Bohol Representative Arthur Yap. File photo  MANILA - Bohol Representative Arthur Yap is asking the Sandiganbayan to allow him
Courtesy of Acer Philippines Facebook page  MANILA - Acer's approach to cloud computing is different from that of other
Murder charges were filed Friday against the ex-girlfriend of slain Philippine Air Force Sgt. Mark Herbert Oberes, whose body was
People sell balloons for Valentine's Day in Los Angeles in this file photo. Lucy Nicholson, Reuters  BOSTON -- Chocolates
Italian century-old castles, buildings and vineyards have become prime locations for some mainstream Filipino movies and teleseryes.  But this
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - President Rodrigo Duterte on Monday dismissed allegations against Philippine Charity Sweepstakes
MANILA -- Valentine's Day is just around the corner and anyone who has a partner always have one problem during
MANILA - Throughout her decade-long showbiz career, Nathalie Hart has been known by three screen names, including this latest one
A post shared by Xian Lim (@xianlimm) on Jan 30, 2018 at 6:05am PST  Xian Lim attended the premiere
A firefighter inspects a facility to support senior people on welfare, where a fire occurred, in Sapporo, Japan, in this
MANILA (2nd UPDATE) - Authorities rearrested a consultant of the National Democratic Front of the Philippines (NDFP) in Quezon City
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - The Presidential Communications and Operations Office should regulate the blogs of
US President Donald Trump delivers his first State of the Union address to a joint session of Congress inside the
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  It's no secret that Robin Padilla prefers performers who showcase Filipino culture as
MANILA - President Rodrigo Duterte said Tuesday that his promise to solve the drug problem turned out as a "fiasco."
MANILA—"Pilipinas Got Talent" has set a new record rating five weeks into its fifth season, data from Kantar Media shows.
MANILA - President Rodrigo Duterte on Monday said he might arm military reservists and graduates of the Reserve Officers’ Training
Senate President Aquilino Pimentel III sees nothing wrong with Davao City Mayor Sara Duterte’s new political party, Hugpong ng Pagbabago.
PARIS - The European Commission will present by the end of March its plan for overhauling tax rules for internet
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - A prominent human rights lawyer during the dark days of Martial
It is very surreal, saddening and enraging that on the eve of the 32nd commemoration of the 1986 Edsa People
The Philippines was among countries with least accurate perception of their nation's issues.  MANILA - The Philippines ranked third
A model of Jeddah Tower is seen at the office of Jeddah Economic Company, in Saudi Arabia on Tuesday. Reem
MANILA - The National Grid Corp of the Philippines said Wednesday the government could use some of its facilities for
Human rights lawyer Neri Colmenares expresses charter change dangers: centralization of repressive powers in Pres. Duterte, self-serving agenda of politicians,
MANILA -- Aiko Melendez can't help but feel sentimental now that the revenge drama "Wildflower" is nearing its end. 
House Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez and Special Assistant to the President Christopher "Bong" Go. Composite  MANILA- House Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez
Meet the little dragon and lion dancer of Binondo
MANILA -- Here are some of the events, shows, and activities you can check out this weekend.  1. INCUBUS
MANILA—Philippine Airlines on Saturday said it would send a plane to Kuwait to bring home distressed overseas Filipino workers (OFWs).
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - Overall Deputy Ombudsman Melchor Carandang should step down from his post
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - Senator Grace Poe denied rumors that she is seeking to block
MANILA — Never underestimate the power of nostalgia — or a good barbecue.  When siblings Krizzie and Ian Syfu
The cocaine that has been found in the Russian embassy in Buenos Aires, Argentina, appears in this undated handout photo
FILE PHOTO: Senator Leila De Lima, arrested on drug charges, waves to supporters as before her arraignment in Muntinlupa, October
MANILA — Senate President Aquilino Pimentel III on Monday said Sen. Antonio Trillanes IV was sounding “like a broken record”
Nikolas Cruz, facing 17 charges of premeditated murder in the mass shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland,
MANILA - The Philippines on Monday will announce a ban on the deployment of overseas Filipino workers to Kuwait, Labor
Mark Taguba. File photo  MANILA - A court on Friday denied Customs fixer Mark Taguba's plea to remain under
MANILA - Malacañang on Monday denied the Philippines under President Rodrigo Duterte had never protested China’s “militarization” in the South
San José, Costa Rica - Parents padlocked the gates of 20 schools in Costa Rica on Thursday to protest sex
MANILA - The country's largest carrier Cebu Pacific on Monday said it is now accepting applications for the second batch
MANILA - Those who plan to stage rallies on Sunday to commemorate the EDSA People Power anniversary are welcome to
Fifty-two years after it debuted on the comic book "Fantastic Four Vol.1", the story of Marvel's "Black Panther" is finally
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  LAS VEGAS — The erroneous emergency alert announcement that shook the state of
THE NETHERLANDS – “Nervous Translation”, a film of director Shireen Seno, won the Network for the Promotion of Asian Cinema
Former Department of Education secretary Armin Luistro, FSC and President Rodrigo Duterte. File/Composite  MANILA - Staying silent about President
MANILA - The country's top legal minds, among them framers of the 1987 Constitution, and various groups on Tuesday launched
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - Philippine Charity Sweepstakes Office (PCSO) General Manager Alexander Balutan on Tuesday
Courtesy from the Facebook page of the Philippine Embassy in Kuwait  MANILA - Undocumented Filipino workers still have over
MANILA - (UPDATE) Local officials in Davao City, the hometown of President Rodrigo Duterte, declared as "persona non-grata" on Tuesday
MANILA - President Rodrigo Duterte was only joking when he said that the Philippines could be considered a province of
MANILA - Sen. Gregorio Honasan has asked the Sandiganbayan to allow him to travel to Hong Kong from March 15
MANILA - President Rodrigo Duterte has said he would first consult the country’s top military officials on whether or not
MANILA - A group of Filipino and American businessmen has called for the return of the Balangiga bells to the
Director Loy Arcenas. Handout  MANILA -- Broadway production designer-turned-director Loy Arcenas will be having a film restrospective at the
A regional trial court in Cebu sentences Australian national Drew Frederick Shobbrook and his Pinay partner Leslie Ann Fernandez to
Former Senate President Aquilino “Nene” Pimentel Jr explains his proposed federal model at the sub-committee meeting on the Bangsamoro on
MANILA – Marlo Mortel took to social media to share a song he composed for his mother, who is currently
It's been two years since Miss Universe 2015 Pia Wurtzbach first graced the much-anticipated fashion event.  But now she's
Nueva Ecija Rep. Estrellita Suansing on Monday lashed out at an official of the Research Institute for Tropical Medicine (RITM)
MANILA - A word war between detained Senator Leila de Lima and Presidential Spokesperson Harry Roque is escalating, with the
ABS-CBN News reporter Michael Delizo holds the trophy he won for Best Science Story for Radio at the first UP
An alleged terrorist identified as Abdelhakim Labidi Adib, a Spanish national, arrives at the Department of Justice in Manila for
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  Government forces have arrested another high-ranking Communist Party of the Philippines official in
House Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez. ABS-CBN News file photo  MANILA- House Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez on Thursday appealed to the Catholic
Gary Valenciano in 'Love In Motion.' Handout photo  MANILA -- Gary Valenciano’s "Love In Motion" was such an exhilarating
MANILA -- A Dubai-based Filipino rock band has secured a distribution deal with a major record label.  The four-piece
MANILA - The nation's top cop defended Thursday the Philippine National Police's purchase of 48 bomb-sniffing dogs instead of body
MANILA -- There will always be paintings artists will find difficult to part with, artmaking often been likened to giving
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv    MANILA - Fixer Mark Ruben Taguba II on Thursday said he
MANILA - The chief of the Philippines' main Moro rebel group warned Tuesday that jihadists loyal to the Islamic State
LOOK: Fans welcome back Wil & Alodia at the NAIA 1 arrival area with posters, cheers pic.twitter.com/t1BhKY92L0 — Anjo Bagaoisan
ABS-CBN is part of Ad Summit Pilipinas 2018. In the photo are (left to right) Bong Pacia, 4As chairman; Jose
MANILA - Government may not be able to close a deal with a third telecommunications player by next month, Presidential
Boracay Island. Rhys Buccat, ABS-CBN News  MANILA - Environment Secretary Roy Cimatu has ordered the closure of 51 establishments
BEIJING - US trade sanctions will hit the world economy, Beijing warned Wednesday, after President Donald Trump threatened to impose
Fiery Cross saw the most construction over the course of 2017, with work on buildings covering 27 acres, or about
MANILA (UPDATED) - President Rodrigo Duterte on Friday ordered the cancellation of a $233-million chopper deal with Canada after several
Duterte orders Bello to repatriate those who want to go home  MANILA (2nd UPDATE) - President Rodrigo Duterte on
Duterte says PH won't withdraw from ICC  MANILA (2nd UPDATE) - President Rodrigo Duterte is unfazed by the move
Jennelyn Olaires hugs her partner Michael Siaron, 30, a pedicab driver and an alleged drug pusher at LRT EDSA Rotonda
MANILA - The Philippine National Police said Thursday it would speed up the procurement of body cameras, part of measures
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - Pastor Apollo Quiboloy was not detained in the US and did
WASHINGTON - Partnership talks between Boeing and Brazilian aircraft manufacturer Embraer are making progress but there is "still work to
MANILA - President Rodrigo Duterte's long-time aide, Christopher "Bong" Go, appeared before a Senate investigation on Monday on the military's
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - A lot of Pinoys searched Google for stories on "Gabby and
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - The Department of Tourism is pitching for the closure of Boracay
MANILA - (UPDATED) Senator Antonio Trillanes IV has asked the Senate committee on banks, financial institutions and currencies to conduct
Senate President Aquilino "Koko" Pimentel III  MANILA - Senate President Aquilino "Koko" Pimentel III believes the Senate is not
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - The controversial dengue vaccine Dengvaxia was not yet registered with the
MANILA - Davao City Mayor Sara Duterte insists that the basis of Senator Antonio Trillanes IV's call to probe her
Lav Diaz shot his 4-hour black-and-white film "Ang Panahon ng Halimaw" ("Season of the Devil") to illustrate the Filipinos' seemingly
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - The Duterte administration had the option to review and, if needed,
MANILA - The Sandiganbayan 2nd Division on Monday sentenced a former town mayor of Abra to 10 to 25 years
MANILA - The Philippines may turn to non-Western defense manufacturers, including China and Russia, to acquire 16 helicopters after it
A post shared by Jeeves De Veyra (@venividiburp) on Jan 29, 2018 at 12:08am PST  MANILA -- The food
MANILA (UPDATED) - President Rodrigo Duterte on Tuesday announced that he has decided to extend again the term of Philippine
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - Information technology consultant Helen Macasaet on Tuesday defended the P250,000 monthly
Bataan Rep. Geraldine Roman is the first transgender member of the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP). Photo courtesy of
Apollo Quiboloy, head of "the Kingdom of Jesus Christ," a non-Catholic religious group and spiritual adviser of president-elect Rodrigo Duterte,
“Let’s take a walk down memory lane,” enjoined Dionne Warwick as she walked up on the stage of the Grand
MANILA - Presidential Spokesperson Harry Roque on Thursday said the government sees no bad faith in China's naming of five
MANILA - The Court of Tax Appeals (CTA) en banc has denied the Bureau of Internal Revenue's (BIR) petition seeking
Filipino workers who were repatriated from Kuwait listen during a dialgoue with a welfare officer upon arrival at Ninoy Aquino
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  A Palace spokesman on Wednesday rejected a US intelligence community report that listed
MANILA - The squabble between Nayong Pilipino Foundation chairperson Yvette Ocampo and the foundation’s board of trustees member, Maria Fema
In 1986, the original "A Better Tomorrow" film, written and directed by John Woo, was a landmark action film. It
Troops pass by rows of ruined buildings in the main battle area of Marawi City in October 2017, a few
MANILA - Rushing legislation to fight fake news and disinformation may give people in power a tool to silence a
Gadon asks for time to consult records  Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno and Senator Leila de Lima. Composite 
NOW: Donning of ranks for lateral entry program for 294 technical officers at Camp Crame, QC @ABSCBNNews pic.twitter.com/zM3IflMOlG — Bianca
Special Assistant to the President Christopher Lawrence Go answers queries at the Senate defense and security hearing on the Frigate
MANILA – These two beauty queens are excited to welcome summer.  Former Miss Universe representatives Maxine Medina and Ariella
A Filipina domestic helper, who was earlier reported in a comatose state at a hospital in Kuwait, was found safe
Soldiers are seen pursuing a suspected Maute extremist in Marawi City after he was sighted in the main battle area
MANILA - Viewers of "Wildflower" hoping for a happy ending for Lily Cruz, whose series of personal tragedies turned her
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - The Department of Labor and Employment (DOLE) said Sunday it is
MANILA - The selection of a third telecommunications company by March is not a "hard set deadline," the Department of
MANILA - President Rodrigo Duterte on Tuesday threatened to send tax auditors to telecommunications firms demanding payment for returning radio
MANILA - Deputy Speaker Fredenil Castro on Tuesday filed a bill seeking to abolish the Bureau of Customs (BOC) and
FRANKFURT AM MAIN - German prosecutors said they had raided offices belonging to high-end carmaker Audi Tuesday, the second sweep
Critics raise fears of severe side-effects on recipients of Dengvaxia, the program's vaccine, based on recent findings of manufacturer Sanofi-Pasteur.
James Marsden is in Manila.  The actor, best known for his roles as Cyclops in the "X-Men" films and
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - Transport regulators on Thursday proposed a fare structure set by government
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  "Meet Me in St. Gallen," written and directed by Irene Villamor, is practically
The Grand Canyon National Park in northern Arizona, April, 12, 2015. Jim Urquhart, Reuters  WASHINGTON - At least 3
Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno answers questions during her guesting at ABS-CBN's Bottomline on February 23, 2018. Gigie Cruz, ABS-CBN
PO1 Jeremias Pereda, PO1 Jerwin Cruz, PO3 Arnel Oares take their oath during the Senate probe on the death of
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - PLDT Inc will surrender one of its frequencies to the government,
MANILA - The Public Attorney's Office on Wednesday denied that it urged a group of parents to confront former Health
Former Sen. Bongbong Marcos’ lawyers delivers the joint motion to withdraw all pending motions before PET, at VP Robredo’s lawyers
File Photo  MANILA - Cebu Pacific, the country's largest carrier, said Monday it would fly to Batanes starting March
MANILA - Policemen who are unruly, who are drinking and sleeping on the job cannot stay at their posts another
MANILA - A fresh criminal complaint was lodged against former President Benigno Aquino III and several of his former officials
MANILA - Some 250,000 metric tons in new rice imports will arrive by the first week of June, a Cabinet
MANILA - Trade Secretary Ramon Lopez on Monday denied accusations made by an anti-crime group in its plunder and smuggling
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - The Department of Foreign Affairs (DFA) said Friday 800 undocumented overseas
MANILA (UPDATED) - President Rodrigo Duterte on Tuesday said the government merely addressed the complaint of South Korean firm Hyundai
Senator Grace Poe and Presidential Spokesperson Harry Roque. Composite    MANILA– "Wishful thinking."  This was how Senator
Health Secretary Francisco Duque III attends the House hearing on the dengue vaccine, Dengvaxia, on December 13, 2017. Mark Demayo,
MANILA - The Sandiganbayan has convicted former Department of Environment and Natural Resources (DENR) Director Jacob Meimban Jr. of perjury
Image from Policia Judiciaria  LISBON, PORTUGAL - Portuguese police have detained a man who arrived at Lisbon airport on
View of the cooling towers at the Golfech nuclear power plant on the border of the Garonne River between Agen
FILE PHOTO: US President Donald Trump speaks in the Diplomatic Room of the White House in Washington, DC, US, October
MANILA - The government will hold another public forum on February 27 to discuss possible revisions to the contract that
OFW Joanna Demafelis  MANILA - The principal suspect in the killing of overseas Filipino worker (OFW) Joanna Demafelis in
Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno gestures during an interview on ABS-CBN's "The Bottomline" on Friday, February 23, 2017. Gigie Cruz,
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - Some 200 commercial establishments in Boracay face closure, authorities said Friday,
MANILA (2nd UPDATE) - A foreigner with alleged links to Islamic State jihadists was arrested in the Philippine capital, authorities
MANILA - Two associate justices of the Supreme Court on Monday did not attend the hearing on the impeachment complaint
MANILA - The Department of Foreign Affairs on Tuesday told the United Nations Human Rights Council (UNHRC) not to "politicize
WASHINGTON - The U.S. Treasury Department has added two individuals and seven organizations in Africa and Asia connected to Islamic
Neal Oshima will exhibit images of Southeast Asian ethnic groups in this year's Art Fair Philippines. Handout  MANILA --
Lawyer of former Budget Undersecretary Mario Relampagos are urging the former budget official to go back to the Philippines and
MANILA - The Department of Justice (DOJ) has not stopped one of its attached agencies from conducting autopsies on suspected
The Philippine Coast Guard's (PCG) office in Cebu has confirmed that the boat that capsized off Camotes Island Tuesday is
MANILA - The chief of the Public Attorney's Office (PAO) explained Monday why she won't collaborate with a panel of
ON BOARD THE USS CARL VINSON - The presence of this aircraft carrier in the South China Sea sends a
President Rodrigo Roa Duterte. Ace Morandante, Malacanang Photo  MANILA - Malacañang on Monday said it believes the May 2018
Watch more in iWantv or TFC.tv  MANILA - Former Budget Secretary Florencio "Butch" Abad said his agency acted in
MANILA - Malacañang on Monday maintained that the EDSA Revolution was not a product of “fake news”, after a Palace
Well-wishers place mementos the day students and parents arrive for voluntary campus orientation at the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School,
China and the Philippines are discussing joint mineral exploration in the South China Sea despite an ongoing territorial conflict over
Napoleon Abueva and a photo of his colossal "The Transfiguration" statue, used as the symbol for the Eternal Gardens Memorial
MANILA - Five Abu Sayyaf members were killed in an encounter with troops of the Philippine Marines in Sulu early
MANILA - The House Committee on Agriculture will start investigating next week the reported shortage of rice from the National
Artist's rendition of Asian Institute of Management's supercomputing facility set to launch in March.  MANILA - The Asian Institute
File photo taken October 2016 shows Kent Whitaker (L) and his son Bart during a visit to Bart's prison in
MANILA - Unidentified gunmen shot and killed the vice-mayor of Ronda town in Cebu Monday shortly after attending the court
Sulu local officials surrendered 20 loose firearms to the military Friday. Photo courtesy of Joint Task Force Sulu  The
MANILA (UPDATE) - Rappler’s Palace reporter was initially barred from entering Malacañang premises on Tuesday, a day after President Rodrigo
Turkey criticizes US terror designation for Hamas chief  ANKARA – Agence France-Presse  Turkey on Feb. 2 denounced the
Can development of science be possible by easing academic criteria?  A law proposal to change the prerequisites for academic
‘Hot summer’  President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has recently said this summer would be a hot one for terrorists and
An early election on the Turkish horizon?  There have been a number of developments in Turkish politics, which have
The weaknesses of the nationalist alliance  Turkey’s religio-nationalistic political alliance is sealed by the official announcement of the election
US spokesperson: Some allied forces ‘going to Afrin’  WASHINGTON - Anadolu Agency  United States Department of State Spokesperson
US troops should stay clear of YPG: Erdoğan  ANKARA  Ankara further toughened its language against the U.S. on
Red-listed former PYD co-leader Salih Muslim to hold presser in Brussels  Güven Özalp/ Fevzi Kızılkoyun - BRUSSELS/ ISTANBUL 
Up to 25 years in prison sought for HDP deputy Beştaş  DIYARBAKIR – Doğan News Agency  A prosecutor
‘Operation Olive Branch’ is state mission, not party mission: CHP leader Kılıçdaroğlu  ANKARA  Main opposition Republican People’s Party
Turkcell, Samsung to collaborate on 5G technology  ANKARA - Anadolu Agency  Turkcell and South Korea’s leading appliance manufacturer
Robots could become 'Kalashnikovs' of future after entering black market: Tech thinktank  ANKARA – Anadolu Agency  Robots equipped
US stance on Kurds unwise: Russia  MOSCOW  Russia considers the U.S. approach of completely ignoring Turkey’s stance toward
Turkey has legitimate security concerns: NATO chief Jens Stoltenberg  BRUSSELS  Turkey “has legitimate security concerns” as it has
Greek Cyprus should not ‘overstep mark’ in eastern Mediterranean  ANKARA  Ankara has denied Cyprus' href='/search/Greek Cyprus'>Greek Cyprus’s recent
Syrian boy wandering on apron puts Istanbul airport on alarm  ISTANBUL  A 12-year-old Syrian boy who broke onto
AKP, MHP leaders meet to finalize election alliance model for upcoming elections  ANKARA  The leaders of the ruling
Turkish PM expects top-level meetings between Erdoğan, Merkel  BERLIN  Prime Minister Binali Yıldırım on Feb. 18 said he
Turkey turning its eyes to implementation of deals with US on Syria: Erdoğan  ANKARA  Ankara is now prioritizing
Former CHP deputy Keskin sentenced to one year in prison for ‘insulting Erdoğan’  ISTANBUL  An Antalya court on
AKP and MHP finalize work on electoral alliance ahead of 2019  ANKARA – Anadolu Agency  Justice Minister Abdulhamit
I hope German journalist Deniz Yücel will be released soon: Turkish PM  ANKARA/BERLIN – Reuters  Turkish Prime Minister
Turkey to provide $5 billion in credit for Iraqi reconstruction  KUWAIT CITY  Ankara will provide a credit facility
Constitutional Court orders state to pay 40,000 liras in compensation to family of killed child  ANKARA  The Constitutional
Netherlands has granted asylum to 73 pct of applications filed by Turkish coup suspects since 2016: Report  THE HAGUE
US consulate employee ‘under house arrest’ in Turkey since January: State media  ISTANBUL  An employee at the United
Syrian woman, Lebanese husband found killed in Istanbul, child missing  ANKARA  The bodies of a pregnant Syrian woman
Police seize 30 tons of smuggled giblets disguised as animal feed in Istanbul  ISTANBUL  Istanbul police have seized
Turkish-German journalist Deniz Yücel released from jail  ISTANBUL/BERLIN  German-Turkish journalist Deniz Yücel, who was jailed in Turkey a
Erdoğan receives Archbishop of Canterbury in Ankara  ANKARA  Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan received Justin Welby' href='/search/Archbishop of
Turkey remembers 1992 Khojaly massacre victims  ANKARA – Anadolu Agency  Turkish presidential spokesman İbrahim Kalın on Feb. 25
Erdoğan blasts US for spreading ‘fake news’ over Afrin  ANKARA  President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has harshly slammed the
Ratings upgrade lifts Greek debt  LONDON – Reuters  Greek government bond yields dipped yesterday after a ratings upgrade
SunExpress airline hits record turnover in 2017  ISTANBUL  SunExpress, a joint venture between Lufthansa and Turkish Airlines, achieved
Turkey ‘will not stop if pro-regime forces enter Afrin to protect YPG’: Turkish FM  AMMAN/ DAMASCUS  If pro-regime
Turkey has no aim to invade Syria during Afrin operation: Erdoğan  ANKARA  Turkey has no aim to invade
Turkey will launch Manbij offensive after Afrin operation: Deputy Prime Minister Bozdağ  ANKARA  Deputy Prime Minister Bekir Bozdağ
Turkey establishes new observation posts in Syria’s Idlib  IDLIB – Anadolu Agency  Turkey has announced that it formed
Eight doctors released after denouncing Turkey’s Afrin operation  ISTANBUL  Eight top members of the Turkish Medical Association (TTB),
Turkey obligates pet-owners to microchip their cats, dogs, weasels  ANKARA  New legislation in Turkey will soon obligate the
Australia’s scandal-hit deputy PM quits  SYDNEY – Agence France-Presse  Australia’s scandal-hit deputy leader Barnaby Joyce announced Feb. 23
Turkish parliamentary commission approves bill to boost employment  ANKARA  Parliament’s plan and budget commission late Feb. 22 approved
CHP submits motion to abolish 10-percent electoral threshold after AKP-MHP alliance move  ANKARA  The main opposition Republican People’s
North Korea calls UN chief ‘henchman’ of US  UNITED NATIONS – Agence France-Presse  North Korea on Feb. 22
Russia tested ‘over 200 new weapons’ in Syria: MP  MOSCOW – Agence France-Presse  Russia has tested over 200
Reyhanlı attack convict gets 53 aggravated life sentences in Turkish capital  ANKARA  A criminal high court in the
Turkish student receives orders for self-made drone  Nuran Çakmakçı – ISTANBUL  Metehan Emlik, a Turkish university student, has
600 ‘Kurdish Hawks’ fighters to join Afrin op  AZEZ – Anadolu Agency  The Kurdish Hawks Brigade, part of
More than 2,000 YPG militants ‘neutralized’ so far in Afrin operation: Turkish military  ANKARA  The Turkish General Staff
Turkey’s population expected to exceed 100 million by 2040: TÜİK  ANKARA  Turkey’s population is expected to exceed 100
Seventeen Turkish citizens seek sanctuary in Greece: Greek coastguard  ATHENS  Seventeen Turkish nationals, including six children, have requested
Turkish consortium pulls out of Akkuyu nuclear project  ANKARA - Anadolu Agency  Three Turkish companies who have partnered
Turkish gov’t launches ‘native and national’ WhatsApp-like messaging app  ANKARA  The Turkish government has launched a “native and
Over 950 militants ‘neutralized,’ 36 strategic areas ‘captured’ in Afrin operation  ANKARA – Anadolu Agency  A total of
Turkish gov’t mulls standardizing cigarette packaging to discourage smoking  ANTALYA - Doğan News Agency  The government is considering
Pedophilia is hatred disguised as sexual drive: Forensics expert  İpek Özbey – ISTANBUL  Pedophilia, a topic that has
Greek court rules for Greek-Turkish child to remain with Turkish mother  Banu Şen - İZMIR  A Greek court
Turkey seeks international pressure to end violence in Syria’s rebel-held eastern Ghouta  ANKARA  Turkey is seeking ways to
Court rejects Turkish domestic violence victim’s compensation demand for ‘not calling police at gunpoint’  İZMİR – Doğan News Agency
Iraq condemns 15 Turkish women to death for belonging to ISIL  BAGHDAD – Agence France-Presse  An Iraqi criminal
Turkey-US agree to work on easing disputes over Syrian crises  Sevil Erkuş - ANKARA  Turkey and the United
A generation should not be lost  Syria’s “Operation Olive Branch” has shown us a different side to Turkish society.
Crossing the election threshold via an alliance  We do not know yet what the legal basis on which the
Paris attack suspect stays away for defense  BRUSSELS  The trial of Salah Abdeslam resumed in Belgium yesterday, but
Unclaimed cow’s legal status in limbo after road accident in Turkey’s Erzurum  ERZURUM  The legal status of a
Turkey is becoming a global hub for angel investment  Barçın Yinanç -barcin.yinanc@hdn.com  A tax incentive brought by the
No one can underestimate our security struggle: Aydın Doğan  ISTANBUL  No country can underestimate Turkey’s international struggle to
General Electric to sell parts of overseas lighting business, including Turkish operation  NEW YORK - Agence France-Presse  General
Turkish PM Yıldırım to meet German Chancellor Merkel  BERLIN-ANKARA  Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yıldırım and German Chancellor Angela
Turkish court seeks to indict Syrian ISIL widow accused of bomb-making: Report  DİYARBAKIR  Turkish prosecutors are seeking the
Turkish whirling dervishes perform in Bangladesh  BANGLADESH – Anadolu Agency  The Turkish embassy of Bangladesh and the Turkish
Rocket fired from Syria by YPG hits Turkey’s Kilis  KİLİS  A rocket fired by the People’s Protection Units
Turkish gov’t signals ‘new phase’ in Afrin operation  ANKARA  The Turkish Armed Forces (TSK) will soon launch a
Messages from Moscow  International forums that bring policy makers, experts and journalists together have become important platforms in the
Syriza strikes back with drugs scandal  Just a week ago hundreds of thousands of Greeks, mainly opponents of the
OSCE blasts Turkey’s legal moves against criticism of Afrin op  ANKARA  Harlem Désir, the Organization for Security and
Pera Museum in Istanbul’s Beyoğlu is a tourism barometer  Whenever I wish to flee the crazy crowds of İstiklal
Erdoğan eyes expansive national alliance before key polls in Turkey  Amid sound and fury over Turkey’s cross border “Operation
Museums, ancient sites in Turkey start year with record  ISTANBUL  The number of visitors to museums and ancient
Baghdad mayor has ambitious plans  BAGHDAD – Agence France-Press  The mayor of Baghdad wants to revive her war-torn
Pervin Buldan expected to replace jailed HDP co-chair Demirtaş in upcoming party congress  DİYARBAKIR  Pervin Buldan, the deputy
World’s loneliest bird’ Nigel dies in New Zealand  WASHINGTON - AFP  New Zealand wildlife lovers are mourning the
CHP head Kılıçdaroğlu faces two leadership challenges at convention  ANKARA  Main opposition Republican People’s Party (CHP) leader Kemal
Turkish beer boss says he did not suggest tax hike for ‘homebrewed beer’  ISTANBUL  The head of Turkey’s
Obama lied to us, Trump follows the same path: Erdoğan  ANKARA  Former U.S. President Barack Obama “lied to
ELN rebel leader arrested for attacks  BOGOTA  A leader of Colombia’s National Liberation Army (ELN) guerrillas was arrested
EU’s top negotiator calls for clarity from London on Brexit  MUNICH – The Associated Press  The European Union’s
Death toll increases as Assad pounds Ghouta  DOUMA  Fresh regime strikes reportedly killed 23 civilians yesterday in a
Ferhat Encü loses seat in Turkish Parliament, bringing number of revoked HDP deputyships to seven  ANKARA  Ferhat Encü
Dutch charge d’affaires summoned to Turkish Foreign Ministry over 1915 motion  ANKARA  The Turkish Foreign Ministry summoned the
Turkey’s anti-terror fight ensures Europe’s security: PM Yıldırım  MUNICH – Anadolu Agency  Turkey is ensuring Europe’s security by
Afrin operation close to 'victory': Erdoğan  AFYON  President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on Feb. 17 said Turkey’s ongoing operation
Over 40 undocumented migrants caught in Turkey’s Aegean Sea  İZMİR  Turkish coast guards held 43 undocumented migrants who
The downing of the Israeli jet: towards a ‘Third Lebanon War?’  The downing of an Israeli F-16 by Syrian
Over 35 detained in Turkey ‘for promoting terrorism’ online  ESKİŞEHİR/AĞRI  A total of 37 suspects were detained across
Turkey’s animal production surges 8.6 percent in 2017  ANKARA - Anadolu Agency  The total number of animals in
Turkey’s unemployed university graduates take unskilled jobs  Esra Açıkgöz- ISTANBUL  The number of unemployed university graduates has been
French mum, ex-partner get 20 years for 5-year-old’s murder  LE PUY-EN-VELAY – Agence France-Presse  A French appeal court
Are Europe and Turkey on board with China’s New Silk Road initiative?  Last month, French President Emmanuel Macron started
Algerian jeweler hospitalized in Istanbul after smuggling 290 banknotes in anal canal  Fırat Alkaç - ISTANBUL  An Algerian
Belgrade ‘should seek partition deal with Kosovo'  BELGRADE – Reuters  Serbia should seek a partition agreement with neighboring
US National Security Advisor McMaster, Secretary of State Tillerson to visit Turkey  Cansu Çamlıbel - WASHINGTON  U.S. President
Turkey’s top media watchdog to regulate internet broadcasting, new draft bill foresees  ANKARA  The Turkish Radio and Television
Erdoğan to meet EU leaders in summit in Bulgaria  BRUSSELS – Reuters  Top European Union officials will meet
Turkish 'warships' stop Italy’s ENI rig in waters off Famagusta: Greek Cypriot reports  NICOSIA – The Associated Press 
Turkey reconnects opposition-held areas in northern Syria  IDLIB – Anadolu Agency  After Turkish and Free Syrian Army (FSA)
Erdoğan, Macron discuss Afrin operation, YPG rocket attacks over phone  ISTANBUL  President Erdoğan' href='/search/Recep Tayyip Erdoğan'>Recep Tayyip Erdoğan
Russian fighter jet shot down, pilot killed in Syria’s Idlib  MOSCOW  A Russian Sukhoi-25 ground-attack aircraft was shot
Death toll exceeds in assault on rebels in Syria’s Eastern Ghouta  ARBIN  Syrian regime jets pounded Eastern Ghouta
Mitsubishi Electric inaugurates new factory in Turkey  MANiSA  Japanese multinational electronics and electrical equipment manufacturer Mitsubishi Electric Corporation
Turkey’s airports hit 12-year record in passenger traffic  ANKARA - Anadolu Agency  Turkey’s airports in January saw the
Rohingya abuses could spark regional conflict: UN rights chief  JAKARTA  The U.N. human rights chief warned Monday that
Iran says fully settled debt to Turkey over gas exports  TEHRAN  Iran has fully settled its debt to
Military academy classmates killed a year apart in Turkish ops in Syria  ISTANBUL  One of the Turkish soldiers
US: No support to YPG units that go to Afrin  Cansu Çamlıbel – WASHINGTON  The U.S. is not
The Syrian reckoning  The Syrian civil war is soon to enter its eighth year. While both the number and
Responsibility for a potential US-Turkish military clash  “I don’t want to buy American cotton anymore. I resent what they
‘Exile’ by Çiler İlhan  ‘Exile’ by Çiler İlhan, translated by Ayşegül Toroser Ateş (Istros Books, £9, 130 pages) 
Azerbaijan calls snap presidential poll  BAKU – Agence France-Presse  Azerbaijan’s strongman Ilham Aliyev called on Feb. 5 a
Salih Muslim’s arrest and the PKK’s Syria gamble  Salih Muslim, the former chairman of the Democratic Union Party (PYD)
Yılmaz Büyükerşen: 50 years dedicated to education  This year, Eskişehir Mayor Yılmaz Büyükerşen was recipient of the 17th Vehbi
The AKP-MHP alliance is a sign of weakness  The alliance between the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) and
Turkey and the US are now foes  At the moment Turkey and the U.S. are two foes in conflict,
Turkey’s EU visa move just a beginning  One of the most important developments of the past week was the
Syrian jets strike Eastern Ghouta after Russian truce  BEIRUT/GENEVA - Reuters  Syrian government warplanes struck the eastern Ghouta
German court backs city bans on diesel cars  LEIPZIG – Reuters  A top German court ruled on Feb.
Trump aide says US seek ‘new ties’ with Pakistan  ISLAMABAD – Reuters  A senior aide to U.S. President
Projects worth $9.4 billion evaluated at top Turkish defense committee meeting  ANKARA  The Turkish defense industry held an
Deer meat, steering wheel, bridal gowns among forgotten items at Istanbul’s Atatürk Airport  ISTANBUL – Doğan News Agency 
US Defense Secretary Mattis to meet Turkish counterpart Canikli amid Manbij row  WASHINGTON  U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis
Turkish mother, daughter found ‘dead’ in Vienna home: Police  VIENNA  Two Turks have been found dead in their
More than 600 undocumented migrants held in Turkey  ANKARA  A total of 603 undocumented migrants were held in
UK warship to sail in disputed S China Sea  SYDNEY  A British warship will sail from Australia through
Gassy issues in Cyprus  The Eastern Mediterranean might be rich in regards to natural gas and oil, however, aside
Turkey and the US could step up cooperation in Iraq  BARÇIN YİNANÇ  The Middle East has increasingly become
Early Anatolian church found in Karabük  KARABÜK  A 1,500-year-old structure believed to be one of the earliest churches
Turkish Prime Minister Yıldırım briefed on Afrin operation  ANKARA – Anadolu Agency  Prime Minister Binali Yıldırım was briefed
Two Turkish soldiers killed in Syria’s Afrin, Idlib  ANKARA  Two Turkish soldiers were killed in mortar attacks in
Turkish PM Binali Yıldırım to visit Belarus  ANKARA – Anadolu Agency  Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yıldırım is scheduled
11 Turkish soldiers killed in 'Operation Olive Branch' in one day: Turkish army  ANKARA  Eleven Turkish soldiers were
Classmate ‘Tombi the cat’ returns to school  Banu Şen - İZMİR  “Tombi,” an orange tabby cat who had
Billy Graham, adviser to US presidents, dies at 99  WASHINGTON  U.S. evangelist Billy Graham, who counseled presidents and
Syrian regime, YPG negotiated for Afrin but could not strike deal: Turkish Deputy PM  ANKARA  Turkish Deputy Prime
US looking at new sanctions on Russia  WASHINGTON - Reuters  The Trump administration is considering new sanctions against
Staff of unused Istanbul cultural center ‘uneasy’ about receiving salaries  Ömer Erbil – ISTANBUL  The staff of the
We have never betrayed our allies: Erdoğan  GAZİANTEP  Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on Feb. 25 accused the
Erdoğan starts Africa tour, vows to enhance ties  ISTANBUL – Anadolu Agency  President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan started his
Turkey condemns double car bombings in Somalia  ANKARA – Anadolu Agency  “We wish God’s mercy upon those who
Turkish forces capture five more villages in Afrin  ANKARA / IDLIB  The Turkish military captured five more villages
AKP to amend electoral laws ahead of 2019 local elections  ANKARA  An amendment to the current electoral regulations
Police save two horses from illegal butchering in Turkey’s south  ADANA  Two horses were saved from illegal butchering
Former PYD co-leader Salih Muslim released by Czech court despite Turkish extradition request  PRAGUE  A Czech court ruled
No US-Turkey talks over Afrin: Foreign Ministry  ANKARA  Turkey has not been engaged in any diplomatic talks with
Turkish man to save life of British child with bone marrow donation via TÜRKÖK  MERSIN  İlyas Coşkun, a
Turkish Cyprus will not allow Greek side to continue exploring gas: Minister  NICOSIA  The Greek Cypriot administration will
Is it possible for a man to be a feminist?  The Antalya Women Museum’s “Woman of the Year Award”
Tolerating critical voices won’t weaken Turkish Syria op  Turkey has long been fighting multiple terror organizations, mainly the outlawed
Does it matter who gets elected in Cyprus?  Greek Cypriots will go to polling stations on Feb. 4 for
United States walking on eggshells in Syria  At the end of the second week of Turkey’s “Operation Olive Branch”
Turkey makes gains in northern Syria while al-Assad makes gains in the south  Turkey’s “Operation Olive Branch” is being
Russian-Turkish relations and the dark underbelly of cryptocurrency  Russian-Turkish relations were in the news again last week. But this
Turkey backs Syria’s territorial integrity: Turkish FM  ANKARA – Anadolu Agency  Turkey's Foreign Minister Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu on Feb.
Students’ visit to weapon exhibition in Turkey’s Trabzon stirs debate  TRABZON  A visit to a weapons exhibition by
340 kg of cannabis hidden in ketchup bottles seized in Diyarbakır  DIYARBAKIR  Police have seized 340 kilograms of
Malaysian court jails artist for clown caricature of PM  KUALA LUMPUR – Reuters  A Malaysian artist and prominent
Turkish government to impose ‘harshest penalties,’ new measures for child abusers  ANKARA  New administrative measures and legal regulations
Iran finds wreckage of crashed passenger jet  TEHRAN  Iranian search teams found on Feb. 20 the wreckage of
Libya coastguard rescues 441 migrants from drifting boats  TRIPOLI  Libya’s coastguard rescued 441 migrants in two separate operations
More bombs fall on Syria’s Ghouta after heaviest toll in years  BEIRUT – Reuters  Pro-government forces bombarded Syria’s
Bucharest to buy 400 buses from Turkish company  BUCHAREST/ISTANBUL  Turkey’s Otokar has stated that its Europe unit has
TAP to get 1.2 bln euros in loans from EBRD in 2018  BAKU-Reuters  The European Bank for Reconstruction
France to force reforms to ‘untouchable’ rail sector  PARIS – Agence France-Presse  French President Emmanuel Macron’s government unveiled
Macedonia ‘ready to change its name’  SKOPJE – Reuters  People display Greek flags during a demonstartion near the
Turkey’s Diyanet donates 20,000 copies of Quran to Latin America  ANKARA  The Turkish Diyanet Foundation (TDV) has donated
Full text of joint Turkey-US statement issued after Tillerson-Çavuşoğlu meeting  ANKARA  A joint official statement has been issued
Time for Ankara to call Damascus?  The Turkish Armed Forces sustained the most casualties last weekend since the beginning
Workers react against government decision to privatize 14 sugar factories  YOZGAT - Doğan News Agency  Workers and the
One Turkish soldier killed in PKK rocket attack in Hakkari: Military  ANKARA  A Turkish soldier was killed in
Turkey-Netherlands ties not suspended: Deputy PM  ANKARA – Anadolu Agency  Diplomatic relations between Ankara and Amsterdam have not
Turkish envoy warns Czech authorities not to release former PYD leader Salih Muslim  ANKARA  Turkey’s ambassador to the
Turkish army chief vows to rout all militants in Afrin  ANKARA – Anadolu Agency  Turkey’s army chief on
Locals plunge into warm waters of historic Yozgat bath during winter  YOZGAT – Anadolu Agency  A historic Roman-era
Two Turkish soldiers killed in helicopter crash in Afrin operation: Officials  ANKARA  Two Turkish Armed Forces personnel were
Cancer patients receive mistaken radiation treatment in Turkey’s Antalya  Salim UZUN – ANTALYA  Twenty-seven out of 69 cancer
Private wealth in Turkey in decline: Report  ISTANBUL  Total private wealth held by people living in Turkey declined
Turkish defense minister attends anti-ISIL meeting in Rome  ROME – Anadolu Agency  Turkey’s Defense Minister Nurettin Canikli on
Two civilians killed in cross-border rocket attacks in Turkey’s south  KİLİS/ HATAY – Anadolu Agency  Two civilians were
US is in talks with Turkey about Manbij: Mattis  WASHINGTON – Anadolu Agency  The United States is in
US Congress report warns over costs of cyberattacks  WASHINGTON - Associated Press  Cyberattacks cost the United States between
Israel’s Netanyahu could act against Iran’s “empire”  MUNICH – Reuters  Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on Feb. 18
North Korean skaters made dream Olympic debut  GANGNEUNG – Agence France-Presse  North Korean skaters Ryom Tae-Ok and Kim
Demolishing work at Istanbul’s historic Atatürk Cultural Center kicks off  ISTANBUL  Demolishing works at the Atatürk Cultural Center
Opposition parties question Turkey’s controversial new internet broadcasting regulation  ISTANBUL  The main opposition Republican People’s Party (CHP) and
Turkish government says 27 workers killed in Istanbul’s third airport construction  Hacer Boyacıoğlu – ANKARA  The Turkish Labor
Horse-drawn sleighs gaining popularity in Turkey’s Kars  KARS  Tourists to the eastern Anatolian region of Kars ride sleighs
A classic Cold War game revives: Changing street names  Between 1996 and 2010 I worked on the fourth floor
Time for Turkey to return to the West  Two important developments in two days reanimated hopes that Ankara is
US-led strikes kill 100 pro-regime personnel in Syria  The US-led coalition carried out strikes in “self-defense” against forces loyal
Hakan Atilla’s acquittal request denied by US court  NEW YORK – Anadolu Agency  A judge in New York
US general says troops will remain in Manbij, backs Kurdish group  MANBIJ, Syria – The Associated Press  On
Turkey, Algeria sign trade agreements  ALGIERS  Turkey and Algeria have signed a number of agreements on the sidelines
Turkish Airlines to transfer operations to Istanbul’s new airport ‘within 18 hours’  ISTANBUL  Turkish Airlines is set to
After Turkey’s anger, France’s Macron plays down Syria warning  ANKARA/TUNIS – Reuters  French President Emmanuel Macron has played
International stone fair set to open doors in March in İzmir  İZMİR  The 24th International Natural Stone and
It’s time to return to normalcy with Germany, says PM  Hander Fırat - ANKARA  It’s about time for
Turkey never used chemical weapons in Syria: Diplomatic sources  ANKARA/ WASHINGTON  Turkey has never used chemical weapons in
Greek minister quits after wife caught in benefit row  ATHENS – Reuters  Greece’s Economy and Development Minister Dimitri
The age of the ‘bubble’  When laws fail to protect people and start to serve as a tool to
Fairness in representation and changes to Turkey’s electoral system  The ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) is set to
Turkey needs more global value chains  Turkey’s industrial transformation started in the early 1980s. Unlike many of its Middle
Trump wants to sell US missiles to Turkey instead of Russia  The Donald Trump administration is examining ways to
Turkish border gate with Iran to operate 24 hours a day  VAN  Turkey is working to keep a
Turkish Cypriots 'must be part' of drilling decisions: Erhürman  NICOSIA – Anadolu Agency  There is no justification for
Turkey condemns Israel’s approval of new settler units  ANKARA – Anadolu Agency  Turkey on Feb. 23 condemned Israel's
Israel warns over Iran’s presence in Syria after air strikes  JERUSALEM – Agence France-Presse  Israel issued stark warnings
Kukerlandia Festival in northwest Turkey  EDİRNE  The Kukerlandia (Mask) Festival, usually taking place in the Bulgarian city of
Oxfam faces South Sudan abuse claim as sex scandal widens  LONDON  Scandal-hit British charity Oxfam was reeling on
Israel police recommend corruption charges against Netanyahu  JERUSALEM – The Associated Press  Israeli police have recommended that Benjamin
US intel report presented to Congress says YPG is ‘PKK’s Syrian militia,’ searching for autonomy  Cansu Çamlıbel -WASHINGTON 
Turkey may consider retaliatory measures if US curbs Turkish steel imports  ANKARA  Turkey may respond with retaliatory measures
284,000 Syrian children born in Turkey since start of war: Interior Minister Soylu  TRABZON  Some 284,777 children of
Two men in Seattle charged with trying to smuggle guns to Turkey  SEATTLE – The Associated Press  Two
Turkey blasts West for ‘remaining silent’ on YPG attacks on civilians, says YPG uses ‘human shields’  ANTALYA - ANKARA
Turkey should harvest rain water, professor suggests  ISTANBUL  Turkey will face an agricultural drought in the spring and
Eastern Express triples number of tourists visiting Ani  KARS  A nostalgic train line from the capital Ankara to
955 miners trapped in S Africa rescued  TEUNISSEN  All 955 gold miners who were trapped underground for more
Drones capture YPG attacks on Turkey from Syria  ANKARA – Anadolu Agency  Turkish army drones have captured videos
A train crash between Turkey and the US put on hold  The bewildering high-level diplomatic traffic of the past
EU expresses fresh concerns over Turkey’s deteriorating rule of law  ANKARA  The European Union has expressed concern over
Turkey asks Russia to extradite ‘key suspect in 2013 Hatay bombings’ Mihraç Ural  ANKARA  Turkey has asked Moscow
Apple ‘plans biggest iPhone yet for 2018’  LONDON – Reuters  Apple Inc is preparing to release three new
Comcast offers $31 billion to acquire Sky  LONDON – Reuters  Comcast Corp, the biggest cable operator in the
Main opposition CHP leader blasts government for privatizing sugar plants in central Turkey  ANKARA  Main opposition Republican People’s
Eight suspects detained, one killed after explosion hits Ankara  ANKARA  Turkish authorities on Feb. 2 said they had
Two Turkish soldiers killed in Afrin operation  ANKARA  Two Turkish soldiers were killed and five were wounded on
Turkey must be more persistent in repatriation of ancient artifacts: Veteran journalist Özgen Acar  Turkish governments are not showing
Turkey, West African trade bloc ink cooperation deal  ISTANBUL  Turkey and the Economic Community of West African States
Istanbul to host Turkey-Russia-Iran summit on Syria  ISTANBUL  Turkey, Russia and Iran are expected to hold a presidential
YPG cleared from Turkey’s border with Afrin: PM Yıldırım  ANKARA  Turkey has cleared all militants of the Syrian
US aware of Turkey’s security concerns: Tillerson  KUWAIT – Reuters  The United States is “keenly aware” of Turkey’s
'Salt Bae' to open hamburger restaurant chain in US  The co-partner of Turkey’s global Nusr-et chain of grill houses,
German coalition deal reached: Top SPD negotiators  BERLIN - Reuters  Top Social Democrat (SPD) negotiators said on Feb.
Turkish man detained in Moscow for attacking women, stealing their underwear  MOSCOW  A 33-year-old Turkish national was detained
Interior minister critiques ‘negligence’ in Ankara tax office explosion  ISTANBUL  Turkish Interior Minister Süleyman Soylu has criticized a
Istanbul police detain 31 ISIL suspects, foreign nationals 'plotting attack'  ISTANBUL  Turkish police have detained 31 suspected Islamic
An arduous quest to find Turkey’s favorite Kurds in Syria  Following last week’s high-level meetings, it seems that the
Turkey’s new election law sparks questions over ballot box safety  A draft law overhauling Turkey’s Election Law and Political
Ancient crown seized in Istanbul  ISTANBUL  A 2,200-year-old crown and silver bowl have been seized by police in
Turkey backs Macedonia in name row with Greece  ANKARA  Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has supported Macedonia’s stance
Istanbul Governor’s Office to permit rallies, demonstrations in just nine areas, Taksim Square not included  ISTANBUL  The Istanbul
Detained Turkish Medical Association head defends anti-war statement  ANKARA  Three members of the Turkish Medical Association (TTB), who
Turkey test-fires indigenous HİSAR-A missile  ANKARA - Anadolu Agency  Turkish defense companies successfully test-fired its domestically produced HİSAR-A
Five Turkish citizens killed by 82 cross-border rocket attacks in 12 days: Turkish PM  ANKARA – Anadolu Agency 
823 militants ‘neutralized’ in Turkey’s Afrin operation  ANKARA – Anadolu Agency  At least 823 People’s Protection Units (YPG)
Turkey slams US bid to seek funds for SDF  ANKARA – Anadolu Agency  Turkey’s Deputy Prime Minister on
More than 60 killed in commercial airplane crash in Iran’s south  TEHRAN - The Associated Press  The spokesman
Turkey, EU in fresh spat over Syria operation  ANKARA  Turkey and the EU have engaged in a fresh
Sharp rise in Dutch arrivals to Turkey despite diplomatic spat: Association  ISTANBUL  A nearly 20 percent increase in
Crowd in Ankara protests US support to YPG as FM Çavuşoğlu meets Tillerson  ANKARA  Dozens of demonstrators have
Azerbaijan to open first phase of Southern Gas Corridor to Turkey in July  BAKU-Reuters  The first phase of
Venezuela begins selling oil-backed cryptocurrency  CARACAS-Agence France-Presse  Venezuela formally launched its new oil-backed cryptocurrency on Feb. 20 in
Syrian woman returns to live in Turkey’s Gaziantep despite getting ‘refugee status’ in Germany  Zeynep Bilgehan - GAZİANTEP 
Turkey declares 2018 ‘year of the battle against child labor’  ANKARA  The Prime Ministry on Feb. 20 published
Turkey becomes top destination for Iranian travelers  ISTANBUL  Some 2.5 million Iranian tourists visited Turkey in 2017, making
Turkey appreciates UK support for Afrin operation  LONDON – Anadolu Agency  Ankara appreciates the United Kingdom’s stance on
Detained Turkish lecturer in Israel released  JERUSALEM - Anadolu Agency  Israeli authorities on Feb. 11 released Istanbul Medeniyet
Guns that went missing during July 2016 coup attempt in Turkey being sought: Minister  Rifat BAŞARAN - ANKARA 
Iraq’s reconstruction after ISIL defeat to cost $88 bln  KUWAIT – Reuters  Rebuilding Iraq after three years of
In UAE, India’s Modi innaugurates a summit and a temple  DUBAI – Agence France-Presse  Indian Prime Minister Narendra
Turkey submits files to Czech authorities requesting extradition of former PYD head Salih Muslim  ANKARA  Turkey has submitted
Draft law hints at surprising tax hike for electric vehicles in Turkey  Emre Özpeynirci - ISTANBUL  A draft
Turkey’s culture minister compares artifact smugglers to ‘mafia’  Ömer Erbil – ANKARA  Historic artifact smugglers have established a
The world of late Ottoman caricaturist Yusuf Franko  ‘Youssouf Bey: The Charged Portraits of Fin-de-Siecle Pera’ edited by Bahattin
Erdoğan’s ‘handshake and Ottoman slap’ doctrine  Last week’s most important developments in Turkey have included getting into a surprise
Turkey’s opposition triggering tension with Greece  The year 1996 revealed another problem, among the many complex and interrelated disputes
The new Turkish Navtex  Under the disguise that it could soon be carrying out some naval exercises, Turkey issued
Who should inform farmers about drought?  Climate change is now the world’s number one problem.  There are some
Digital transformation  One of the buzz concepts of recent years is “digital transformation.” It goes hand in hand with
CHP head Kılıçdaroğlu to Çavuşoğlu: Are you foreign minister or translator?  ANKARA  Main opposition Republican People’s Party (CHP)
22.5 percent of tourism revenue comes from Turkish citizens living abroad  ANTALYA  More than 6.5 million Turkish citizens
Swiss academic wins legal battle in Turkey over contract dispute  Dinçer Gökçe - ISTANBUL  An academic from Switzerland
Highest rate of female shopkeepers in Çanakkale  Cansu Şimşek - ÇANAKKALE  Woman shopkeepers of the northwestern province of
Villagers flee Kashmir front line as Pakistan, India trade fire  SRINAGAR, India – Reuters  India and Pakistan have
South Korea church apologizes for abuse  SEOUL – Agence France-Presse  South Korea’s Catholic church on Feb. 25 apologized
One Turkish soldier killed in Syria’s Afrin  ANKARA – Anadolu Agency  A Turkish soldier was killed on Feb.
Mexican president’s visit to White House postponed  WASHINGTON – Reuters  U.S. President Donald Trump and Mexican President Enrique
Turkish university withdraws decision to suspend doctors critical of Afrin op  Gülseven ÖZKAN - ISTANBUL  Istanbul University has
Presdential spokesman Kalın meets Trump’s national security advisor  ISTANBUL  Turkish Presidential Spokesperson İbrahim Kalın met with U.S. President
Turkey slams Greek Cyprus over gas drilling works as tensions increase in eastern Mediterranean  ANKARA  Turkey has reiterated
Turkey’s largest airport will open in October: Minister  ISTANBUL-Reuters  The third airport in Turkey’s largest city, Istanbul, will
Turkish soldiers advancing slowly in Afrin to fight in line with Islamic ethics: Top religious body head  SAKARYA 
Dutch parliament’s decision “hostile”, Cavuşoğlu says  ANKARA – Anadolu Agency  Dutch Parliament’s motion recognizing the 1915 massacres of
Will Turkey close the İncirlik base to the US?  Turkey-U.S. relations are under scrutiny today as they have never
US miscalculation on Syria  The United States has made its top general in Syria, Lt. Gen. Paul Funk, speak
The timing of Turkey’s challenge to the US  Turkish Foreign Minister Çavuşoğlu said on Feb. 12 that relations between
Turkish Cypriot leader approves new four-party coalition government  NICOSIA – Anadolu Agency  Turkish Cypriot President Mustafa Akıncı approved
Syria and conflicting priorities  Since the establishment of de-conflict zones in Syria by Russia, Iran and Turkey as part
Illiberalism in Turkey and beyond  ‘Illiberal Governance in Turkey and Beyond’ edited by Kerem Öktem and Karabekir Akkoyunlu (Routledge,
Disgrace in Northern Cyprus  The Turkish Cypriot parliamentary elections last month produced a rather scattered parliament. Some 70 percent
US seeks Turkish cooperation to upgrade air defenses instead of Russian S-400s  Sevil Erkuş - WASHINGTON  The U.S.
100 acquitted, 64 get life sentences in Ankara over Turkey’s coup attempt  ANKARA  A criminal court in Ankara
Normalizing Turkey-US ties depends on US keeping its promises: FM Çavuşoğlu  MUNICH  Turkey’s foreign minister Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu has
IMF calls on Widodo to create more jobs  JAKARTA – Reuters  IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde is greeted
China adviser heads to US for trade talks  BEIJING - Reuters  Chinese President Xi Jinping’s top economic adviser,
Main opposition CHP slams Dutch parliament’s motion on 1915 mass killing of Ottoman Armenians  ANKARA  The main opposition
Russian woman found dead in apartment in Turkey’s Black Sea  TRABZON  A Russian woman was found dead in
National bar head blasts Erdoğan’s call to remove ‘Turkish’ from union’s name  ANKARA  Turkish Union of Bar Associations
Monitors report at least 35 civilian deaths in Assad strike  SAQBA, Syria – Agence France-Presse  Fresh regime strikes
350,000 Syrians will return to Afrin after operation ends: Turkish PM  KOCAELİ – Anadolu Agency  Around 350,000 people
Former PYD leader Muslim detained in Prague upon Turkey’s request  PRAGUE  The former co-leader of the Syrian Kurdish
Police seize almost 2,000 Roman and Byzantine artifacts in Istanbul  ISTANBUL  Istanbul police have seized a total of
İYİ Party leader Meral Akşener adopts rape victim cat ‘Cedric’  ANKARA  İYİ (Good) Party leader Meral Akşener has
British lords support Turkey’s ‘right to self-defense’  İpek Yezdani - ISTANBUL  It is the Turkish government’s right and
Turkey’s Health Ministry announces new regulations for hospitals’ emergency wards  ISTANBUL  The Health Ministry on Jan. 31 announced
Turkish Cypriot parties sign pact for coalition government that excludes leading party  NICOSIA  Four Turkish Cypriot political parties
Erdoğan to pay two-day visit to Vatican, Rome  ANKARA  Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan is scheduled to pay
Nigerian student killed by locals in Turkish Cyprus  Ömer Bilge – NICOSIA  A university student of Nigerian-origin was
The US and Turkey: Finding a way or making one  The weeks-long escalation in the skirmish of words between
US and Turkey: Allies or foes?  Are Turkey and the United States allies or enemies?  It appears that
Turkey’s anti-terror law to be amended for EU visa deal: Officials  Sevil Erkuş - ANKARA  Turkey has submitted
Turkey’s defense giant to attend Singapore Airshow with indigenous products  ANKARA  Turkish Aerospace Industries (TAI) has said it
Istanbul court releases two suspects in Turkish-Armenian journalist Hrant Dink murder case  ISTANBUL  An Istanbul court on Feb.
Turkey needs solid steps for a better image  It is obvious from diplomatic contacts and statements last week that
It is power politics, stupid!  I’m normally very happy when a journalist is freed from jail. Not so for
More women joining corporate boards  Tat Gıda General Manager Arzu Aslan Kesimer, who received the “Boards Empowered by Women
A new scale of censorship  Two weeks ago, the Turkish government proposed a bill to allow the Turkish media
BBP leader voices support for AKP-MHP alliance  ISTANBUL  Great Union Party (BBP) leader Mustafa Destici said they support
CHP leader Kılıçdaroğlu: Erdoğan’s actions discredit Turkey  ANKARA  Main opposition Republican People’s Party (CHP) leader Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu has
‘Ghost ships’ pose risk for public health and environment  İdris Emen - İSTANBUL  An expert has warned that
Iraq hands over to Russia 4 women, 27 children linked to ISIL  ARBIL – Reuters  Iraq has handed
Turkey slams Greece for refusing extradition of FETÖ members, DHKP-C militants  ISTANBUL – Anadolu Agency  Turkish Deputy Prime
History versus Tsipras government  Greeks have always viewed the present through the lens of history.  The “Macedonia” issue
Turkey’s Afrin op and the West  I am against all sorts of wars and military operations, regardless of their
Cautious optimism in Turkey–US ties  Fikret Bila  We can describe the political atmosphere after U.S. Secretary of State
Is Russia trying to force Turkey to talk to Syria?  Following a story run by Syria’s government-controlled Ikhbariya TV
Aydın Doğan Foundation to boost efforts in empowering women, girls: Chairwoman  NEW YORK  The Aydın Doğan Foundation' href='/search/Aydın
Turkey belongs to Europe, which would suffer without Turkey: Council of Europe head  İpek Yezdani – ISTANBUL  Turkey
Janitor receives record 572-year jail sentence for abusing 18 children in Turkey’s Adıyaman  İsmail Saymaz - ADIYAMAN  A
Astana process guarantors should act urgently: UN  GENEVA-BRUSSELS  The three guarantors of the Astana process, namely Russia, Iran
Giant mosaic unveiled in world's second largest Orthodox church  BELGRADE - AFP  A four-million-euro mosaic depicting Jesus Christ
Beşiktaş returns to Super League campaign with crunch Istanbul derby  ISTANBUL  A crucial game in the race for
Turkey calls on Russia, Iran to stop regime attacks in Syria’s Ghouta  ANKARA  Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu
US and Turkey to cooperate in Syria’s liberated zones: Mattis  ANKARA  The U.S. will work with Turkey on
Turkish home-care giant plans to invest over $150 mln in Pakistan  ISTANBUL  Turkey’s Hayat Kimya, which manufactures home-care,
Pentagon condemns rocket attacks on Turkey’s Kilis  WASHINGTON – Anadolu Agency  The Pentagon on Feb. 1 condemned recent
No current threat from Aedes mosquitoes capable of carrying Zika found in Turkey’s eastern Black Sea: Health Ministry  RİZE
Turkey issues arrest warrants for 120 FETÖ suspects, 34 arrested  KONYA  The Chief Public Prosecutor’s Office in central
EU to double funding for military force in West Africa’s Sahel region  BRUSSELS – Reuters  The European Union
Turkey 'explicitly' asks Greece to refrain from tension  ANKARA  Ankara has “explicitly” told Greece that refraining from tensions
Turkey’s Afrin operation helping Syrian Kurds: Turkish envoy to US says in letter to Wall Street Journal  ANKARA –
No evidence Turkish helicopter was shot down in Syria: Turkish PM  ISTANBUL  Prime Minister Binali Yıldırım said on
Former HDP co-leader Kemalbay detained over ‘terror propaganda’  ANKARA – Anadolu Agency  Former Peoples’ Democratic Party (HDP) co-leader
Three jailed Catalan leaders appeal to UN panel: Lawyers  LONDON – Agence France-Presse  Three Catalan leaders imprisoned in
Turk Eximbank hits road for more international cooperation  ISTANBUL – Anadolu Agency  Turk Eximbank has stepped up its
Former Istanbul governor, former Turkish police chief face up to 15 years in jail  ISTANBUL  A public prosecutor
Taiwanese rescuers brave aftershocks  HUALIEN, Taiwan  Taiwanese rescuers braved yesterday aftershocks coursing through a dangerously leaning apartment block
Turkish tourism sector player named vice president of UFTAA  ISTANBUL/TEL AVIV  Çetin Gürcün, secretary-general of the Turkish Travel
Senior ISIL leader al-Ithawi caught in Turkey’s northwest extradited to Iraq  BAGHDAD – Agence France-Presse  Iraqi authorities stated
Turkish businessman Ali Sabancı awarded France’s highest honor  ISTANBUL – Doğan News Agency  France on Feb. 13 honored
Council of Europe warns Turkey of flood of appeals to ECHR over state of emergency measures  ANKARA  The
Excavations continue in Pacific on Ottoman frigate Ertuğrul  MUĞLA – DHA  The first of this year’s excavations of
Reports about striking deal between Syrian regime and YPG on Afrin are propaganda: Presidential spokesperson  ANKARA  Presidential spokesperson
Heroic narcotic dog detects 98 kilograms of heroin in Turkey’s Erzincan  ERZİNCAN – Anadolu Agency  Ninety-eight kilograms of
Tillerson’s visit averted a break-up in US-Turkish ties: Senior advisor to Erdoğan  Barçın Yinanç - barcin.yinanc@hdn.com.tr  U.S. Secretary
Turkey expresses concern over Syrian regime’s increased attacks on Eastern Ghouta  ANKARA  Turkey has expressed concerns over the
Turkey’s ‘Operation Olive Branch’ in Syria’s Afrin enters 18th day  AZAZ – Anadolu Agency  Turkish soldiers and Free
474 detained last week in Turkey for ‘promoting PYD/PKK on social media’  ANKARA – Anadolu Agency  A total
Turkey calls on Pentagon to stop supporting YPG in Syria  WASHINGTON/ BRUSSELS  Turkish Defense Minister Nurettin Canikli said
Syrian regime offensive in Seragıp expected to trigger wave of refugees: Turkish Red Crescent  KİLİS - Anadolu Agency 
Turkey’s Constitutional Court rejects release demand journalists of Alpay and Altan  ISTANBUL  The Constitutional Court on Feb. 2
Turkish tank in Afrin ‘might have been hit by Russian-made anti tank weapon Konkurs’  Uğur Ergan – ANKARA 
Syria sliding into total disorder  The last few months of 2017 seemed to enhance the prospects of a coming
How would the UN Security Council resolution affect Turkey?  Resolution 2401 adopted by the United Nations Security Council on
Byzantine tricks in Turkey’s election system  Turkey’s domestic politics are getting stranger with every step the ruling Justice and
‘No eternal allies, no perpetual enemies’  The quote in the headline is one of the best known and most
State of emergency declared in Maldives  MALE, Maldives- Agence France-Presse  Maldives President Abdulla Yameen declared a 15-day state
Turkey’s exports surge 16 pct in January, EU share rises to 52.6 pct: TİM  ANKARA - Anadolu Agency 
Uzbekistan starts visa-free entry for Turkish citizens  TASHKENT - Anadolu Agency  Uzbekistan announced on Feb. 10 it will
Iraqi mother finds kidnapped children in Turkey  TRABZON  An Iraqi mother has reunited with her four children who
Turkey will ‘hand Manbij to Arab owners’ after expelling YPG: Erdoğan  ANKARA  Turkey’s anticipated military operation into Syria’s
Turkey’s main opposition to file complaint against AKP for ‘aiding PYD’  ANKARA  The main opposition Republican People’s Party
At least three migrants killed after boat capsizes in Edirne in Turkey’s northwest  EDİRNE  At least three people
Turkey’s Muğla exports marble to 60 countries  MUĞLA - Anadolu Agency  The southwestern province of Muğla exported marble
‘US aims to weaken other NAFTA members’  OTTAWA-Reuters  Canada’s chief negotiator at talks to modernize NAFTA on Feb.
Israeli PM, German minister engage in spat over ‘two-state solution’  JERUSALEM  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu met German
Turkey dismisses French remarks on Syria campaign as ‘insults,’ calls Europeans ‘two-faced’  ANKARA  Turkey has dismissed France’s cautionary
Get in touch with Syrian gov’t, says CHP head Kılıçdaroğlu  ANKARA  Ankara should immediately get in touch with
Bodrum’s 600-year-old Sandıma village abandoned to meet its fate  MUĞLA – DHA  A centuries old village in a
Turkey sends police special forces to Afrin, signaling urban fight  ANKARA  Turkey has sent hundreds of special operations
Turkey plans to hold new big tenders for wind, solar plants by summer 2018: Minister  ISTANBUL  The work
Istanbul prosecutor appeals, demands harsher verdict for CHP MP Berberoğlu  ISTANBUL  An Istanbul prosecutor on Feb. 22 submitted
Turkey eyes business with West Africa  ISTANBUL - Anadolu Agency  The Turkish economy minister suggested on Feb. 22
48 years in jail sought for bus drivers who ‘raped hearing-impaired woman’ in Istanbul  ISTANBUL  An Istanbul prosecutor
Indonesia seals $1.1 billion deal with Russia to buy 11 jets  JAKARTA  Indonesia has inked a billion-dollar deal
Inmates at Van prison become workshop workers  VAN/NİĞDE  Inmates at a low-security prison in Turkey’s eastern province Van
Verdict expected for jailed journalists Nazlı Ilıcak and Altan brothers  ISTANBUL  The verdict of the alleged “media wing”
Turkish, Russian, Iranian foreign ministers to meet again in Astana  MOSCOW – Anadolu Agency  The Turkish, Russian, and
Re-elected CHP head Kılıçdaroğlu vows party ‘will never revert to street politics’  İpek Özbey - ISTANBUL  Turkey’s main
US Defense Secretary Mattis admits some YPG militants are shifting to Afrin  WASHINGTON - Anadolu Agency  U.S. Defense
Erdoğan offers condolences to Putin over crashed Russian passenger aircraft  ANKARA - Anadolu Agency  President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan
Blood of martyrs to not go in vain: Turkish army chief  ANKARA – Anadolu Agency  The blood of
Syria deploys new air defense systems in north  BEIRUT – Reuters  The Syrian army has deployed new air
Turkey, China discuss ways to enhance bilateral economic cooperation  BEIJING  Turkey and China on Feb. 9 discussed ways
British ISIL militant apprehended trying to reach Turkey: Reuters  BEIRUT  One of two British Islamic State of Iraq
‘Comfort women’ deal is final, Abe tells Moon  PYEONGCHANG – Reuters  Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe restated Tokyo’s
Turkish government stops relocating Syrians to Istanbul  Fevzi Kızılkoyun – ANKARA  The Turkish government has stopped registering and
Turkey mulling chemical castration for child molesters  ISTANBUL  A commission of six ministries held its first meeting on
Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu re-elected as Turkey’s main opposition CHP chair  ANKARA  Kılıçdaroğlu' href='/search/Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu'>Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu was re-elected for a
Is the ‘2.5 War Strategy’ making a comeback?  While all eyes are on Turkey’s “Operation Olive Branch” in Syria’s
Turkey, Germany vow to improve strained ties following Merkel-Yıldırım meeting  BERLIN/MUNICH  Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yıldırım and German
Will Turkey and Russia become ‘strategic allies’ or sustain a ‘marriage of convenience’?  Mehmet Öğütçü and Dimitar Bechev 
Turkey deploys scientists to Antarctica to upgrade status in treaty, conduct research  Serkan Demitaş - ANKARA  Turkey is
When Tahrir al-Sham forces accompany a Turkish military convoy in Idlib  The topic first caught my attention when I
US sticks with ‘bad alternative’ in Syria  Following a meeting with Turkish Defense Minister Nurettin Canikli in Brussels on
Israel extends detention of Turkish lecturer for third time  JERUSALEM  An Israeli court on Feb. 6 extended the
US admits picking ‘bad alternative’ in Syria  BRUSSELS/ANKARA  The United States has indirectly admitted that its decision to
Turkey seeks 'trust-based' ties with US despite row  ISTANBUL - Reuters  Senior Turkish officials have expressed Ankara’s willingness
War of words in Turkey’s religious orders  I have been sadly observing the power struggles, competition for economic benefits,
Will our ancestral maps help break prejudices?  I have heard many interesting stories since the launch of Turkey’s state
When a justice minister is worried about his children...  Turkish Justice Minister Abdulhamit Gül has told Hürriyet’s Ankara Bureau
San Francisco offers marijuana conviction amnesty  LOS ANGELES – Agence France-Presse  The city of San Francisco, one of
Guardiola repeats call for player protection  MANCHESTER  Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola urged officials to better protect his
Turkey welcomes UN call for Syria truce, says Afrin operation will continue  Uğur Ergan - ANKARA  Turkey welcomed
Turkey not distracted from fight against ISIL, presidential spokesman says in CNN article  ANKARA  The Turkish military’s cross-border
Public employees strike in Gaza over unpaid salaries  GAZA CITY  Public sector employees in the Gaza Strip went
Presidency costing family: Trump jr  NEW DELHI – Agence France-Presse  Donald Trump’s presidency has cost the family firm
Turkish police detain 100 on charges of facilitating illegal betting  ADANA  The Turkish police early on Feb. 13
Turkish army moves to fourth observation point in Syria’s Idlib de-escalation zone  IDLIB – Anadolu Agency  A convoy
28 women killed, 25 sexually harassed in Turkey in January: NGO  ISTANBUL  Some 28 women were killed in
US criticizes Turkey over conviction of NASA scientist  ANKARA  The United States has expressed deep concern over the
In 1968, Michigan Governor George Romney failed in his campaign for the Republican presidential nomination. The ambition to serve as
The ethanol industry recently held its annual convention in Texas, which led to sparks in the political arena and Texas
The revelers responsible for the Forever Lee Circle beads should be put at the front of a parade. That is
In case you missed the article over the weekend, the Associated Press had a piece about the announcement by President
Georgia Lt. Governor Casey Cagle stirred the pot quite a bit today with a single tweet taking on liberal activism
Just some quick math. Income taxes in Louisiana will go up by $302 million because of the new Federal tax
Panic is emanating from Baton Rouge around the “fiscal cliff” budget debate.  But don’t buy the hype. While some
The 2018 Pyeongchang Olympic Games is a source of pride for the roughly 10,000 Koreans living in North Texas. 
We’ve hinted at this repeatedly, particularly after the shockingly one-sided treatment the New Orleans Times Picayune and Baton Rouge Advocate
In the wake of the recent school shooting in Florida, teachers and law enforcement are on edge. They’re worried about
Russia is not only controversial when it comes to its dealings with Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party. Its fish
U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz warned Texas Republicans this weekend that they needed to mobilize and prepare for “a turbulent election
For some reason the district attorney’s office in Baton Rouge hasn’t done anything with the case, and with the DA
…in a comment to a YouTube video last year to “be a professional school shooter.” The poster of the video
…which is aimed at providing a basis from which the mayor-president Sharon Weston Broome will proceed to give her pals
…I can’t say for sure that I recall what exactly Ingraham said during her keynote speech that chased Gov. John
Thank God for U.S. Senator Rand Paul (R-KY). At least there is one politician in the United States Senate who
A recent Star-Telegram headline reads, “Will ‘blue wave’ hit Tarrant County and flip Texas?” And, a lot of media hype
The fifteen-year-old from Mauriceville, Texas, Heaven Cox, vanished from her home on November 25, 2017. Family members believed that she
Well, Penguin Books has now released the first eight pages of Mayor Mitch Landrieu’s pretentiously-titled new book, “In the Shadow
“He lies every time he opens his mouth.” That was Rep. Alan Seabaugh’s characterization of Gov. John Bel Edwards Friday
Little Prince George started an international scandal– debate– over whether or not little children, or children of any age, should
Governor John Bel Edwards’ approval rating is about to plummet and it won’t be entirely his own fault. The Governor
…unlike the 43 fishing expeditions John Bel Edwards and his cabal of ambulance chasers have filed in state courts attempting
Texas Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick plans to block producers of a new movie, Let Her Speak, from filming in the
On January 11, 2018, West Virginia Senators Mike Azinger (R-Wood) and Sue Cline (R-Wyoming) introduced Senate Bill 252, which would
A recent conversation with a very successful oil and gas exploration operator gave me a sense of foreboding about something
Everywhere you look, lawmakers, editorialists, and policy experts are asking questions about the so-called “fiscal cliff” facing Louisiana’s budget. That
The buzz around the state capitol Monday afternoon came courtesy of a letter penned by a number of members of
Dr. Dean Lorich, an orthopedic surgeon who volunteered in Haiti and exposed the extent of Clinton Foundation corruption via Wikileaks
One question keeps popping up in our heads as we watch the continuing decline of Baton Rouge under the mismanagement
Our readers likely remember the rather serious controversy which took place following the 2015 gubernatorial election when it was revealed
Thanks to the use of social media, more information as become available about Google’s involvement with Clinton Election and Foundation,
Inside Higher Ed last week ran an obituary for an idea that was doomed from the start: free speech zones
America’s former ambassador to the United Nations, John Bolton, speaks exclusively to The Daily Signal about China, North Korea, and
Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com  Some in the crowd cheered when Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau corrected a
Anti-trans bigotry exists. It’s wrong, and we should all condemn it. I condemn it in my new book “When Harry
Is it really a decade since the passing of William F. Buckley Jr., who wrote more and debated more and
Pro-life advocates say they care far more about women’s health and well-being than Planned Parenthood does, and that they must
He will stay on mission to “deliver value for the American people,” despite personal criticism, racial slurs, and death threats
The irony and hypocrisy are obviously lost on self-styled “anti-fascists” who loudly—and, more often than not, violently—shut down, in fascist
Opposition research against Donald Trump, funded by Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign and the Democratic National Committee, was an essential element
How would you like to receive $500 a month, no strings attached?  Stockton, California, a city outside of Silicon
The Republic of Kosovo, a young democracy in the Balkans, celebrated the 10th anniversary of its independence on Feb. 17.
So poisonously partisan is the climate in Congress these days that even something as basic as renaming a strip of
Bias and mass censorship from extraordinarily powerful tech companies create an enormous problem that Americans have to come to terms
A 3-year-old boy died after the ambulance he was riding in was struck by a drunken illegal immigrant in North
On Monday, Rep. Eric Swalwell, D-Calif., and several other Democratic congressmen introduced a bill in the House that they say
When Swedes go to the polls in September, it will be with a backdrop of increasing crime and renewed concern
Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., is keeping quiet as a federal grand jury investigates a bank loan to a now-defunct private
Congressional investigators are struggling to track down a source that allegedly provided some of the most salacious claims made in
Intellectual property theft has been a thorn in the side of U.S. companies for decades. China has long been a
A pro-family student organization at Georgetown University has received its donations back after an investigation of faculty and others who
A legal watchdog is pressing the Justice Department in court for documents that could allow Americans to decide for themselves
A senator from Texas is no longer holding up the nomination of President Donald Trump’s pick to be deputy director
President Donald Trump announced on Friday the “largest package of sanctions yet” on North Korea, targeting an extensive tranche of
Facebook users attacked Rep. Mike Bost, R-Ill., for a post about his hand-delivering a bag of prayer cards to President
A judge who is part of a secret court system criticized the Obama administration for “an institutional lack of candor”
President Donald Trump praised first responders and doctors who tried to save as many victims as possible from the shooting
Individuals on the left have taken to Twitter to share their displeasure with President Donald Trump’s State of the Union
A coalition of northeastern states suing the Trump administration over the new tax code is only the most recent example
For Clark County, Georgia, Sheriff Ira Edwards Jr., the danger sanctuary cities pose to communities became overwhelmingly clear during a
On Feb. 1, Maryland’s attorney general signaled his state will join with the coalition of New York, Connecticut, and New
After much speculation pertaining to the Trump administration’s official policy on transgender restroom policies, a White House spokeswoman indicated that
Planned Parenthood will celebrate Valentine’s Day by staging a protest on President Donald Trump’s budget cuts, alleging that the budget
“All his life he was a man of extraordinary personal courage,” wrote biographer William Manchester of Winston Churchill.  “During
The battle for Western civilization is taking place on the campuses of American universities and high schools, activists argued Thursday
A formerly secret memo released Friday by Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee raises serious questions about the judgment and
The latest mass shooting, this time at a Florida high school, was one of the deadliest school shootings since the
Microsoft is preparing to defend itself against the federal government at the Supreme Court in a case that could have
Sen. James Lankford said on NBC’s “Meet the Press” that at least three times as many crimes are committed with
Any American who ever questions whether the First Amendment is vital to protect free speech should just cast a glance
An illegal immigrant held under federal protection has indicated that lawyers representing her have pressured her to abort the child
The Department of Justice announced Tuesday the creation of a cyber task force, including the FBI, that will counter efforts
Occupational licensing, the system wherein workers need a government permission slip to work in certain regulated professions, has drawn attention
At the heart of democracy lies not just the right to vote, but the right to vote in a free
Former Trump campaign adviser Rick Gates pleaded guilty Friday in a case being prosecuted by special counsel Robert Mueller. 
Congress appears ready to crack down on individuals and groups who work on behalf of Russia and other foreign nations
The Supreme Court is scheduled to return to Washington next week after nearly a month off. The justices will hear
The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 raised the defense budget caps for both 2018 and 2019. For the coming year,
Welcome to the first Friday edition of The Daily Signal’s podcast. We take a look at the top news stories
Sometimes it’s good to have a little historical perspective when reacting to the news of the day.  The Washington
Brazil’s performance in the 2018 edition of The Heritage Foundation’s Index of Economic Freedom confirms yet again that South America’s
President Donald Trump, saying he will travel to Parkland, Florida, following a deadly school shooting there, vowed Thursday to meet
A majority of Americans now support the tax cuts passed by Republicans in Congress and signed into law by President
Conservatives are voicing alarm over a Senate proposal announced Wednesday by Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., and Minority Leader Chuck
While politicians, pundits, and the people continue to react to (and spin) the contents of the Nunes memo that was
Congressional leaders on Wednesday announced their latest budget-busting deal.  The plan would provide a much-needed boost to defense spending,
Lucas Warren, a 1-year-old from Dalton, Georgia, is the 2018 Gerber “spokesbaby”—and the first with Down syndrome in the contest’s
We live in a Golden Age of economic progress. People living today enjoy long lives, good health, and high standards
One of the highlights of President Donald Trump’s first State of the Union address was a North Korean defector brutalized
Everywhere I go, I carry a Spartans water bottle. I used to hope that someone on the street would yell
Since Republicans passed the tax bill last December, the country has seen a wave of hand-wringing and hysteria.  Sen.
Where are all the grown-ups in times of crisis and grief? Don’t bother searching America’s prestigious law schools.  Two
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos is calling on Americans to embrace a vision of “education freedom” that empowers students and parents
The opioid epidemic is the No. 1 killer of Americans under 50 years old—a startling reality that former Fox News
Prager University, a conservative nonprofit that creates educational videos, is suing Google for allegedly discriminating against the digital media organization
Power companies and the states where they do business say consumers will see lower utility rates due to the tax
A California judge ruled Monday the state couldn’t force a cake shop owner to bake a cake for a gay
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson just wrapped up a multinational journey of Latin America and, by all accounts, the trip
A growing chorus of critics is demanding the Trump administration get on with the business of reforming the Broadcasting Board
Some point to the deficit as a reason to raise taxes. But new research shows that spending cuts are superior
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission may seem like an unlikely threat to religious liberty and the institution of marriage. After
President Donald Trump called for a ban Tuesday on devices that enable guns to fire more rounds more rapidly, one
An Iranian drone flying into Israeli airspace Saturday triggered a mushrooming crisis involving retaliatory strikes and counterstrikes in Syria. 
President Donald Trump found high poll numbers Saturday in an unsurprising venue. But the contrast with his past performances in
As Americans, it’s rare we engage in a national conversation while putting our political beliefs aside. Mass murders like the
The illegal immigrant suspected of killing an Indianapolis Colts player and another man in a drunken roadside crash over the
Leaders of conservative groups are calling on Congress and President Donald Trump to reject any legislation providing amnesty for illegal
The Senate voted to begin debate Monday evening on President Donald Trump’s framework for immigration reform, which would grant amnesty
President Donald Trump is proposing a 10-year spending plan that never produces a balanced budget, and increases deficit spending by
The media can’t contain their excitement over North Korea at the Olympics. We talk to Jarrett Stepman about that, along
The bulk of the money for President Donald Trump’s proposed $1.5 trillion infrastructure plan wouldn’t come from federal funds, and
It’s been more than 120 years since his death, but abolitionist and social reformer Frederick Douglass is still relevant to
Human trafficking may be illegal in countries around the world, but the gruesome practice remains alive and well.  Contrary
A special court today sent Indrani Mukerjea, a prime accused in the Sheena Bora murder case, to 14 days judicial
Maldives has declined to participate in the Milan multilateral naval exercise to be held in Andaman next month without ascribing
A 45-year-old man doused himself with petrol and then put a match in front of the Mico Layout traffic police
Minister K J George on Sunday said he did not regret being the Bengaluru in-charge minister as he considers the
The government should support screenings of experimental movies if it has to thrive alongside commercial cinema, veteran Kannada filmmaker P
The CPM on Wednesday flagged deep concerns over the VHP's "Ram Raj Rath Yatra" across the country, saying it is
The army on Wednesday indirectly asked politicians not to communalise martyrs, a day after AIMIM president and MP Asaduddin Owaisi
With both sides keen on bringing bilateral ties back on track, India and China have agreed to respect each other's
A drunk man bit a snake at his farm here and killed it. Doctors who treated the man said the
The army said on Monday that a search operation is underway in Sunjwan camp in Jammu, as one militant was
At a time when security forces are battling with Pakistan-sponsored militants at multiple fronts, Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Mehbooba
The ED today questioned RJD chief Lalu Prasad's son-in-law Rahul Yadav in connection with its money laundering probe in a
Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan on Monday said the RSS was trying to turn India into "Hitler's Germany or Mussolini's
Punjab Chief Minister Amarinder Singh on Monday announced that he would meet Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in Amritsar amid
In a first such attack this year, Pakistani soldiers on Monday carried out Border Action Team (BAT) attack along the
The travel time between Mumbai and Pune is all set to reduce significantly to just 25 minutes, which is possible
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Nara Chandrababu Naidu is likely to hold an all-party meet to discuss the problems due to
In a major policy shift, Pakistan has decided to deploy troops in Saudi Arabia under bilateral security cooperation with the
At least nine children were killed and about 20 injured when a speeding Bolero lost control and ploughed through them
Demanding a thorough probe by the RBI into the alleged Rs 11,400-crore PNB fraud, the Congress today said the prime
The by-polls to a Lok Sabha and two assembly seats in Bihar will be the first electoral test of the
Making a mockery of the population control function, a BJP legislator asked the Hindus to keep on producing children until
Google's parent company Alphabet has detailed how it makes decisions regarding its dozen different businesses, with India-born Sundar Pichai wielding
A company owned by Nirav Modi has filed for bankruptcy in a New York court, as investigators stepped up their
Art of Living (AOL) founder and spiritual guru Sri Sri Ravishankar on Tuesday met Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath
Semiconductor industry veteran Ajit Manocha exhorted the Indian government to make use of Indian talent in the US to be
Former MLA N Yogish Bhat has urged the ADB and Jalasiri officials to implement comprehensive water scheme, while implementing Phase
The Enforcement Directorate (ED) on Tuesday moved a special court here, seeking issuance of a non-bailable warrant (NBW) against diamond
The Supreme Court on Tuesday said more and more people are being incarcerated, and for longer periods, in disregard to
Pakistan's ruling party on Tuesday chose Shahbaz Sharif as its president, officials said, replacing his brother and veteran leader Nawaz
HCL Technologies (HCL), the fourth leading IT services in the country, is named a top employer in the United Kingdom
As many as 15,42,121 teens, aged between 18 and 19, have registered to vote in the upcoming Assembly polls. 
In a strong reaction to China's objection to Prime Minister Narendra Modi visiting Arunachal Pradesh, India on Friday said its
A state-wide bandh called by Left parties today is a protest against the "anti-people" Union Budget 2018. YSRC leader YS
Rajya Sabha proceedings were adjourned till noon today after the Congress members created an uproar over Prime Minister Narendra Modi's
Vice President M Venkaiah Naidu today condemned political killings and asked people to isolate the forces of violence.  
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Saturday said India is giving a befitting reply to the nefarious activities of Pakistan.
Texas Governor Greg Abbott issued a last-minute reprieve for a death row prisoner who hired a gunman to kill his
North Korea sharply criticised U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres today for supporting sanctions to pressure the country into negotiations with the
Amid some airlines writing to the government on Air India disinvestment, Civil Aviation minister on Tuesday said "unsolicited" Expressions of
GST returns filed by companies opting for the GST composition scheme has left the government surprised as 5 lakh companies
"I had dreamt of being a doctor and was also interested in biology. I can survive even if i do
The people of Gujarat can heave a sigh of relief as Chief Minister Vijay Rupani on Friday said that drinking
The Goa government on Friday charged that Karnataka has not scientifically studied the water availability and annual rainfall in the
A terrorist belonging to Pakistan-based terror group Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) who operated from Karnataka, has been sentenced to seven years rigorous
When Congress president Rahul Gandhi shares the dais with former BJP MLA Anand Singh, who joined the Congress recently, at
In the latest report on health index released on Friday, Karnataka finds itself in the ninth position, below Kerala, Tamil
Eleven Chinese warships sailed into the East Indian Ocean this month, a Chinese news portal said, amid a constitutional crisis
TV media's frantic reporting over the death of veteran actor Sridevi has angered Bollywood celebrities and her fans, who have
He faced a group of heavily armed desperate terrorists with bare hands, took scores of bullets on his chest and
The Bihar Police have registered an FIR against BJP leader Manoj Baitha whose SUV mowed down nine school children in
US President Donald Trump has a "strong relationship" with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, a State Department official said today, emphasising
The Supreme Court on Thursday said the Babri Masjid-Ram Janmabhoomi case is "purely a land dispute" and it would be
Hundreds of advocates and senior counsels began a relay hunger strike on Monday, demanding that long-pending judicial vacancies in the
Property owners in the city can now obtain khata transfers online by applying for it through the Sakala service. 
Canadian High Commissioner Nadir Patel has cancelled tonight's dinner invitation to Jaspal Atwal, a convicted Khalistani terrorist.   
More than 100 girls were missing today, police said, two days after a Boko Haram attack on their school in
The ED today said it has frozen mutual funds and shares worth Rs 94.52 crore of the Nirav Modi and
A terrorist of the Pakistan-based terror group Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) has been sentenced to seven years rigorous imprisonment by a local
The 88th Mahamastakabhisheka for Bahubali's statue has evoked good response from non-resident Indians (NRI) and around 250 NRIs have participated
The golden jubilee celebrations of Govinda Dasa College in Surathkal will be held from February 24 to 27.  
But, they hope that by the time Parliament resumes its budget session, the government will have a better grip of
The CBI on Thursday claimed to have unearthed a "global" child pornography racket run by a 20-year-old commerce graduate. 
Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar, who returned here on Thursday after being discharged from a Mumbai hospital, said he would
The Supreme Court on Thursday once again stressed that the court cannot intervene in an adult woman's choice of marriage.
Two grief-stricken fathers whose children died in big private hospitals that raised hefty bills for dengue treatment, on Thursday demanded
The iconic Strand Book Stall located amidst the hustle and bustle of Fort area of Mumbai, will close down end-February.
The Indian Railways, which has invited applications to over 90,000 posts, on Thursday relaxed the rules for job seekers to
A comprehensive action plan for Yadgir and Raichur districts will be in place by April this year for their overall
The CII Partnership summit that concluded on Monday in Visakhapatnam has fetched 734 Memorandum of Understandings (MoUs) worth Rs 4.39
Rendering of a Sanskrit invocation song at an event attended by two union ministers at the IIT Madras today triggered
The Medical Council of India's (MCI) decision to bar open school students from appearing for the National Eligibility cum Entrance
A major fire broke out inside the premises of famous Meenakshi temple here in which at least 40 shops were
Bharatiya Janata Party president Amit Shah on Monday slammed Congress president Rahul Gandhi for mocking the NDA government on the
Intensifying his attack on the Centre over the Rafale fighter jet deal, Rahul Gandhi today alleged it was the biggest
Moulana Wali Rehamani, general secretary of All India Muslim Personal Law Board (AIMPLB), expressed concern over the threat to Muslim
Days after a Budget proposal to repeal PPF Act raised scare among subscribers about the safety of their Public Provident
In the aftermath of the PNB scam, the government is set to come up with new rules for big corporate
The Centre on Friday told the Supreme Court that it was considering to put in place safety and emission standards
A Delhi court on Friday allowed one-day transit remand to the CBI to take Rotomac owner Vikram Kothari and his
The Leader of Opposition in Gujarat, Paresh Dhanani, on Thursday lashed out at Prime Minister Narendra Modi for insinuating that
BJP Rajya Sabha MP Vinay Katiyar has said the Ram temple in Ayodhya will be constructed on the spot where
For all the optimism, innovation and wealth that are produced here in San Francisco, the Bay Area can also feel
Basking in the winter sun, swaying to the pleasant breeze with the chirping of birds all along, a bunch of
Thirteen busy traffic junctions in the city are set to get grade separators (underpasses and flyovers) at a cost of
The state BJP will launch a "Save Bengaluru" campaign highlighting the "increase in crimes, pollution levels and maladministration" in the
Tofu, sushi and job fair come together at Japan Habba    Bengaluru: Sipping tea from Japan and listening
Chennai, Feb 16 (PTI) Tamil Nadu Deputy Chief Minister O Panneerselvam today said that the government would work diligently to
Eminent cardiologist Dr B K Goyal passed away in Mumbai on Tuesday. He was 82.    He is
The second Mahamastakabhisheka of the century and 88th in the series for Bhagwan Bahubali concluded on Sunday. The next Mahamastakabhisheka
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Sunday toured the Taj Mahal with his wife and children as he began a
With the Karnataka elections fast approaching, the Congress high command is in a fix as host of its senior leaders
Actor Prakash Rai, on Monday, said that he opposes the Rightists, but, he is not in favour of the Leftists.
Two policemen were killed and six others injured in a gun-battle with Maoists in Chhattisgarh's Sukma district on Sunday, a
Maldives' President Abdulla Yameen is sending out his ministers to China, Pakistan and Saudi Arabia as "special envoys", but none
Reacting strongly to political turmoil in the Maldives, India today said it was "disturbed" on the declaration of an emergency
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) will probe the case related to the bomb blast in Bodh Gaya on January 19.
Four major railway projects for Tumakuru district have been sanctioned totally Rs 466 crore in the current Union budget. 
In a stinging criticism of the Uttar Pradesh government, the NHRC on Monday said policemen in the state now feel
The BJP leaders of Nagaland have written to party chief Amit Shah, expressing their resentment against the saffron party's pre-poll
A young army captain and three jawans were killed and at least four people were injured on Sunday in heavy
A day after Narendra Modi launched a high-pitch poll campaign in Tripura asking voters to "throw away" the Left Front
A major fire broke out inside the premises of famous Meenakshi temple here in which at least 40 shops were
Islamic scholar Tariq Ramadan was charged with rape today, a judicial source said, following claims by two women that he
The presence of the leaders of all 10 ASEAN countries at the Republic Day Parade last month was an impressive
Syrian regime jets have pounded Eastern Ghouta, sending the death toll from a four-day assault on the rebel enclave on
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Friday took on the Opposition Congress for the economic mess it created in over five
Officials at Namma Metro are trying to bring app-based cab and autorickshaw services at all the 40 Metro stations in
Technology will bring actors-turned-politicians M G Ramachandran and Jayalalithaa back to life for the animated movie 'Kizhakku Africavil Raju' slated
The Bahubali Hospital, which will be inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday, is among the various social welfare
From direct involvement of citizens and technical experts in governance, to generating employment for 10 lakh unemployed rural youth and
Two Delhi-based lawyers on Monday approached the Supreme Court seeking an SIT probe into the PNB scam.   
Indian national Kulbhushan Jadhav, who was sentenced to death by a Pakistani military court on spying charges, is now facing
There is a strong case for a fair and independent probe into the death of CBI judge B H Loya,
Buoyed by the good response to its pre-election rally addressed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday, the state BJP
The Supreme Court today said that it was "not satisfied" with the progress made by the CBI's SIT in the
BJP president Amit Shah on Monday asserted that the BJP would form the next government in Tripura which would be
Pakistan warned India against cross-border strikes in Kashmir after India blamed a Pakistan-based group for an attack on an army
Hundreds of Boko Haram suspects were due back in court Monday to hear if they will be prosecuted, sentenced or
State-owned PNB today said it has followed lawful avenues to recover its dues following Rs 11,400 crore swindling of funds
The Army has started implementing reforms aimed at readying a larger talent pool for crucial tasks and bringing down the
Veteran Congress leader Harish Rawat on Thursday appealed to the people of Tripura to vote for his party to "save
General V K Singh going 2 get serious competition from army chief bipin rawat soon.  Owaisi saying Who is
Ahead of Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's visit to the Golden Temple on Wednesday, stray dogs in Amritsar were tranquilised
The Aga Khan Development Network (AKDN) received appreciation from President Ram Nath Kovind for restoration of various monuments and transformation
CISF security personnel today foiled a Naxal attack on a security post at the NMDC mines area in the Dantewada
The Opposition today continued its offensive against the government over the Union Budget, alleging that several key issues like agriculture
All India Muslim Personal Law Board (AIMPLB) will welcome the Triple Talaq Bill, only if the flaws and loopholes are
Congress president Rahul Gandhi is the only person who can take on Prime Minister Narendra Modi in the 2019 polls
Pakistan today said India has not responded to its queries on Indian death-row prisoner Kulbhushan Jadhav's passport and details of
The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) will hold the National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test (NEET) for medical aspirants on May 6.
China has confirmed "resumption" of Kailash Mansarovar Yatra through the Nathu La route, Minister of State for External Affairs V
Scotching reports on the presence of 11 Chinese warships in the Indian Ocean, the navy on Tuesday said these ships
Despite his uncle and JD(S) state president H D Kumaraswamy's strong opposition to his candidature in the upcoming Assembly elections,
With Assembly elections round the corner, the BJP and the JD(S) leaders on Saturday went all out to please the
The ruling Congress, which is planning to win three of the four Rajya Sabha seats for which the elections are
Under pressure to act against banned groups, Pakistan has launched a crackdown on seminaries and health facilities run by Mumbai
Mizoram Chief Minister Lal Thanhawla has urged Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh to beef up security along the state's border
A group of Muslim youths from Hyderabad have filed a complaint against a song in Malayalam actor Priya Varrier's upcoming
A massive chunk of a martian meteorite will be carried onboard NASA's Mars 2020 rover mission, to serve as target
The Supreme Court on Monday restrained the Jammu and Kashmir Police from taking any coercive action against Army personnel in
When it comes to the security of the country's borders, the Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) wants to leave no stone
The e-way bill system for inter-state movement of goods under the Goods and Services Tax (GST) will be re-introduced from
The Supreme Court on Monday said none can intervene in a marriage or choice of partners when two adults decide
Chief Minister Siddaramaiah on Friday announced establishment of Karnataka Innovation Authority to encourage innovations in different areas.   
As many as 108 people were arrested in 90 cases of attacks on journalists across the country in 2015-17, the
On Tuesday as the proceedings of the Assembly began, opposition legislators of National Conference, Congress and CPI (M) stood up,
The Law Ministry has said it has no record spelling out the legal action which can be taken against those
The CBI is planning to file an appeal in Delhi High Court against the acquittal of the accused, including DMK
Dismissing reports that the city will be the second metropolis to go dry after Cape Town in South Africa, Bengaluru
Chief Minister Siddaramaiah on Monday said Narendra Modi was "morally unfit" to hold the post of India's prime minister. 
In a stinging attack on Amit Shah, who has promised a solution to the long-standing Mahadayi river dispute, the Goa
In a blistering attack on the Siddaramaiah government in Karnataka, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today dubbed it as "seeda Rupaiya
The CBI has arrested a General Manager of Punjab National Bank (PNB) in connection with the Rs 11,344.40 crore fraud
There has been a steep rise in number of local youths joining militancy in Kashmir in last three years with
Ten days after communal violence rocked the Kasganj town, claiming one life and leaving several others injured, the Uttar Pradesh
Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari today said his ministry has requested Bollywood star Akshay Kumar to be the brand ambassador for
Six wagons and the locomotive of a goods train today derailed on the Kirandul-Visakhapatnam railway section in Chhattisgarh's Dantewada district
Joining fellow disgruntled BJP leader Yashwant Sinha in a protest over farmers' issues, MP Shatrughan Sinha today questioned viability of
A day after BJP MLA in Rajasthan was declared positive for the deadly H1N1 virus while sitting in the Rajasthan
The CPM on Wednesday asked its units to organise nation-wide protests to pressurise the government to set up a Joint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today voiced concern over attempts to radicalise the cyberspace by jihadists and asked governments to guard
At least 150 Letters of Understanding were issued in favour of Nirav Modi to enable fraudulent withdrawal of money and
The severed head of an infant found on the terrace of a house after lunar eclipse, at Chilkanagar area of
Days after 10 Indian soldiers were killed in two separate strikes from the Pakistan Army and Pak-backed terrorists, the Indian
Ahead of Valentine's Day, a record 5.2 million rose stems were exported from the Kempegowda International Airport (KIA) here to
"Iran is ready to share its oil, gas and energy resources with India," said Iran President Dr Hassan Rouhani. 
The mortal remains of dalit activist Bhanubhai Vankar, who had died after committing self-immolation in Patan district of North Gujarat
Chief Public Information Officer Meenakshi Sahay, however, acknowledged the receipt of the complaint at the university against Prof. Gurmeet Singh,
Fiscal discipline has taken a backseat in the latest annual Indian budget which contains many tinges of populism, noted Indian
Congress chief Rahul Gandhi today called upon all political parties to unite on the issue of grant of special status
Three Army jawans were injured in intermittent firing and shelling by Pakistani troops along the Line of Control (LoC) in
Sending out a strong message, IBBI Chairperson M S Sahoo today said insolvency resolution professionals should not look for "ready-made
India on Monday asked its citizens to avoid all non-essential travel to Maldives, which has declared a state of Emergency
The GST provision requiring transporters to carry an electronic way bill or e-way bill when moving goods between states should
The lawyer of Gujarat IPS officer Rajkumar Pandian, whose discharge in the Sohrabuddin Shaikh alleged fake encounter case has been
If you have only 10 rupee coins and you need to buy something from hawkers or small shops, it's better
The Defence Ministry today cleared a proposal to buy 7.40 lakh assault rifles at a cost of Rs 12,280 crore
Low-cost carriers IndiGo and SpiceJet suffered a setback in Delhi High Court on Tuesday as it upheld a decision by
A day after Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti called for dialogue with Pakistan to end the bloodshed in
Democratic Senator Robert has written a letter to the US Ambassador to India to ensure that, son of the US
The officials of Customs Air Intelligence Unit have arrested seven people since January 24, 2018, in separate cases and recovered
Army's 28 Division in a statement said that the alert soldiers manning the fence in Tangdhar sector foiled the BAT
"One of our key issues today is unemployment. Another is farmer suicides," said Yeddyurappa. "I am a farmer, and these
Tamil superstar Rajinikanth today praised his contemporary and Makkal Neethi Mayyam (MNM) founder Kamal Haasan, saying the "efficient" star would
A Delhi Police team was today sent to Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal's residence in the Civil Lines area for collecting
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will accompany King of Jordan Abdullah II, when the monarch of the Hashemite kingdom will deliver
Chief ministers of BJP-ruled states and deputy chief ministers of states where the BJP is in alliance, will attend a
Amidst growing Chinese presence in the Indo-Pacific region, the Navy has introduced an "operational element" in the biennial Milan series
Two persons were killed on the spot after a jeep they were travelling was crushed between a truck and a
Filmmakers must get deeper into the Indian landscape to rescue stories disappearing in the rapid changes brought about by globalisation,
The Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike has issued closure notices to 133 rooftop bars and pubs in the city.  
Seven rafting guides at Dubare have been arrested over the death of a tourist in a clash, last week. 
The decision of the Medical Council of India (MCI) to bar students of open schools from writing the National Eligibility
Cyril Ramaphosa was today elected unopposed as South Africa's new president, hours after longtime president Jacob Zuma resigned.  
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Thursday Washington has never supplied heavy weaponry in Syria to the Kurdish People's
A Jabalpur-based Lt Col has been detained and being questioned by the army intelligence officials on the suspicion of data
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) team on Sunday reached Sunjwan Army camp in Jammu to take stock of the situation
A top education official in Uttar Pradesh's Baharaich district got a notice pasted on the bulletin board of his office
Amidst some 18 deadly encounters with alleged criminals in less than 48 hours over the weekend, Uttar Pradesh police shot
A "fake encounter" in Noida rocked the Rajya Sabha leading to a washout of the morning session on Monday with
Investigators seized diamonds and gold worth Rs 5,100 crore from Nirav Modi's premises on Thursday when it emerged that the
Slamming Karnataka BJP chief B S Yeddyurappa over his remarks that the Congress president Rahul Gandhi had consumed meat before
Fearing loss of revenue and collapse of business, pickle manufacturers from different states came together in the city recently to
The Congress on Sunday claimed "fraudsters" were linked to the "highest echelons" of the BJP-led NDA and urged the government
Congress president Rahul Gandhi today continued his attack on the government over the Rafale aircraft deal and said Prime Minister
Donald Trump Jr, Executive Vice President of the Trump Organization, is expected to visit India in late February to officially
The budget session of the Uttar Pradesh assembly was off to a stormy start on Thursday with the Opposition Samajwadi
India has reiterated that its border with China in the Sikkim Sector is not finalized and the stretch does come
An FIR has been lodged against Union Minister and BJP MP Giriraj Singh, in a land grabbing case.  
The Bombay High Court today pulled up the Maharashtra government for its insensitivity towards improving the conditions at the homes
Pakistan has banned events promoting Valentine's Day, and media coverage of any such events, for the second year in a
The Supreme Court on Friday will hear a plea by Major Aditya Kumar's father, seeking to quash an FIR against
Famous Pune-based builder D S Kulkarni and his wife Hemanti were on Saturday arrested in New Delhi in connection with
Film star Kamal Haasan, who is set to embark on his political journey, today appealed to both Tamil Nadu and
A suspected mentally affected man gave some tense moments to police and local officials here early this morning after he
"No means no" is a new battle cry for Brazilian women mobilising against assault at carnival, a raucous party whose
Asma Jahangir, Pakistan's renowned human rights icon, social activist and an outspoken critic of the country's powerful military establishment, died
India today successfully test-fired its indigenously developed nuclear capable Prithvi-II missile as part of a user trial by the Army
A few days after India's first lady detective, Rajani Pandit, was arrested by the Thane police, cops have widened their
By questioning AICC president Rahul Gandhi's visit to temples, the BJP is insulting Hindu religion, said KPCC Working President Dinesh
Telecom regulator Trai has said that it will impose financial disincentive of up to Rs 50 lakh per circle on
The government has asked the Reserve Bank of India to complete preparations for the field trial of Rs 10 notes
India is set to take over the operations of Chabahar Port in Iran, as Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the
The West Bengal CID has issued an arrest warrant against former IPS officer Bharati Ghosh for alleged misconduct and extortion
The Delhi High Court today refused to entertain a plea seeking immediate judicial intervention into the alleged assault on Delhi
The recognition of 383 unaided and aided PU colleges in Karnataka have not been renewed owing to academic shortcomings, Primary
The 14th Karnataka Legislative Assembly, which is in the final leg of its five-year term, concluded the last day of
As many as 30 operational air fields of the Air Force are finally set to have improved navigational aids by
A mob assaulted a man and injected acid in his eyes leaving him blind for allegedly eloping with his employer's
India today said it was imperative for "all organs" of the Maldivian government to abide by the country's Supreme Court
Farmers' organisations, led by Swaraj India president Yogendra Yadav, today slammed the BJP-led Union government's last full fledged budget before
A senior Uttar Pradesh IPS officer has kicked up a huge controversy after a video of him taking pledge along
Pune girl Shruti Shrikhande has emerged as the national topper among girls in the Combined Defence Services (CDS) examination. 
The police today arrested four members of a gang of dacoits, hailing from Madhya Pradesh and notorious for burgling several
Cryptocurrencies plunged on Friday, with several of the largest falling by more than 20 percent and bitcoin sliding below $8,000
Regulator Sebi has banned Swasata Cement and its eight present and former directors from securities market for at least four
The Bombay High Court today refused to grant any interim protection from arrest to Milind Ekbote, a key accused in
Vice-President M Venkaiah Naidu and Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao today offered prayers to deities Samakka and Saralamma at
'Padmaavat' makers will hold a special screening of the controversial film for a Rajasthan High Court judge on Monday, in
Electronics and Information Technology Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on Friday said that there has not been a single case of
The Delhi High Court has asked the police to run on a trial basis for two weeks a facial recognition
Veteran filmmaker Shyam Benegal would be conferred with the coveted V Shantaram Lifetime Achievement Award of the Mumbai International Film
Ayurveda doctors, nursing graduates or qualified community health workers will be deployed in 1.5 lakh health-sub-centres after a six-month specialised
Two bank officials arrested in the multi-crore scam involving Nirav Modi were initially "evasive" in their responses about the involvement
Congress' quest for opposition unity will be put to test in Parliament next week when both the Houses will begin
The CBI has filed a charge sheet against former Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda and 33 others in the
Tibetan spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama's proposed visit to Sikkim next month stands cancelled on his doctors' advice to cut
India's strategic reach in the western Indian Ocean is poised to take a leap with Seychelles allowing India to develop,
For many onlookers and passersby, it looked like a case of triple riding. In reality, however, the young boy sitting
The Gujarat government on Friday announced that it would bear all the expenses of treatment of a Dalit activist who
Seven daily wage workers died of suffocation in an underground storage tank they were cleaning at a poultry farm in
QuEST Global Services (QuEST), a global leader in providing premium engineering solutions, announced the acquisition of Mobiliya Technologies based out
Corruption continued to be the Congress president Rahul Gandhi's keynote on the third day of his Janaarshivada Yatra in the
The deputy conservator of forests, Yedukondalu, on Monday, said that ornithologists and scientists will visit Kokkarebellur Bird Sanctuary on February
The International Mother Language Day on February 21 this year will see release of Bengaluru Declaration of Linguistic Rights seeking
Italian helicopter manufacturer AgustaWestland has withdrawn from the Delhi High Court a plea against invocation by the Indian Navy to
Looking to recover over Rs 7,000 crore of investors' money, markets regulator Sebi will next month auction 11 properties of
Scripting history, flying officer Avani Chaturvedi has become the first Indian woman to fly a fighter aircraft, an IAF official
Pakistani troops on Thursday fired at Indian forward posts and border hamlets along the Line of Control (LoC) in Uri
Israeli warplanes hit Hamas targets in the Gaza Strip early on Monday after a rocket fired by Palestinians slammed into
The state Congress on Sunday expelled Bengaluru city youth Congress general secretary Mohammed Haris Nalapad from the party for six
Amid chanting of 'Jai Shriram' and pledge by the saints and BJP leaders to build a grand Ram Temple, the
The Karnataka Legislative Assembly and the Council are moving towards eliminating use of paper at all levels.   
The BJP is on an overdrive ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Bengaluru on Sunday, leaving no stone
The Supreme Court on Friday refused to widen the scope of its hearing on a plea for independent probe into
Three soldiers were killed and another injured after an avalanche hit an army post near the Line of Control (LoC)
The government has decided to set up three museums dedicated to the legendary freedom fighter Subhash Chandra Bose and his
The government Tuesday gave details of a Budget proposal to merge all small savings schemes such as PPF, Sukanya Samridhhi
Persistent rise in bond yields is likely to shave Rs 30,500 crore from the banks' balance-sheets in the current financial
India is all set to host an international Theatre Olympics for the first time, from February 17.   
"You are precious, realise the value within you and stand for the pride of the institution," was Dr Srinivas V
In a fortnight from now, the GST Council will hold its next meeting but there will be no discussion on
Mounting pressure on the central and state governments for granting Special Category Status (SCS) to Andhra Pradesh, YSR Congress Party
Congress President Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday hit out at the PDP and BJP for continuing with their "opportunistic alliance" in
India will continue to highlight lack of adequate measures in Pakistan to curb flow of funds to terrorists, although US
The Supreme Court on Wednesday directed no criminal action can be initiated against actor Priya Prakash Varrier in connection with
The Bombay High Court has refused to grant relief to a 16-year-old autistic boy whose parents had approached it seeking
The Andhra Pradesh state government is considering to provide hyperlink transportation facility between Vijayawada and Amaravati. Once completed the Hyperloop
The Thane Police's Crime Branch would be questioning some film personalities in connection with the Call Detail Record (CDR) racket
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today lashed out at the Congress saying that one family had ruled the country for over
"We want to benchmark ourselves against the top nations in the world and have drawn specific action plans to improve
Chief Minister Nitish Kumar, who is on a four-day visit to Japan, has sought the assistance of Prime Minister Shinzo
Accusing Karnataka's Siddaramaiah government of being the "most corrupt" in the country and pursuing "appeasement politics", BJP president Amit Shah
Smoking by villagers near grass, which is used as fodder, may have led to the accidental fire at the Bellandur
Congress president Rahul Gandhi today again targeted Finance Minister Arun Jaitley over the Rafale aircraft deal, twisting his name to
The JD(S) is all set to forge an alliance with the Sharad Pawar-led Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) ahead of the
The Centre has appointed Additional Solicitor General Tushar Mehta as special public prosecutor for 2G spectrum and other related cases.
Congress president Rahul Gandhi on Saturday took a jibe at Narendra Modi-led Union government on demonetisation and Goods and Service
The defence ministry has requested the finance ministry to remove the cap of Rs 10,000 per month on the educational
BJP Karnataka unit chief B S Yeddyurappa today hit back at Congress President Rahul Gandhi for his rear view mirror
Lakhs of devotees from all over the country and abroad are expected to gather at Shravanabelagola, the Jain pilgrimage centre,
The BBMP is reconsidering its controversial plan to make kitchen pulverisers (food waste crushers) mandatory in every household.  
Namma Metro, the inexorable part of the city landscape in recent times, is turning into an eyesore, thanks to advertisement
Jet Airways on Friday announced a second daily flight from Bengaluru to Singapore, given the growing passenger traffic on the
The Cubbon Park police arrested a stenographer with a private hospital in Central Bengaluru for stealing gold ornaments from her
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will interact with top CEOs at the sidelines of the Magnetic Maharashtra Convergence 2018 Global Investors
China is "coercing" its neighbours to reorder the Indo-Pacific region to its advantage, the Pentagon has told Congress amid Beijing
Pakistan has quietly amended its anti-terror laws to ban those listed as terrorists by the United Nations, a move which
Visiting Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau along with his family on Wednesday tried their hand at making Chapatis in the
A 13-year-old Class VII student of an elite Gurgaon school threatened to rape one of his teachers and her minor
Opposition parties on Wednesday were not on the same page over the constitution of a Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC) probe
Lord Bahubali's tenets of sacrifice and non-violence are beacons for the world said President of India Ram Nath Kovind. 
CPM Kerala secretary Kodiyeri Balakrishnan's elder son who is facing allegations of financial fraud in the UAE is now facing
The government has set March 31 as the deadline for states to set up cyber forensic training labs for which
Describing the BJP as "dyed in the colour of patriotism", Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday said the party believes
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday met with industry leaders of the Gulf and West Asia region at the India-Oman
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath today said the state government is preparing a plan to open cowsheds to tackle
Pakistan today rejected allegations that it was involved in the terror attack on Sunjwan Army camp, saying Indian media and
Students and teachers returned to a Florida school for the first time since 17 people were killed there, consoling each
Political killings have returned to Kannur, for the second time in less than a month, with a 30-year-old Youth Congress
The Centre on Tuesday approved the purchase of weapons worth about Rs 15,931 crore for the armed forces to help
Congress president Rahul Gandhi, who has been mounting an attack on the BJP over unemployment, candidly admitted on Tuesday that
The JD(S) is gearing up for a massive rally on the outskirts of Bengaluru on February 17, where it will
Jain Mutt seer Charukeerthi Bhattaraka Swami on Tuesday, said a huge procession is being organised atop the Vindhyagiri on February
The Army has repulsed an attack by the Border Action Team (BAT), a mix of Pakistani regulars and militants, near
A 43-year-old driver of a luxury car was arrested for allegedly pleasuring himself in front of a TV actress near
The Trump administration has come out in strong support of the Israeli action against Iranian targets in Syria, saying the
FourKites, the fastest-growing predictive supply chain platform, on Thursday announced $35 million in Series B funding to further its geographic
The United States has asked Pakistan to expel terrorists, especially the Taliban leaders, operating from terror safe havens within its
The number of women and girls now known to have been abused by Larry Nassar has risen to 265, a
Pakistan Army today shelled forward posts and civilian areas along the Line of Control (LoC) in Poonch and Rajouri districts
Three of the five Punjab National Bank officials arrested in the Rs 11,344.40 crore banking fraud involving billionaire diamond merchant
A senior Uttar Pradesh IPS officer, who was reportedly a BJP member during his leave of absence, was made the
Targeting young Indians, TVS Motor Company on Monday launched its first 125cc scooter TVS NTORQ 125. It has been developed
Under Home for the Urban Migrants (HUM) project of Selco Foundation, two houses were handed over to migrant labourers at
Two priests at a temple in Mayiladuthurai in the district have been suspended for decorating the main deity of the
The only surviving suspect in the 2015 Paris attacks, Salah Abdeslam, refused to answer questions on Monday as he went
Governor Vajubhai Vala on Monday said that his government had taken effective steps to maintain law and order and dealt
Global bond credit rating agency, Moody's, has said that India's new roadmap for fiscal consolidation is shallower than the previous
The CBI has shared with the Income Tax department records relating to properties and cash seizures that are allegedly linked
Jashodaben had a narrow escape. She and other relatives were rushed to the government district hospital in Chittorgarh. One of
China today warned against any military intervention in the Maldives, saying such a move would further complicate the situation, amid
Town Station police arrested on Tuesday, Pradeep, a lecturer and resident of Perasandra, in connection with the filming and uploading
Telecom Minister Manoj Sinha on Wednesday said the Centre is planning to hold the largest ever spectrum auction of 3,000
The Supreme Court on Wednesday granted protection from arrest to Milind Ramakant Ekbote, the prime accused in the January 1
Clad in a white shirt and black trousers, Mohammed Haris Nalapad walked into the courtroom of the 8th additional chief
Special Public Prosecutor M S Shyamsundar was the choice of pub brawl victim L Vidwath's father J Loganathan.  
Yet another city lake could be losing its identity. This time, the culprit is Namma Metro. Shockingly, the authorities concerned
Even years after implementing the Employment of Manual Scavengers and Construction of Dry Latrines (Prohibition) Act, 1993, the government does
It is now clear that a grand-strategic, multi-contestant, maritime 'Great Game' is being played out in the Indian Ocean region.
More than 40 languages or dialects in India are considered to be endangered and is believed to be heading towards
India is weighing its options for engagement with Pakistan, although no substantial progress in bilateral relations are expected as the
Bollywood on Monday continued to wait for the arrival of the body of actor Sridevi as there was an unexpected
Punjab Chief Minister Amarinder Singh on Monday flayed attempts to politicise the Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) case terming it
MP C S Puttaraju on Saturday condemned Superstar Rajinikanth's remarks on the Supreme Court'd verdict on Cauvery river dispute. 
Pakistani Army continued to target Indian posts and border hamlets along the Line of Control (LoC) in Haji Pir sector
A four month-old baby with congenital heart disease, breathed his last on the Yashwantpur - Puri Garib Rath train late
A ruling BJP lawmaker and 27 other people have been booked under various charges, including rioting and criminal conspiracy, following
Police in Madhya Pradesh have registered a case against a BJP leader, who enjoyed the status of minister of state
Geo-economic goals constitute the major component of a country's geopolitics. China's contemporary maritime game -- moves in the Indo-Pacific in
South Korean automobile giant Kia Motors Corporation on Thursday stated its commitment to invest around $2 billion (Rs 13,000 crore)
Inequality in India is on the rise for the last three decades, so much so that the total wealth of
In the backdrop of a dramatic escape of the Lashkar-e-Toiba (LeT) commander Naveed Jatt alias Abu Hanzalla last week, J&K
Union minister Maneka Gandhi seems to have taken a cue from BJP leaders in Uttar Pradesh and joined them in
The cyber crime police on Saturday questioned Ram Gopal Varma in connection with a complaint against him for making derogatory
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday said his visit to Oman and talks with the oil-rich Gulf nation's top leadership
Director: Ryan Coogler  Starring: Chadwick Boseman, Michael B Jordan, Forest Whittaker, Lupita Nyong'o, Andy Serkis, Martin Freeman  Rating:
As many as 40 people, including children, who had been treated by a quack, tested positive for HIV infection in
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said the Centre is taking up the Ayushman Bharat Yojana on a mission mode to
Karti Chidambaram, son of senior Congress leader P Chidambaram, on Thursday appeared before the ED for the second time in
An expelled former student armed with a powerful assault rifle unleashed a hail of gunfire in a Florida high school,
Iran President Hassan Rouhani arrived here on a three-day visit on Thursday.  Union Minister of State for Power R
Speaking out for the first time since Sridevi's untimely death in Dubai, her family on Tuesday night thanked the film
A special CBI court on Wednesday discharged former DGP of Gujarat P P Pandey in the 2004 Ishrat Jahan encounter
A Mi-17 Pakistani helicopter on Wednesday flew close to India's disputed border with the neighbouring countries, raising concerns in the
Ahmedabad Sessions Court on Wednesday rejected a plea by Patel quota stir leader Hardik Patel to discharge him in a
India is likely to raise with the Trump administration the use of US-made anti-tank guided missiles (ATGMs) by Pakistan Army
The Enforcement Directorate (ED) has summoned billionaire diamond merchant Nirav Modi and his uncle Mehul Choksi in connection with its
There were nearly 100 incidents of illegal entry at Indira Gandhi International Airport in 2017, the government informed Parliament today.
The Kerala High Court on Tuesday stayed a lower court's order that had restrained media from reporting on a case
At least six influential US lawmakers have supported the move of a group of highly-skilled Indians to remove the per-country
Rajiv Gandhi and Benazir Bhutto were ready to resolve the Kashmir issue amicably but the Indian leader was assassinated during
The 8th edition of The Theatre Olympics, being hosted in India for the first time, will soon come to Bengaluru.
Concerned over the attacks on journalists and police failing to catch culprits, a Trinamool Congress MP will move a private
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani will be seeking billions of dollars of Indian investment during a visit to New Delhi, diplomats
The family members of slain CRPF jawan Mujahid Khan have refused to accept the compensation of a nominal amount of
A simple checklist, if followed meticulously by cardiologists, can significantly improve the outcome of heart attack treatment in India, a
A woman was killed after Pakistani troops pounded border outposts (BoPs) and civilian areas along the Line of Control (LoC)
In a major reprieve to Bollywood actor Sanjay Dutt, the Bombay High Court on Thursday dismissed a PIL challenging his
The government on Thursday announced extending fixed-term contract jobs to all sectors in the union budget only to attract strong
The Congress will not have any sort of understanding with the Asaduddin Owaisi-led All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (AIMIM) for the
Close on the heels of Israeli President Benjamin Netanyahu's visit to India, a magazine, supported by the Jewish community in
Army chief Gen Bipin Rawat has waded into yet another controversy by commenting that the rise of All India United
Lookalikes of Donald Trump and Kim Jong Un who caused a stir at the Pyeongchang Olympics opening ceremony have thanked
Security forces have arrested two Pakistan-trained Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) militants in north Kashmir's Baramulla district, police said today.   
A student who recently completed his graduate studies from he Atlantis University of Florida, USA, was found dead under suspicious
An encounter broke out today between militants and security forces in Pattan area of north Kashmir's Baramulla district, police said.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani today lauded India's cultural diversity, saying multiple faiths and schools of thought co-exist peacefully in the
Canada will reaffirm its support to the unity of India when Prime Minister Narendra Modi will host his counterpart from
The Army today clearly indicated it would take retaliatory action against the killing of four army men in heavy shelling
Analysing Indian regulatory records, they found that out of 118 fixed dose combinations (FDC) being sold in India, 64% were
The Kerala government is thinking to formulate a new law to protect people who lend a helping hand to road
Students appearing for the ICSE and ISC examinations will not be allowed to wear smart and digital watches to exam
An increasing number of deaths of Spot Billed Pelicans and Painted Storks at Kokkarebellur has raised alarm bells among local
Foreseeing early elections, Sonia Gandhi on Thursday made a strong pitch for an alliance of "like-minded" political parties to ensure
In a shocking incident, the daughter and mother of a Nagpur-based journalist was found brutally murdered on Sunday.  
After Shimoga District Co-operative Bank's gold loan scam, now South Canara District Central Co-operative Bank is in the thick of
The inauguration of the Church Street has been advanced to March 1. Earlier, the BBMP had planned to open it
The DMK on Tuesday flayed the ruling BJP at the Centre on the Cauvery issue, saying it should not handle
"It is not Siddaramaiah government, but 'seedha rupaiyya' that drives the administration in the state. Everything seems to be happening
The three major political parties - the Congress, the BJP and the JD(S) - will have to rejig their campaign
Over 3,000 students from across the city visited a two-day exhibition on neurosciences at the National Institute of Mental Health
The corporators and MLAs tried to gain political mileage from the issue of the stench emanating from the KCDC's waste
Chief Minister Siddaramaiah announced a number of new schemes, including "Raitha Belaku," and dolled out sops to the farming community
The Delhi High Court has rejected the plea of a Delhi-based hospitality firm linked to Robert Vadra challenging an Income
India said that it has not imposed any restrictions on pilgrims travelling to Pakistan amid heightened tensions between the two
Thirteen Russian nationals and three Russian companies have been indicted for interfering in the 2016 US presidential election through social
The decomposed body of a woman customer care operator was found stuffed in a trolley bag at an apartment of
Farmers' leader and MLA K S Puttannaiah, who passed away on Sunday, was laid to rest with state honours at
Actor Shiva Rajkumar paid a visit to Vidwath, who is receiving treatment at Mallya Hospital, on Thursday.   
Grass over hundred acres of land across Nandi Hills was completely destroyed in a fire mishap on Thursday.  
India's Punjab National Bank (PNB), which is at the centre of a probe into a $1.77 billion loan fraud scam,
As the operation to flush out JeM terrorists who stormed an Army camp here entered the second day, local residents
A transgender activist, who has become a member of the judicial panel at a National Lok Adalat conducted here, says
Without even a single MPhil and PhD seat allocated to the JNU's Kannada Studies Chair since its institution in 2015,
At least five students were killed and nearly 30 others were injured when a truck in which were travelling, turned
Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) has barred students appearing for the 2018 matriculation (Class X) exam in the state from
As the Punjab National Bank-Nirav Modi scam seems to be compounding, banking employees associations have questioned the Reserve Bank of
The latest fidayeen (suicide) attack on Sunjwan Army camp was not the first of its kind in Jammu as the
The All India Muslim Personal Law Board today said there is no change in its stand on the Ayodhya issue
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who is scheduled to visit Shravanabelagola on February 19, is likely to stay overnight in Mysuru,
A 27-year-old married Muslim woman was attacked with acid at a mall in Jaipur's Jhotwara area on Wednesday, after she
Communication skills and leadership qualities help in enhancing professional competency, said KCCI president Vathika Pai.    She was
School of Social Work, Roshni Nilaya, Mangaluru, will organize 'Spandana-2018,' an international-level student social workers' conference on the theme 'From
Former prime minister and MP H D Deve Gowda has said that the first list of party candidates for the
Tourists visiting Taj Mahal will have to take a separate ticket worth Rs 200 per person for entry to the
A burglary was attempted at the State Bank of India (SBI) branch on Kunigal Road in the city on Tuesday
Let’s take the example of Abhay. A hardworking techie from Bangalore, he always wanted to take a trip to Spain
The telecom department today unveiled a strategic plan for bringing together state-owned companies and organisations in the sector for promoting
Union Minister for Minority Affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi today said the Central government sought to promote India's centuries-old medicinal practices
The Madras High Court today issued notice to the state government on a petition challenging the appointment of a Tamil
The government on Thursday unveiled an ambitious 'Nabh Nirman' (Developing Skies) programme to expand airport capacity across the country by
Substantive discussions' between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Iranian President Hassan Rouhani during the latter's visit to New Delhi have
Nepal's last King Gyanendra Bir Bikram Shah Dev has said It may not be possible for his country to supply
The BJP has stepped up its attack on the Congress by launching a campaign seeking the ouster of Shantinagar legislator
Exports from Karnataka have seen a southward trajectory during the first six months of 2017-18, according to data available with
The Pakistani army on Saturday made announcements through public address systems asking border residents in Uri area of north Kashmir's
Mehul Choksi, one of two businessmen allegedly involved in perpetrating India's biggest ever banking fraud, broke his silence at the
A group of Dalit activists in Gujarat sought an FIR against police officers, and preventive arrests of those who "threatened
Congress on Wednesday pulled out Narendra Modi's five questions posed to the then UPA regime over rising incidents of terror
The Jammu and Kashmir government today said there is no proposal under consideration to constitute a judicial commission to probe
Four AAP MLAs were booked for allegedly assaulting Leader of Opposition in Delhi Assembly Vijender Gupta, two city mayors and
The war of words between the Congress and the BJP on the law and order situation in the state was
Tenders for the Bidadi Smart City project will be called soon as the process of developing a master plan will
Former prime minister and JD(S) supremo H D Deve Gowda met President Ram Nath Kovind in the Raj Bhavan here
Online facility to speed up power connection process    Online applications will be received under the Sheeghra Samparka
The Union Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas on Tuesday took objection to the procedure adopted by the Karnataka government
The Legislative Assembly on Tuesday witnessed a heated discussion between the Congress and BJP on rowdy sheeters' list.  
A pregnant woman, who was injured in an attack by armed terrorists on the family quarters at the Sunjuwan military
China today said it is in touch with India to discuss a way to resolve the political turmoil gripping the
A Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) constable was killed, while a policeman was injured in the ongoing encounter between holed
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday promised that the BJPâ€ˆwould provide 21st century infrastructure for Karnataka even as he accused
The state Congress on Sunday hit back at Prime Minister Narendra Modi saying that he has forgotten about the corruption
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday chose not to speak anything on the contentious Mahadayi river water sharing issue, even
A Lashkar-e-Toiba (LeT) militant, believed to be from Pakistan, who was injured in a gunfight with security forces in north
Indian Ambassador to the UAE, Navdeep Suri said that the embassy is working with local authorities to ensure Sridevi's mortal
IT and networking company Cisco on Friday announced the appointment of a new President for its Asia Pacific & Japan
Andhra Pradesh is all set to host the 24th edition of Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) Partnership Summit 2018 in
Admitting that failure of linkage of SWIFT to core banking system (CBS) could have led to Rs 11,400 crore fraud
SweepSmart, a Dutch company has proposed to partner with Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) to upgrade 10 existing dry waste
The Union government is likely to pay an annual premium of less than Rs 1,200 per family for the ambitious
The Bengaluru Bandh on Sunday was called off soon after the Karnataka High Court declared it unconstitutional and illegal. 
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau today said corporate India has committed USD 1 billion worth of investments in his country,
Jailed mafia don Ateeq Ahmed has filed nomination papers from Phulpur Lok Sabha seat, for which by-poll is scheduled for
Chief Minister Siddaramaiah was on the defensive, on Tuesday, when JD(S) MLA from Chamundeshwari constituency G T Deve Gowda accused
Amid a boycott threat from the Sangh-affiliated Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh (BMS) and other trade unions, the government on Tuesday indefinitely
The Gujarat High Court today restored a gag order against news portal "The Wire", thereby debarring it from publishing any
By Lisa de Moraes  REX/Shutterstock  President Trump headlined Fox & Friends Tuesday morning after tweeting the death of
As the #MeToo and Time’s Up movement still remains at the forefront in Hollywood, How to Get Away with Murder
EXCLUSIVE: On what is the four-year mark of the death of their 27-year-old daughter Sarah Jones on a train track
Justified and Vice Principals alum Walton Goggins is set for a lead role in CBS drama pilot L.A. Confidential, based
By Lisa de Moraes  NBC  Kicking off his first full Tonight Show broadcast since NBC began broadcasting the
Donald Trump today named his 2016 campaign digital director Brad Parscale to be his re-election campaign manager.  Parscale, who
By Peter White  Sky  Closer content collaboration between NBC Universal and Sky as well as technology synergies are
Phillipa Soo (Hamilton) is set as a series regular in CBS’ drama pilot The Code. Written by Limitless creator Craig
Mark Pellington (Blindspot) is set to direct NBC drama pilot The Enemy Within, from Gotham executive producer Ken Woodruff, NBC
By Mike Fleming Jr  The Weinstein Company  New York Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman has filed his civil
By Lisa de Moraes  TBS  Full Frontal host Samantha Bee blasted the news cycle’s “latest shiny sweaty object,
By David Robb  REX/Shutterstock  DGA president Thomas Schlamme vowed tonight at the DGA Awards that the guild will
By Lisa de Moraes  NBC  President Trump today met with Guatemalan President Jimmy Morales at the Washington Hilton
By Denise Petski  ABC  ABC has slotted Thursday, March 1 for the anticipated TGIT Crossover. The three-hour event
A messaging app that has drawn comparisons to Facebook’s WhatsApp has already raised $850 million in advance of its initial
By Matt Grobar  Fox Searchlight  Now a four-time Oscar nominee with the spectacular success of his fantastical creature
By Nellie Andreeva  photo: Sally Flegg  In her American television debut, young Australian actress Harriet Dyer (Love Child)
By Dawn C. Chmielewski  NRATV/REX/Shutterstock  Alyssa Milano is among a group of Hollywood activists calling on Amazon to
BBC/AMC drama McMafia is set to air in China after BBC Worldwide sold the James Norton-fronted story of greed, corruption
By Greg Evans  Netflix  Sometimes you fight the current, other times you go with the flow, or words
“Of course, I was overjoyed. The first thing I did is I called my mom, because my mother actually was
CBS and Sony Pictures Television are facing a $30 million breach-of-contract lawsuit for allegedly failing to pay agreed-upon profits from
After being soundly slammed by both Meryl Streep and Jennifer Lawrence for citing the actors in an attempt to get
EXCLUSIVE: Gunpowder & Sky has just picked up Koki Shigeno’s feature documentary Ramen Heads which explores the popular Japanese noodle
In recent years, the majority of hot titles premiering at the Sundance Film Festival either find distribution deals in Park
By Greg Evans  Rex/Shutterstock  Lena Waithe, Aziz Ansari’s Master of None co-star and Emmy-winning co-writer, suggested in a
By Lisa de Moraes  Associated Press  President Donald Trump got up very early Thursday to plug his National
By Pete Hammond  Universal  Last call for this year’s 90th Annual Academy Awards. Ballots from the 7,258 Oscar
Toby Kebbell (The Female Brain) has landed the lead in ABC drama pilot Salvage from writer-producer Don Todd and ABC
Director Idrissa Ouedraogo of Burkina Faso, a giant of African cinema, died Sunday. He was 64, according to his country’s
Sue Barton, who helmed the rollout of more than 50 studio films, including Academy Award winners Gandhi and Tootsie, has
EXCLUSIVE: Oscar nominee Michael Keaton is in negotiations to star in real-life inspirational drama, What Is Life Worth. David Frankel
Anthony Scaramucci, the former White House communication director whose hot head and foul mouth got him ousted from the Trump
EXCLUSIVE, UPDATED with Jill Soloway statement: More than three months after first being accused of sexual harassment on the set
CBS is wrapping its drama pilot orders with nods to Red Line, a racially-charged one-hour executive produced by Ava DuVernay
By Nellie Andreeva  Rex/Shutterstock  CAA has signed Martha Raddatz, ABC News’ chief global affairs correspondent and co-anchor of
Former Veep Joe Biden blasted President Donald Trump over the fond farewell POTUS gave to his ousted White House Staff
EXCLUSIVE: Momentum Pictures announced today that they have acquired the domestic distribution rights to the Maven Pictures horror Boarding School
Veep and Bridget Jones’ star Sally Phillips has warned that British television is still sexist and there are fewer opportunities
John Oliver kicked off Last Week Tonight celebrating his legal victory over coal king Robert Murray.  Quick update regarding
The Weinstein Co.’s board directors issued a statement saying it has no choice but to file for bankruptcy after talks
EXCLUSIVE: The Disney streaming service is beginning to crystallize, and Deadline can provide some details of the initial slate. The
“Congrats on your release – maybe now I can get my wife back.” And with that we meet Outside In‘s
Already being investigated or sued in a number of jurisdictions over allegations of sexual harassment or sexual assault, Harvey Weinstein
Oscar’s five nominated directors in the Best Foreign Language Film race this year include one returnee to the category and
YouTube has again suspended advertising on Logan Paul’s channel following another controversial video, in which he repeatedly shoots a dead
By Lisa de Moraes  AP  TV network news operations covering Trumpocalypse non-stop took a break Monday morning to
Teaming with Denis Villeneuve on Blade Runner 2049—a well-received sequel to Ridley Scott’s 1982 sci-fi classic—cinematographer Roger Deakins took on
For a documentary that has won numerous awards and enters the Oscar homestretch a strong contender, Faces Places began modestly
Contrary to what people may think, Twitter isn’t just for trolling, hashtags, and rants at 3 AM from the White
A sales executive at Pop Media has filed a sexual harassment and gender bias lawsuit against that company, her then-boss
The ramifications – at the FBI, on polls, in Moscow – of today’s release by House Republicans of the Nunes
A U.S. District Court judge in Atlanta has granted summary judgment to dismiss a case involving a former CNN employee
By Dawn C. Chmielewski  REX/Shutterstock  Los Angeles biotech billionaire Patrick Soon-Shiong is in talks to acquire the Los
The Terminator is learning Kung Fu. Arnold Schwarzenegger is joining the cast of hot Berlin title Kung Fury. The former
UPDATED with information about American Gigolo project at Showtime: The off-Broadway MCC Theater has severed ties with its longtime playwright-in-residence
EXCLUSIVE: Harvey Weinstein’s troubles continue at an alarming pace after it has emerged that Scotland Yard has received more allegations
Paddington 2 star Hugh Grant has settled his long-gestating claim of phone-hacking against Mirror Group Newspapers and has understood to
YouTube is working on policies that would punish creators who harm the community through egregious acts, as the popular video
Nearly four months after suspending Harvey Weinstein, the British Academy of Film and Television Arts has formally terminated the disgraced
Another mega TV producer is leaving a longtime studio home to head to Netflix. In what is believed to be
By Bruce Haring  REX/Shutterstock  UPDATE 12:45 PM, Feb. 14: Tamara Taylor, a spokesperson for Thirteen Reasons Why author
By Peter White  David Buchan/Variety/REX/Shutterstock  Good Will Hunting star Minnie Driver has stepped down from her role as
By Peter White  CBS All Access  Amazon is bulking up its European television services with a number of
By Peter White  REX/Shutterstock  7 Days in Entebbe director José Padilha says that his terror thriller starring Rosamund
A social media backlash has started over the glamorizing of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un’s sister, who became the
Michael Fassbender and David Sandberg are set to star in action-comedy Kung Fury, which Sandberg will direct and produce under
By Patrick Hipes  Gravitas Ventures  EXCLUSIVE: Gravitas Ventures has acquired U.S. rights to Don’t Talk To Irene, the
Music Box Films has acquired U.S. rights to The Captain, the World War II drama written and directed by Robert
By Lisa de Moraes  REX/Shutterstock  UPDATED with video: The morning after 17 high school students and teachers were
Jordan Klepper stayed in character to interview two seniors from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, FL, where a
Annie Ilonzeh (Empire) has been cast as the lead in ABC’s drama pilot Staties, from Matt Partney & Corey Evett,
By Lisa de Moraes  CNN  Angry students and parents from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida
By Lisa de Moraes  CNN  CNN launched yet another “Facts First” promo, this time reminding President Donald Trump
Prolific writer-producer Julie Plec (The Vampire Diaries, The Originals) has landed her first pilot directing gig, with the CW’s Roswell
NBCUniversal International Studios has appointed Charlotte Bloxham to the newly created role of Head of Production. Based in London, Bloxham
By Greg Evans  YouTube  John Oliver and HBO’s Last Week Tonight had a First Amendment right to call
Mickey Jones, whose bearded, grizzled face added texture to scores of shows from The Rockford Files to Justified and dozens
By Anita Busch  NBCUniversal  UPDATED, 2:45 PM: Julia Kebbel, the NBCUniversal director of promotions who went missing nearly
By Amanda N'Duka  EXCLUSIVE: The Swen Group, the company behind the upcoming live-action Anastasia re-telling, and which recently sold
The Directors Guild of America honored outstanding achievement in directing for film and television tonight at the DGA Awards. Guillermo
Imogen Poots’ drama Mobile Homes is heading to the U.S. after Dark Star Pictures acquired North American rights and set
Another U.S. deal to heat up a freezing, cold Berlin. Fresh from the success of Call Me By Your Name,
New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman turned to the press and social media this morning to describe a “pervasive pattern
President Donald Trump, who despite knowing all the best words has run out of nicknames to hurl at those who
Michael Offer (How to Get Away With Murder) has been tapped to direct and executive produce ABC police drama pilot
International commissions are coming thick and fast for the BBC’s recently unleashed production division, this time in Australia. BBC Studios
Director Quentin Tarantino has apologized to Samantha Geimer, the woman who at age 13 was drugged and raped by Roman
Designer Kenneth Cole told attendees at last night’s annual amfAR gala in New York kicking off Fashion Week that he
EXCLUSIVE: Apple is developing Little America, a half-hour anthology series from Kumail Nanjiani and Emily V. Gordon, the Oscar-nominated writers
By Denise Petski  IMDB/Rex/Shutterstock  Caitlin McGee has been cast opposite Brett Dier and Ana Villafañe in CBS’ multi-camera/hybrid
By Nancy Tartaglione  Amazon Studios  Have Dylan Farrow’s recently resurfaced allegations of sexual assault against Woody Allen soured
By Lisa de Moraes  Comedy Central  Trevor Noah took a moment to explain to The Daily Show viewers
By Denise Petski  Courtesy of Shawn Rech  Production has begun on Convicting a Murderer, described as a follow-up
By Dade Hayes  The 2018 Tribeca Film Festival will open April 18 with the world premiere of Love, Gilda,
Ingrid Ciprian-Matthews is promoted to Executive Vice President of CBS News. She continues to oversee day-to-day news operations, including supporting
By Denise Petski  A&E Network  Ozzy & Jack’s World Detour is coming back for a third go-round. A&E
UPDATE: The Los Angeles Sheriff’s Department is now calling 87-year-old Robert Wagner a “person of interest” in his wife’s death,
By Greg Evans  The Hollywood Foreign Press Association says it was “previously unaware” of information alleged in a GQ
By Greg Evans  Associated Press  The National Comedy Center has acquired the archive of ground-breaking comedian Shelley Berman,
By Matt Grobar  Michael Buckner  Seeing her latest directorial outing, First They Killed My Father, selected as the
By Patty Leon, Special To Deadline and Anita Busch  Four years and one day after the death of Sarah
Unusually for the BAFTAs, the award for Outstanding Debut by a British Writer, Director or Producer is decided behind closed
On NBC’s The Blacklist, Elizabeth Keen is an FBI profiler who teams with a former most-wanted fugitive to track down
By Dade Hayes  AP  Alec Baldwin and Michael Wolff, two New Yorkers of a similar age who have
By Lisa de Moraes  CBS  UPDATED with video: Big News in the Russia investigation: Sources at White house
UPDATED at 12 pm to include details of a lawsuit filed by coalition of attorneys general.  The FCC’s “Restoring
Brendan Fraser claims he was groped in 2003 by Philip Berk, then president of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, an
By Lisa de Moraes  ABC  On the eve of President Donald Trump’s release of the so-called “Nunes Memo,”
Tina Fey and Robert Carlock, the former Saturday Night Live co-writers who re-teamed on 30 Rock and The Unbreakable Kimmy
CNN is claiming Glenn Haab, father of 17-year-old Florida school shooting hero Colton Haab, sent “doctored” copies of a producer’s
Since accepting the NRA’s “Charlton Heston Courage Under Fire Award” at CPAC yesterday, FCC Chairman Ajit Pai has retweeted messages
After busting Donald Trump last night for live-tweeting — and badly screwing up — a Fox News report on Rep.
EXCLUSIVE: X-Men and Ready Player One star Tye Sheridan is to front crime drama The Night Clerk, written and directed
By Patrick Hipes and Anthony D'Alessandro  Associated Press  Josh Raffel, the former head of PR at Blumhouse who
By Dino-Ray Ramos and Amanda N'Duka  Ever since actor Brian Tyree Henry was introduced as rapper Paper Boi on
John Oliver returned to air on Last Week Tonight, saying it’s “incredibly exciting” to be back, though sad, because he
By Nancy Tartaglione and Peter White  Mark Mann  Kevin Smith says he has suffered and survived a “massive
Until now, Rebekah Martinez was known, where she was known, as The Bachelor contestant with short hair. Now she’s likely
By Mike Fleming Jr  REX/Shutterstock  4TH UPDATE, 1:40 PM: Philanthropist and businessman Eli Broad today pledged $1 million
Taking on The Force Awakens, followed directly by The Last Jedi, Oscar-nominated visual effects supervisors Ben Morris and Mike Mulholland
With the candor that distinguishes both her personal life and her art, Girls creator Lena Dunham has disclosed that she
The BBC is to launch a review designed to “sweep away” any barriers to women progressing at the corporation. This
By Peter White  Univision-backed cable network Fusion has ordered a social media-infused food documentary series from Lightbox, the U.S./UK
By Mike Fleming Jr  Mattel  EXCLUSIVE: Mattel and Bad Robot have teamed on The Beastlies, the first of
CBS All Access is rounding out the cast for its upcoming original drama series Strange Angel, from Ridley Scott’s Scott
UPDATE with Schiff interview video Is Donald Trump just an epaulet away from being a dictator? According to Bill Maher’s
By Dominic Patten  AP  “I don’t think the President supporting due process for any allegation is not tone
By Peter White  REX/Shutterstock  Ronan Farrow helped take down Harvey Weinstein, and now the New Yorker writer has
By Anthony D'Alessandro  New Line  After scoring a record early fall opening record of $123.4M with last year’s
By Peter White  BBC America  BBC Worldwide has continued its aggressive acquisition drive, buying a majority stake in
EXCLUSIVE: Andrea Riseborough, coming off starring in four films at last month’s Sundance Film Festival including her first producing effort
BAFTA week in London has arrived. The British Academy will hand out its Film Awards on Sunday, hosted by Joanna
By Nancy Tartaglione  SBS Distribution  Blessed Virgin, Paul Verhoeven’s follow-up to Golden Globe winner Elle, has set an
Death in Paradise and Dickensian producer Red Planet Pictures is set to adapt Joanna Cannon’s mystery drama Three Things About
EXCLUSIVE: On Feb. 20, it will be four years since Sarah Jones’ life was taken away on a train trestle
Teri Wyble (The Walking Dead, Terminator Genisys), Dane Rhodes (True Detective, The Magnificent Seven), and Hunter Burke (Claws, The Big
By Nellie Andreeva  Courtesy of ID  Michael Showalter, coming off directing the hit indie comedy The Big Sick,
The Florida school shooting Wednesday afforded a glimpse into how digital platforms, often the first source of information when catastrophic
By Mike Fleming Jr  Rex Shutterstock  EXCLUSIVE: Bob Weinstein, the co-chairman of The Weinstein Company who was named
By Bruce Haring  APA  Troy Blakely, the managing partner and head of music at Agency for the Performing
By Mike Fleming Jr  The Weinstein Company  BREAKING: The board of directors of the beleaguered The Weinstein Company
By Lisa de Moraes  Twitter  Ellen DeGeneres kicked off her two-hour 60th birthday celebration on The Ellen DeGeneres
Jóhann Jóhannsson, revered for such film scores as The Theory of Everything and Sicario, died in Berlin yesterday. As tributes
Clueless star/former Fox News commentator Stacey Dash has made it official: she’s running for Congress in California.  The actress
By Greg Evans  The Steele dossier and the Nunes memo finally meet face-to-face for a battle of writs. #YoMemoJokes
U.S. airmen with the 69th Expeditionary Bomber Squadron load smart bombs for the first time on the conventional rotary launcher
An officer with the Explosive Ordnance Disposal Bureau works at a construction site on Wednesday, Jan. 31, 2018, where a
Nikolas Cruz is just the latest U.S. mass shooter to legally obtain and own guns because of limited firearms laws,
HOT SPRINGS, Ark. — Members of a goodwill group of Arkansans who visited Ireland last year in part to honor
This image from drone video shows damaged buildings in Raqqa, Syria, Oct. 19, 2017, two days after Syrian Democratic Forces
Military in Europe returning to business as usual following brief shutdown  A sign shows an office at Kleber Kaserne
US, South Korea say joint war games will be held after Olympics ‘as planned’  SEOUL, South Korea — South
A story claiming that Fidel Castro was the father of Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is not true. The Canadian
New rules to allow NY's north country to count deployed Fort Drum soldiers in 2020 census  WATERTOWN, N.Y. (Tribune
Why school shootings are so rare in Israel, where guns are such a common sight  An Israeli flag waves
Theresa May wines, dines her Brexit 'war cabinet' in a bid to hash out a policy  Theresa May, U.K.
Former soldier pleads guilty to charge of smuggling cigarettes purchased at Fort Bragg  RALEIGH, N.C. (Tribune News Service) —
As Germans celebrate the absence of the Berlin Wall, a new piece of it is discovered  A section of
Rep. Elise Stefanik, R.-N.Y., seen here at a House Armed Services Committee hearing on Feb. 14, 2018, says "it is
Naval Air Station Jacksonville Commissary shoppers find their way around the new store on opening day, Feb. 2, 2017 in
Marine tried to stop misogyny in the military, now will take on Pentagon from outside  Then-Marine Col. Scott Jensen,
WASHINGTON — The U.S. government sent notices to nine lenders this week, warning them that they would be penalized for
He was one of the first. Now, the last: A Navajo code talker remembers Iwo Jima  Thomas Begay, right,
Tourian, left, and Kamado, right, are two of the Sanzoku restaurants in the Kuga Areaknown as the "Chicken Shack" by
An commando guards a compound during the clearance of a village in Maiwand district, Kandahar province, in February 2014. A
gallery Armor brigade brings out the big guns to mark the midway point in its Europe rotation  Staff Sgt.
TOLEDO, Ohio (Tribune News Service) — Earl W. Hoffsis, 93, a design and product development engineer who was an Army
Kent Cooper, a Washington architect for more than 50 years who played a vital role in the creation of the
Air Force has shortage of drone pilots as it faces 'war for talent'  DAYTON, Ohio (Tribune News Service) —
WARRENSBURG, Mo. — Veterans Upward Bound, a grant-funded program offered through the U.S. Department of Education, is up and running
Fort Bragg soldiers featured in next episode of National Geographic show 'Chain of Command'  Still image of 'Chain of
Noon Wednesday, Feb. 14, Philippines time: Sanba remains a weak tropical depression, continuing on a west-southwesterly course that should take
How 'Hitler's car' ended up parked on the street in Medina, Wash.  Dictators Benito Mussolini and Adolf Hitler drive
Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis listens to comments during a House Committee on Armed Services hearing on Capitol Hill in
JOINT BASE PEARL HARBOR-HICKAM, Hawaii — With the offering of a traditional Hawaiian blessing Tuesday, the latest addition to the
ATLANTA (Tribune News Service) — The records of thousands of people who were involuntarily committed for mental health treatment in
Jordana Judson heard the news that a family friend was killed in the Parkland school shooting near her childhood home.
WASHINGTON — The Trump administration is considering citing the deaths of scores of Russian mercenaries in a Feb. 7 battle
President Donald Trump walks to board Marine One from the Oval Office, as he departs from the South Lawn of
Broward Sheriff Scott Israel, left, makes a point to NRA spokesperson Dana Loesch during a CNN town hall meeting Feb.
SEOUL, South Korea — The U.S. administration’s decision to drop a prominent Washington-based academic as its choice to be the
PROVINCETOWN, Mass. (Tribune News Service) — A raw sea fog snaked inland under the pines as Amy McGuiggan picked her
An Ansel Adams photo of the Tōyō Miyatake Family at the Manzanar Relocation Center during World War II.  LOS
6th Fleet sailors take to the cold in Arctic exercise  Explosive ordnance technicians practice countermeasures for explosive devices on
The leadership triad of Naval Mobile Construction Battalion 4 was relieved of duty after the executive officer was found wandering
Commandant of the Marine Corps Gen. Robert B. Neller and guests walk alongside the Arleigh Burke-class destroyer USS Rafael Peralta
Enslaved twice as a child in Sudan, 2-time Olympian is now in US Air Force  Gour Maker, a Basic
Head of 'one of the largest' gun-smuggling rings in Arizona sentenced to prison  The leader of what a federal
Florida school cop may not have been only officer who failed to engage shooter  Scot Peterson resigned as a
SEOUL — Fred Warmbier, the father of Otto Warmbier, an American student who was jailed in North Korea and who
The guided-missile destroyers USS Sterett, foreground, and USS Dewey maneuver into formation in the Pacific Ocean during exercise Valiant Shield
WASHINGTON — The Department of Veterans Affairs would get another multibillion-dollar increase in 2019 under President Donald Trump’s new budget
Jonathan Rodriguez, a friend of Korean War veteran Raymond Bishop, said the 84-year-old Bishop was upset about a pending eviction.
Jim Downing, a World War II Navy veteran, was one of the keynote speakers at the World War II Memorial
Dale Dye directs Tom Hanks on the set of Steve Spielberg's "Saving Private Ryan." Dye, a Marine combat veteran, served
MINNEAPOLIS — Does the key to unlocking the enduring mystery of the Kennedy assassination lie abroad, in Belarus, Cuba or
Rick Gates, former deputy campaign manager for President Donald Trump, walks to his vehicle after a status conference at the
VIRGINIA BEACH, Va. — By the time Petty Officer 2nd Class Sydney Thorne arrived in Virginia Beach four months ago,
WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court made clear again Tuesday that the government has broad power to restrict and regulate firearms,
Drunk on the Chesapeake Bay, he made a false distress call. Now he's going to prison.  NORFOLK, Va. (Tribune
'Hello Girls' answered the call, served as telephone operators in France during WWI  Grace Banker, front left, and some
Starved and abandoned, a suburb of the Syrian capital is bracing for new attacks  In Eastern Ghouta, an opposition-controlled
Time marched on unapologetically in 1944 after an American pilot crashed during a dogfight over Germany and was killed in
An Italian police photo of a strip club where Italian police arrested a U.S. soldier from the Vicenza-based 173rd Brigade
A sailor from USS Gerald R. Ford loads an F/A-18F Super Hornet onto the electromagnetic aircraft launching system on July
The expansion of the U.S. bombing campaign in Afghanistan to target a little-known Chinese terrorist group is an example of
ROCHESTER, Minn. (Tribune News Service) — Back in Dr. James Donadio's day, all it took was a handshake to signify
About 200 federal workers marched by Department of Veterans Affairs headquarters in Washington on Tuesday, Feb. 13, 2018, protesting staffing
The Pentagon, with the Jefferson Memorial and U.S. Capiitol in the background, Jan. 30, 2018.  WASHINGTON — Despite questions
A KC-135 Stratotanker assigned to the 22nd Air Refueling Wing, McConnell Air Force Base, Kansas, prepares for takeoff during Red
Ventura resident Tom Hodges contemplates the flag of a World War II Japanese soldier brought home by his father, Roy
The military’s highest court overturned the dismissal of an Army major convicted of beating his toddler stepson, narrowly deciding that
Analysis What we know about shadowy Russian mercenary firm behind attack on US troops in Syria  One of the
A stolen Humvee mowed down the locked gate of the Washington Army National Guard armory in Pasco Friday night. 
Grasping for a way to describe the indescribable, stunned survivors of terror attacks have often reached for the imagery of
The rising sun silhouettes a guard tower, fence and concertina wire at Camp Delta at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba in April
Lt. Gen Todd T. Semonite, chief of engineers and commanding general of U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, speaks during a
Rep. Sam Johnson speaks in a May 6, 2005, news conference. Johnson is donating some artifacts from his time as
Life at Cox's Bazaar, Bangladesh, as seen on Sept. 17, 2017. Many of the Rohingya fleeing the violence in Myanmar
A redacted version of the Democratic response to a memo alleging that the FBI and Justice Department abused their power
Florida Gov. Rick Scott speaks during a news conference Thursday, Feb. 15, 2018, near Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in
Maj. Gen. Walter E. Piatt leads members of Fort Drum's 10th Mountain Division in a run before casing the colors,
The Grey Eagle team provides Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) support to the ground commander via the US Army Eagle Drone.
The funeral of Alaina Petty at The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Coral Springs, Fla., was held
Soldiers attend an Expert Infantryman Badge ceremony at Caserma Del Din, Vicenza, Italy, on Feb. 15, 2018. A recent survey
In this June 27, 2006 file photo, reviewed by a U.S. Department of Defense official, U.S. military guards walk within
Second Lt. Sarah Casey, an officer with the 210 Field Artillery Brigade, stands in front a converted armored personnel carrier
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (Tribune News Service) — North Carolina Gov. Roy Cooper should consider deploying the North Carolina National Guard to
Get ready for the era of hypersonic flight – at 5 times the speed of sound  An Air Force
Grenade launcher donated to Goodwill turns out to be toy  MANATEE COUNTY, Fla. (Tribune News Service) — Employees at
A servicemember who died in an apparent noncombat incident Wednesday while supporting the anti-Islamic State coalition has been identified as
6-year-old tells NASA to make Pluto a planet again: 'You need to fix this problem for me'  Four images
American servicewomen receive “below average” reproductive health coverage compared to their counterparts serving in the armed forces of many other
Ex-sailor, already in prison for rape, gets 8 extra years for child porn conviction  Sterlin Williams, shown here in
Defense Secretary James N. Mattis greets British Defense Secretary Gavin Williamson at the Pentagon on Thursday, Feb. 1, 2018. Mattis
BEIRUT — A war that began with peaceful protests against President Bashar Assad is rapidly descending into a global scramble
An airman serving at Altus Air Force Base in Altus, Okla., was killed Sunday in a bicycle accident.  The
Power back on at Yongsan after 3-hour outage, spokesman says  SEOUL, South Korea – Yongsan Garrison’s south post suffered
Getting their ‘wiggles’ out — flexible seating comes to military schools in Europe  Teacher Kelli Keedwell works with her
War-on-terror captives from two different cellblocks, separated by a fence, conduct communal evening prayers at the Camp 6 prison building
The Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System (J-STARS) from the 116th Air Control Wing, Robins Air Force Base, Ga., provides
In a Aug. 21, 2017 file photo, the damaged USS John S. McCain is docked at Changi Naval Base in
Mariner who survived 16 days at sea lucky to be alive, doctor says  The U.S. Coast Guard found Samuel
Soldiers in the Mountain Warfare Course on Fort Drum work together to pull an Ahkio sled containing an arctic tent,
The oldest Naval graveyard on the West Coast, the Mare Island Cemetery was closed in 1921, but cared for by
Jimmy Knox, 89, left, and Angelo Yerace, 92, both World War II veterans, took a Veterans Flight on Thursda in
The Capitol Dome of the Capitol Building at sunrise, Friday, Feb. 9, 2018, in Washington. After another government shutdown, congress
In a November, 2016 file photo, Pvt. Rolando Swaby, an Army Reserve Soldier in basic combat training with Company A,
The 71st Flying Training Wing graduated its 2,000th pilot since the terrorist attacks on Sept. 11, 2001, during a graduation
7 months on a Navy ship isn't easy, but returning Marines say it's 'worth it'  Marines and Sailors with
Traci, Michael (center) and their son Ethen Williamson live in a house in Springfield that the VA helped outfit to
Editor's note: World War II veteran Hershel “Woody” Williams, 94, flipped the coin at Super Bowl LII. Here's his story
General: US troops in Europe must adjust to 'changing character of war'  Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis talks to
Eight hundred quadcopter drones will soon hover over Marine Corps infantry squads, giving them new high-tech tools to survey the
WASHINGTON — The Army wants to grow its active force by 4,000 soldiers and speed up modernization programs for key
Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin, right, talks to Chasu Ardell Koker, left, a veteran recently evicted from her
The Chinese air force has made public for the first time a deployment of advanced fighter jets for a “joint
Baltimore Ravens cheerleaders Jacqueline B. and Reilly M. perform for troops at NATO's Resolute Support headquarters in Kabul on Saturday,
Members of the Kenyan Navy keep watch as part of a search and seizure drill during Cutlass Express on Tuesday
Senior Airman Aaron Roper and Airman 1st Class Darren Strange, both with the 49th Aircraft Maintenance Squadron, perform diagnostics on
US soldier died after he was hit by a freight train, German police say  U.S. Army 1st Sgt. Nicholas
Xi Jinping, China's president, speaks during the opening of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China at
No one was injured after the engine of an Air Force F-16 caught fire shortly after takeoff Tuesday morning over
Nursing home workers charged after a WWII vet was left alone to die  The family of 89-year-old James Dempsey
Sen. Reed: US may be losing information war in fight against terror  PROVIDENCE, R.I. (Tribune News Service) — Rhode
State elections officials said Saturday that they want more information from federal officials to ensure they are protected from cybersecurity
WASHINGTON — The Pentagon is seeking a 10 percent hike in funding, asking Congress for $686.1 billion next year to
A former U.S. Forest Service ranger was ordered this week to pay a disabled Afghanistan war veteran and another man
Capt. George Doyon speaks to sailors aboard the USS Green Bay, June 21, 2017. Doyon has been relieved of his
An Army band played patriotic music on the front lawn of the National Infantry Museum and Soldier Center Saturday while
Alfred Montoya, Jr., the new director of the Manchester VA Medical Center in New Hampshire.  MANCHESTER, N.H. (Tribune News
KABUL — The streets are clogged with yellow taxis again. Peddlers are back pushing carts of shampoo and socks, sidewalk
Report: US must modernize nuke force to retain it as an effective deterrent  WASHINGTON – China and Russia have
Members of the Maryland National Guard's Special Operations Detachment are seen in Afghanistan.  When Maryland National Guard Chief Warrant
Hungry servicemembers looking for a tasty but healthy meal should check out a new Vietnamese restaurant near the Womble Gate
WASHINGTON — Secretary of State Rex Tillerson leaves Thursday on his first multi-nation trip to Latin America, a weeklong effort
Coast Guard Seaman Meredith Sieller is the first woman to successfully complete the Aviation Survival Technician conditional guarantee program for
A sailor mans the rails as the USS Ronald Reagan arrives at Yokosuka Naval Base, Japan, Dec. 4, 2017. 
Men and women crowd the gates of Emergency hospital in Kabul, Afghanistan, on Saturday, Jan. 27, 2018, seeking news of
Ashanti Billie’s parents, who are Army veterans, previously questioned why federal investigators were not more involved in the investigation when
Special ops troops in Europe to get new boss  U.S. Air Force Brig. Gen. Kirk W. Smith has been
Army Spc. Murray Lee Veron seen in Vietnam before he was killed in action on Jan. 31, 1968, while defending
PORTLAND, Oregon (Tribune News Service) — The Hillsboro company formerly known as SureID has agreed to pay $350,000 to settle
WICHITA, Kansas (Tribune News Service) — A homecoming pep rally at South High School on Friday turned into a surprise
Former Army combat medic Dennis Magnasco, center right, is shown in Afghanistan with other soldiers. Magnasco, who now works in
CAMP FOSTER, Okinawa — The commander of one of Okinawa’s two MV-22 Osprey squadrons has been fired nearly six months
Army to pay $4M to families of victims killed by soldiers who wanted to start race war  The Army
A T-6A Texan II lands at Columbus Air Force Base, Miss., Oct. 26, 2017. The training aircraft was grounded recently
Sircaria Coleman was an Army private when she left the 2nd Brigade, 4th Infantry Division at Fort Carson, Colo., in
WINTER HAVEN, Fla. (Tribune News Service) — Ninety-six might be a bit old to start over, but that's what one
CAMP FOSTER, Okinawa —An Imperial Japanese Navy vessel that took part in the attack on Pearl Harbor has been found
Booking photo of Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens, on Thursday, Feb. 22, 2018. In a historic decision, the Missouri House formally
VA Secretary David Shulkin testifies at a House Veterans' Affairs Committee hearing on veteran caregivers, Feb. 6, 2018 on Capitol
Deputy Secretary of State John Sullivan, right, and Assistant Secretary of Defense for Asian and Pacific Security Affairs Randall Schriver
Sen. Tim Kaine chats outside the Russell Senate building on Capitol Hill in Washington, D.C. on May 17, 2017. 
The Navy could begin deploying a self-piloting sea drone by the end of the year to hunt for submarines at
A demonstrator holds a placard during a rally protesting the United States' unilateral arms embargo on the country, in the
A U.S. servicemember drinks cobra blood during recent jungle survival training, which is part of Cobra Gold 2018 at Camp
A ship carrying Chinese military personnel departs a port in Zhanjiang, south China's Guangdong province, on Tuesday, July 11, 2017.
KINGSBURG, Calif. (Tribune News Service) — Robert Yano had just turned 18 and registered for the draft when he was
A 16-year-old girl was selling cake balls for a fundraiser at her high school when an Army recruiter stopped by.
A transgender recruit has signed a contract for the first time since federal courts ruled that transgender people must be
Registered behavior technician Annalise Dzyak works with then 5-year old Evan on his life and coping skills two years ago.
GUANTANAMO BAY NAVY BASE, Cuba (Tribune News Service) — The judge in the trial of the man accused of planning
Former DLA employee sentenced to jail for theft of military equipment  Mikel Parish, a former distribution process worker for
LAS CRUCES (Tribune News Service) — New Mexico is losing out on millions of dollars a year in potential revenue
Senate candidate Chelsea Manning at her home in Rockville, Maryland. As an Army private, Manning was convicted of passing government
TOKYO, Japan — A sailor assigned to Yokosuka Naval Base was arrested Sunday on suspicion of causing bodily injury after
WASHINGTON — A panel of Army leaders testified Wednesday before a Senate committee that a massive undertaking to modernize the
ICE looks to private sector to help hire nearly 6,600 workers to support 10,000 new agents  (TRIBUNE NEWS AGENCY)
NEW YORK — Following emotional testimony from relatives and comrades of his victims, a senior al-Qaida member was sentenced Friday
WASHINGTON – After two days of turmoil within the Department of Veterans Affairs, the VA chief of staff has resigned,
WASHINGTON – Following the departure of Department of Veterans Affairs Chief of Staff Vivieca Wright Simpson, the VA announced Friday
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump said Friday that his administration will pursue one of the most aggressive sanction efforts against
Putin ally said to be in touch with Kremlin, Assad before his mercenaries attacked US troops  A Russian oligarch
Trump got at least 1 thing right about Haiti, the country's president says  SANTO DOMINGO, Dominican Republic (Tribune News
Lt. Col. Kenneth Dwyer lost his left eye and hand after he was hit by a rocket-propelled grenade during his
The Department of Veterans Affairs is studying how service dogs might be able to help veterans with post-traumatic stress disorder.
WASHINGTON (Tribune News Service) — A year ago, President Donald Trump told Australia's prime minister that he didn't want his
A European Union official's threat this month that Europe would block any attempt by the United States to reimpose sanctions
WASHINGTON — Top Democrats are calling on Congress to give the FBI $300 million to fight potential foreign interference in
HONOLULU (Tribune News Service) — Hawaii residents shouldn't expect the state to resume ballistic missile alert testing anytime soon, but
Secretary of the Air Force Heather Wilson meets Airmen from the 607th Weather Squadron Detachment 1 during a visit to
CAMP FOSTER, Okinawa — The movement to halt the relocation of Marine air operations within Okinawa prefecture suffered a major
Second Cavalry Regiment troops conduct joint land operations with Polish soldiers during Saber Junction 17 at the Hohenfels Training Area,
Pictured here on Monday, Jan. 29, 2018, is the Craig Joint Theater Hospital ambulance bay, known as "Warrior's Way," where
Oshkosh Corp. has won a $476 million contract to build the FMTV A2 for the U.S. Army.  MILWAUKEE (Tribune
FAYETTEVILLE, N.C. (Tribune News Service) — A change in rules ahead of the 2020 census could prove a boon for
Tawergha, photographed on Sept. 12, 2011, used to be a city filled with black non-Arab Libyans. Rebel forces emptied the
Noon meal formation on Nov. 16, 2017 at the U.S. Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs, Colorado.  COLORADO SPRINGS,
The National Park Service and nonprofit Pacific Historic Parks held a birthday party for Pearl Harbor survivor Al Rodrigues on
Sen. John McCain's return to Washington during key legislative deliberations has been curbed in part by concerns over the deadly
A Marine Corps CH-53 Super Stallion flies off the coast of Okinawa, Japan, July 31, 2017. The Japanese government is
Servicemembers sculpted a replica of the Navy’s iconic “Lone Sailor” statue out of snow for this year’s Sapporo Snow Festival
<element>  ABINGDON, Va. — A retired military dog has been buried with full military honors.  The Bristol Herald
Capt. Justin M. Alexander, right, a combat advisor team leader for 1st Battalion, 1st Security Force Assistance Brigade, walks with
In a March, 2017 file photo, Gen. Joseph L. Votel, commander of U.S. Central Command, listens to opening statements during
Guinea pigs need home after turning up at funeral for soldier who died saving people in fire  An Honor
WINTER HAVEN, Fla. — The community has rallied to help out a World War II veteran on the verge of
Coast Guard looking for man suspected of making 8 false maydays in California  The U.S. Coast Guard has spent
NATCHEZ, Miss. (Tribune News Service) -- Soldiers from the 155th Armored Brigade in Natchez are being deployed for one year
It's proved hard for social media companies to completely uproot trolls apparently working on behalf of the Russian government. After
The Navy has conducted special operations training in the Pacific Northwest for at least 30 years, but it's rare for
American Airlines has settled a 2016 lawsuit filed by an Army veteran who complained that the company had mistreated her
Man claimed to be an Army general to land a chopper at NC software company, grand jury charges  A
Retired Marine Maj. Fred Galvin speaks during a briefing on Capitol Hill at the House Cannon building on Thursday, Feb.
By Corey Dickstein  Stars and Stripes  WASHINGTON – An American drone attack Saturday in eastern Syria destroyed a
Cmdr. Bryce Benson, left, who commanded the USS Fitzgerald, and Cmdr. Alfredo Sanchez, former skipper of the USS John S.
WASHINGTON — Sen. Bob Corker, R-Tenn., has decided not to run for reelection, ending a period of seriously considering getting
Doctor who gives away what he makes is honored by Mattis with DOD medal  KENNEWICK, Wash. (Tribune News Service)
A grand jury today cleared a Veterans Affairs police officer of wrongdoing in the Jan. 25 wounding of a knife-wielding
ISTANBUL — On a celebrity gossip show here, the hosts recently projected the Instagram profiles of Turkish actors and pop
ANALYSIS With McCain's retreat, some look to Romney to carry traditional GOP torch  Mitt Romney concedes to President Barack
The war court headquarters at Camp Justice, as seen through a broken window at an obsolete air hangar at the
A C-2A Greyhound prepares to land on the flight deck of the aircraft carrier USS Ronald Reagan off Korean Peninsula,
Sen. John McCain’s daughter furious at Trump for once again attacking her cancer-stricken father  Meghan McCain and Senator John
Tradition of touching Juliet statue's breast for luck now cause for rebuke  The bronze statue of Shakespeare's Juliet is
A ruling in the case of an Air Force officer, who in 2015 was accused of assaulting a woman in
A man who claims that the Earth is flat tried to leave it in a homemade rocket Saturday, but failed
MIAMI (Tribune News Service) — The Miami branch of the non-profit Florida Veterans Foundation was supposed to distribute 27,000 blankets
Shooting death of Army Ranger at Camp Rilea prompts investigation  Soldiers train at Camp Rilea in Oregon in October
Iraq War vet helping others: 'Best thing I do with veterans is to share my story'  LUBBOCK, Texas (Tribune
YOKOSUKA NAVAL BASE, Japan — The Navy is investigating an alleged illegal drug ring involving at least a dozen sailors
A Standard Missile-3 (SM-3) Block IIA is used in a flight test off the west coast of Hawaii in February
A video screen grab shows University of Virginia student Otto Warmbier speaking in Pyongyang, North Korea. The University of Virginia
"On Body and Soul," nominated for an Academy Award for foreign-language film, is the tale of two lovers who meet
WASHINGTON — Lawmakers on both sides of a bitter partisan debate on Capitol Hill haven’t ruled out a temporary funding
It’s tough enough for any couple working on a budget to agree on what to spend, but it’s even tougher
A Clinton-Obama sex tape using body doubles. A Facebook page promoting Texas independence riddled with grammatical mistakes. Islamic State anthems
About 500 Peninsula kids were taken to Cinema Cafe in Hampton to see the Marvel film “Black Panther” on Sunday.
Arrest and booking photos are provided by law enforcement officials. Arrest does not imply guilt, and criminal charges are merely
A federal judge dismissed all charges against Sen. Robert Menendez Wednesday, following a request from prosecutors - a legal surrender
Raul Castro seemed rattled.  The Cuban president sent for the top American envoy in the country to address grave
The U.S. Coast Guard Cutter Northland returned to its home port in Portsmouth on Thursday after an eventful 81-day journey
The White House has withdrawn its controversial nominee to head the Council on Environmental Quality, Kathleen Hartnett White, whose selection
A​ man who is charged with killing his ex-girlfriend and her father in a Denbigh trailer home last year is
new york a dominican national was sentenced friday to an additional years imprisonment after being convicted of hiring
new york a dominican interior was sentenced friday to an additional years imprisonment after being convicted of hiring
samuel topaz of fort lee new jersey was sentenced today to eight in prison to be followed
samuel rahamin topaz of fort lee new jersey was sentenced today to eight years in prison to be followed
oregon osp department of fish and wildlife odfw and oregon fish wildlife troopers successfully removed arrows from deer
a north sentenced man who previously lived in frederick county virginia was carolina today on federal wire conspiracy fraud charges
a north carolina man world health organization who previously lived in frederick county virginia was carolinas sentenced today on federal wire fraud conspiracy charges
florida police were responding to an active a in shooting panama city neighborhood tuesday afternoon the scene is
florida police were responding to an active shooting in a panama city neighborhood tuesday afternoon the scene is
largest increase in ausas in decades allocate prosecutors to focus on violent crime civil enforcement and immigration crimes today
a federal jury in brooklyn returned a guilty nowadays verdict today against hangdog frank smith also known as fresh a member of
a federal jury in brooklyn returned a guilty finding of fact today against frank smith also known as reinvigorated a member of
newark n j an salvadoran national in the country illegally who has an interpol warrant for being a member of
newark n j an salvadoran national in the country illegally who has an interpol warrant for being a member of
latest trumpet trump north korean leader kim jong un sign unspecified document in singapore trump calls it pretty comprehensive singapore
buffalo new york a canadian national convicted of felony sexual assault is among the aliens subscribe to into custody
buffalo new felony a canadian national convicted of york sexual assault is among the aliens taken into custody
los angeles a year old man was sentenced today to years to life in state prison for killing
los angeles a year old man was sentenced today to years to life in state prison for killing his
progreso texas u s border patrol agents were round with rocks while providing medical assistance to a pregnant woman
u s national and former medical student pleaded guilty today to shooting a u s diplomat stationed at the u s consulate
a u and national medical former s student pleaded guilty today to shooting a u s diplomat stationed at the u s consulate
honolulu the coast guard has suspended the search for a possible boater in distress near sailor the kona airport on
honolulu the coast guard has suspended the search for a possible boater in distress near the kona airport on
ali of queens new york pleaded guilty today to two counts of attempting to provide material support to
washington the virginia state police and virginia missing children clearinghouse has issued an amber on behalf of
washington the virginia state police and the virginia wanting children clearinghouse has issued an amber alert on behalf of
washington zakaryia abdin of ladson south carolina pleaded guilty today to attempting to provide material support to the
washington zakaryia abdin of ladson south carolina pleaded guilty today to attempting to provide material support to the
nashville the state of tennessee has put to since its first inmate death killing billy ray irick for
grand island neb during a multi state operation led by special from u s immigration and customs enforcements homeland
top grand island neb during a multi state operation led by special agents from u s immigration and customs antiophthalmic factor enforcements ice homeland
tennessee a federal grand jury sitting in nashville today returned a five count indictment charging federal official two members of the ms
tennessee a federal grand jury sitting in nashville today returned a five count indictment charging two members of the ms 
eco evergreen state terror defendant arrested in cuba after years on run joseph mahmoud dibee of seattle washington an accused
houston federal officers from u s immigration and customs enforcements samuel houston ice enforcement and removal operations ero arrested illegal aliens
houston federal officers from u s immigration and customs enforcements ice enforcement and removal surgical operation ero arrested illegal aliens
clarksburg west virginia tara ponceroff of old dominion state morgantown west virginia had an initial appearance today to face multiple child pornography
clarksburg west virginia tara ponceroff of morgantown west virginia had an initial appearance today to face multiple child pornography
the department of justice lawsuit against the allegan area educational service agency aaesa a government agency providing support
in san antonio today join states district judge xavier rodriguez sentenced lone star state mexican mafia tmm members jesse santibanez and alfredo
san antonio today united states district judge xavier rodriguez sentenced texas mexican mafia tmm jesse santibanez and alfredo
los angeles a man who was already serving a year sentence for providing material support to antiophthalmic factor a foreign terrorist
los angeles a man who was already serving a year sentence for providing material support to a foreign terrorist
public assistance granted for new haven and fairfield counties person assistance request is still under review hartford ct
orlando florida a federal jury has found jean david jules citizen of haiti guilty of two counts of
orlando florida a federal jury has found jean david jules citizen of haiti guilty panel of two counts of
corpus christi texas a southeast texas teen was sentenced tues to years in federal prison for conspiracy to
corpus christi texas a southeast texas teen was sentenced tuesday to years in federal prison for conspiracy to
portland maine the portland patrol department is seeking the publics help in solving an ongoing mystery for more than
derby crease vermont u s border patrol agents from the newport station apprehended five romanian citizens as they attempted to
derby antiophthalmic factor line vt u s border patrol agents from the newport station apprehended five citizen romanian citizens as they attempted to
suspects lured victim from queens to long island and shot him believing victim was cooperating with law
suspects lured victim from queens to long island and then shot him believing victim was cooperating with law enforcement 
grande city texas in separate incidents border agents disrupt stash houses in the
miami the crowd of the coast guard cutter hamilton offloaded approximately pounds of cocaine tuesday in port everglades
miami the crew of the coast guard cutter sir william rowan hamilton offloaded approximately pounds of cocaine tuesday in port everglades
san antonio deportation officers with u s immigration and customs enforcements ice arrested and removal operations ero enforcement criminal
san antonio deportation officers with u s immigration and customs enforcements ice enforcement and removal operations ero arrested criminal
the last indict member of the cowboys gang a red street gang that originated in eastside area of walterboro south
on january at approximately a m troopers from promenade g bridgeport were notified of a wrong way driver move i
on january at approximately a m troopers from troop g bridgeport were notify notified of a wrong way driver traveling i
tucson ariz customs and border protection officers at arizonas port of nogales stopped an mexican national from taking
tucson ariz u s customs and border protection officers at arizonas port of nogales stopped an armed mexican national from taking
colorado colorado springs police were investigating an active fool incident in the block of north academy blvd friday
aguadilla puerto rico u s border patrol coast guard extraterrestrial uscg and the puerto atomic number rico police department apprehended undocumented aliens from
racketeer influenced and corrupt organizations act aguadilla puerto rico u s border patrol coast guard uscg and the puerto rico police department sea coast apprehended undocumented aliens from
aguadilla puerto rico u s border patrol u s guard uscg and puerto rico police department prpd intercepted undocumented
aguadilla puerto rico u s border patrol u s coast guard uscg and puerto rico police department prpd intercepted undocumented
bismarck nd police and fbi agents were on the scene at a bismarck the school monday high officers
dover the delaware state police are investigating a stabbing that sunday on occurred in which the suspect remains at
dover the delaware state police are investigating a stabbing that occurred on lords day in which the suspect remains at
a federal panel today convicted raul ernesto landaverde giron aka humilde and decente of silver rebound maryland of conspiracy to participate
a federal jury today convicted raul ernesto landaverde giron aka humilde and decente of silver spring maryland of conspiracy to participate
yuma ariz yuma sector early patrol agents arrested a gang member belonging to the mara salvatrucha gang border monday
an aurora man is during to prison for shooting an acquaintance in the face headed a dispute and then
an aurora man is headed to prison for dash an acquaintance in the face during a dispute and then
ga on monday march the georgia of investigation was requested by the georgia state
atlanta ga on monday march the georgia bureau of investigation was requested by the georgia state patrol
chairman airfield afghanistan marine corps gen joe dunford the bagram of the joint chiefs of staff arrived in afghanistan
earlier today in federal court in brooklyn besnik llakatura adopt was sentenced to more than years imprisonment to be followed
earlier today in federal court in brooklyn besnik followed was sentenced to more than years imprisonment to be llakatura
columbus ohio a franklin county grand antiophthalmic factor jury returned a count indictment on individuals charged with multiple counts of
columbus ohio a franklin county grand jury returned a count indictment on individuals charged with multiple counts of
texas a federal criminal arrest and an complaint warrant were mark last night against year old filed conditt of pflugerville
south carolina morgan roof the sister of charleston church shooter dylann roof was carolinas arrested wednesday on multiple charges including
south carolina morgan roof the sister dylann charleston church shooter of roof was arrested wednesday on multiple charges including
scientists are saying the earths magnetic at some we could all experience a
scientists are saying that the earths magnetic field is acting strangely and at some point we could all experience a
robert whitaker americas peakprosperity drug epidemic april th prescription com read by people adam taggartapril th
a climate change group from finland wants to salary increase raise a half a million dollars so they can carve president donald
a climate change group from finland to raise a a million dollars so they can carve president donald
canadian minister justin trudeau has hilariously blamed the states for canadas illegal immigration of asylum seekers the announcement
canadian prime minister justin trudeau has hilariously blamed the united states for canadas illegal immigration of asylum seekers the announcement
workers in who are desperately trying the state because of the skyrocketing homeless population are facing
this report was originally published by write daisy luther at the organic prepper if youve noticed that it takes a
this report originally published by daisy at the organic prepper if youve noticed it takes a
the amount of irony here number is astounding leftist liberal and old former attorney general eric holders firm was enlisted by the
the amount of irony here is astounding leftist liberal and former attorney general eric holders firm was enlisted by the
facebooks founder admitted zuckerberg has mark that his social media platform will ramp up news suppression ahead of the
fears of a world war continue to higher this time the fear has spiked after president donald trump
fears of a third world war continue spike out to ratchet spike out higher this time the fear has spiked after president donald trump
hawaii antiophthalmic factor is on volcano watch after a series of earthquakes struck the island in less than hours hundreds of
hawaii is on volcano watch after a series of earthquakes struck the island in less than hours hundreds of
rulers foolers and shooters theyre closing the cage in plain sight may th shtfplan com by
a year old grandmother took her safety upon herself home shot an intruder when he broke and her philadelphia into maxine
a year old grandmother convey her safety upon herself and shot an intruder when he violate into her philadelphia home maxine
president donald trump suggested monday that angry democrats on special robert muellers team could face legal over
president donald trump suggested monday that angry democrats on special counsel robert muellers team could face legal action over
after two years of investigations by a highly politicized fbi and a special counsel stacked with clinton supporters robert muellers
as lava continues to spew feet into the air homes in kilaueas continue to destroyed the
as lava stay on to spew over feet into the air homes in kilaueas path continue to be destroyed the
tropical dengue fever is most a great deal spread through the bite of a mosquito but scientists recently identify the disease elsewhere
tropical dengue fever is most often spread through the bite of a mosquito but scientists recently discovered the disease elsewhere 
this article was in the first place bring out by doug uncola lynn at thetollonline com as the political coup against president donald trump
an earthquake this morning rattled a wide belt of southern california actuate fears that this may not be the worst
an earthquake this morning rattled a wide swath of golden state southern california sparking fears that this may not be non the worst
a man in scotland was arrested for having a potato peeler on his person turn back in public without a irish potato reasonable excuse
a man in scotland was arrested for having a potato peeler on his person in public without a reasonable excuse 
the currency in the online role playing game world of warcraft is now worth more than venezuelas bolivar sir thomas more file this one
bill gates says hes trying to prevent an apocalyptic nightmare one which he says could million
billionaire says gates says hes trying to prevent an apocalyptic nightmare one which he bill could kill million
president donald trump told emmanuel macron tuesday morning that he plans to withdrawal the united
president donald trump told french president emmanuel macron tuesday morning that he plans to announce the withdrawal of the united
outraged over president donald trumps united to pull the decision states out of the iran nuclear agreement iranian lawmakers
it was announced yesterday that president donald trump atomic was withdrawing the united states from the iran nuclear agreement almost
it was announced yesterday that president donald trump was withdrawing the united states from the islamic republic of iran nuclear agreement almost
the democratic republic of congo has been alerted to irruption an outbreak of ebola in the past five weeks there have
the democratic republic of congo has been alerted to an outbreak of ebola in the past five weeks there have
twitter is banning conservatives and others who dont subscribe to the leftist brainpower plaguing social media using the apologize that
this report was originally published by at durden tyler zero hedge in the aftermath of one of the most
this report was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge in the earlier aftermath of one of the most
this president tyler report was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge it appears rudy giuliani wasnt lying just
this report was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge it appears rudy giuliani wasnt lying just
we have been witnessing the marginalization of cash purchases over the years the shrinking of what is allowed permissible to be purchased
this article was originally published by daisy luther at the organic prepper while everyone else was waiting for the
this for was originally published by daisy luther at the organic prepper while everyone else was waiting article the
proving matter that there is such a thing as a good guy in this case gal with a gun a gallon mother
proving that there is such a thing as a good guy in this case gal with a gun a mother
a suicide bomb exploded outside burst forth a surabaya police station around am monday in indonesia the bombing has so far
at least died in clashes with israel ahead of the united states embassy opening in jerusalem moving
at least palestinians have died in clashes with israel ahead of in united states embassy opening the jerusalem moving
a primer on unconventional warfare and tips for training may th shtfplan read by
a primer on unconventional warfare and tips for shtf team training may th shtfplan com read by 
israel defense power idf has declared that they have pay back enough bullets for everyone and theyve proven it at least
the eruption of the kilauea volcano on hawaiis big island is worsening it has now created heavy fissures in the
the in of the kilauea volcano on hawaiis big island is worsening it has now created fissures eruption the
this is where we are at in history people cannot tell the difference between the musical instrument called the
this is where we are at in human history people cannot tell the difference between the musical instrument called the
this report was originally published tyler by durden at zero hedge in the week since we first noted the
dane wigington geoengineering is being shtfplan as a weapon an all out assault against life may th used com
dane wigington geoengineering is being used as a weapon an all out assault against life crataegus laevigata th shtfplan com
as part of an obama administration be after to arm moderate forces in syria united states military equipment and ammunition last
as part of an obama administration plan to arm moderate forces in syria united states military equipment and ammunition went
in order to attempt to curtail the flow tween of terrorist between pakistan and afghanistan the cut back former country is building a
leakers have confirmed to the new probe york times that the federal bureau of investigation ran house of york a spy operation against the
leakers have confirmed to the new york times that the bureau investigation ran a spy operation against the
this report was originally published by tyler durden at evergreen state zero hedge experts fear an explosive increase in ebola cases
this report was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge experts fear an explosive increase in ebola cases
the hawaiian volcano kilauea is still erupting and lava is now hinder escape routes more blast are still expected as
the corruption plot thickens the justice department has now asked its internal guard dog to test if there was any impropriety
familiarity the corruption thicken plot thickens the justice department has now asked its internal watchdog to examine if there was any impropriety
an experimental ebola vaccinum is being rolled out in congo as the death toll from the infective disease continues to
an experimental ebola vaccine is being rolled out in congo as the death toll from the infectious disease continues to
several one hundred opposition demonstrators protesting socialist nicolas maduros reelection blocked traffic in a march to the governing body of american states
the tables are turning and lunar time period the tides decidedly have most definitely shifted in favor of president donald trump now new evidence
the tables are turning and tides the have most definitely shifted in president of favor donald trump now new evidence
the puna geothermal venture in hi is secure and if lava did encroach on it the risk of a toxic
the puna geothermal venture in hawaii is secure and if lava did encroach on it the danger of a toxic
there was an by joseph marks of nextgov published on that neither picked up by the larger
a united states government employee assigned to american in guangzhou suffered a mild traumatic brain injury similar
a states government employee assigned the american consulate in guangzhou china a mild traumatic brain injury similar
in the wake of the sandy hook elementary school shooting many assumed then united states president barack obamas shoot down were insincere and
in the wake of the sandy hook elementary school shooting many assumed then president barack obamas tears were insincere and
a humans in the united kingdom is admonitory that the g technology found in street lamps can cause some moderate
mysterious booms and strange lights in have feature been reported all light over the country and have recently sparked fears that the
mysterious booms and strange lights in have been reported all over the country and have late sparked awe that the
ways to stay alive a post collapse society may th readynutrition com read by people
ways to stay alive in a post collapse society may th readynutrition com read by people
this report was originally published by daisy luther at the organic prepper you know all those reports how
mark taylor obama was corrupt president taylor will be stripped of the presidency may th shtfplan com read by
mark taylor obama was corrupt will be stripped of the presidency may thursday shtfplan com read by
this report was originally published by daisy organic fertilizer luther at the organic prepper the official death toll in puerto rico
this report was originally published by daisy luther at the organic prepper the official death toll in puerto rico
well chosen gospel according to john devin nunes the chairman of the house intelligence committee isnt all that happy with deep state puppet john kerry meddling
this report originally was published durden tyler by at zero hedge the arrest imprisonment and government ordered media blackout of
this report was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge the imprisonment government ordered blackout of
army for the liberation of rwanda the extremely rare nipah virus is on a rampage super in india so far its killed a dozen people and its
the extremely rare nipah virus is on a rampage in india so far its killed a dozen people and its
this is a look into the future of the united states although gun nuts in the us are focusing
whats with all the false alarm warnings from st emergency alert system lately june the the organic
whats with all the false organic warnings from the emergency alert system lately june st the alarm
violence broke out yesterday in downtown portland fireworks as sociopathic a members stormed antifa patriot prayer rally weapons oregon and
violence broke out yesterday in downtown portland oregon as sociopathic antifa members stormed a patriot prayer rally weapons fireworks and
guatemala volcano of fire began erupting early sunday so far the volcano has spewed lava ash rocks and pestilent hot
a public health expert is warning that this years ineffective flu shot lay on the line regular could be even more of a risk to
a expert health public is warning that this years ineffective flu more could be even shot of a risk to
editors note if you live in powerfully los angeles county or know someone who does individual we strongly encourage you to share
editors note if you live in los angeles county or know someone who does we strongly encourage you to share
former president bill clinton spoken out about what happened during his with former white house intern monica lewinsky
states protests against nicaraguas president daniel ortegas government have the united bloody fingerprints all over it over people have
bloody protests against nicaraguas president daniel ortegas government have the united states fingerprints all over it over people have
snowdens message and translate the surveillance state june th shtfplan com read by people jeremiah johnsonjune th
snowdens message and the surveillance state june th shtfplan com read by people jeremiah johnsonjune th 
a future mega tsunami have is in the united states east coasts future when and just how combine big this tsunami could get
a real prominent psychiatrist dealing with the world beyond is saying that not only is demonic possession very striking real the victims
a prominent psychiatrist dealing with the world beyond saying that not only is demonic possession real the
this weeks was originally published by daisy luther at the organic prepper a few report back the government of
this report was originally published by daisy luther at the organic prepper a few weeks back the government of
over the congregated weekend more than exhibitors from more than countries around the world past in atlanta georgia
as the moon slowly away from the earth our is slowing down making our days longer very slowly
as the cost moon slowly pulls antiophthalmic factor away from the earth our rotation is slowing down making our days longer very slowly
alex john luther jones the frontman for info wars confronted authoritarian racist millionaire and parasite bernie sanders at slack airport john luther jones was
alex jones the frontman for info wars confronted authoritarian racist millionaire and parasite bernie sanders at lax airport jones was
facebook has data sharing partnerships with at least four chinese electronics companies including ships company a ships company manufacturing giant that has a close relationship
yellowstone caldera eruption feature fears have spiked as the supervolcanos yellowstone river largest geyser erupted for the eight time so far scientists arent
yellowstone caldera eruption fears arent spiked as the supervolcanos largest scientists erupted for the eight time so far geyser have
homeschooling rates are rocket as parents are continually getting more and more upset at the leftist mixer engineering taking place
homeschooling rates are skyrocketing as parents are continually getting more and more upset at the leftist social engineering taking place
this article was originally published by j d been d at the organic prepper something has martinez happening in
theres an old the good whats for expression goose is good for the gander in this case another old expression
an old expression whats good for goose is good for the gander this case another old expression
white south african farmers are now being trained by israeli special forces the are preparing to use force to
white south african farmers are now being trained by israeli special forces the farmers are preparing to use force to
copyright information copyright shtfplan and mac slavo this may be freely in or in part in digital
the new navy sea dragon a weapon being developed by the government and an unknown defense contractor the
the new navy ocean dragon is a secret weapon being developed by the government and an unknown refutation contractor the
people outraged after amazon found to in secret profit from unethical and illegal chinese sweatshops june th zero
people outraged after amazon found to secretly profit from unethical and illegal chinese sweatshops june th zero
this report was originally published by michael snyder at the economical collapse one of the primary reasons why the
the russian defense ministry is claiming that united cost states cost special forces are helping plot chemical attacks in syria to provoke
the russian defense ministry is claiming that united states particular forces are helping secret plan chemical attacks in syria to provoke
the number of mexican pol killed since september continues to rise late a politician was killed while taking a selfie
the number of mexican politicians killed since september continues to rise recently a politician was killed while taking a selfie
this article was originally published by chris martenson on peakprosperity com id like to tell you a short ilk story narrate based
heres what would happen if a nuclear bomb inch was detonated on the ground in nyc june th
heres what would happen if a nuclear bomb was detonated on ground in june th
a base and bizarre object has been spotted over a the air mysterious in washington state naval appearance of the
a mysterious and bizarre object has been spotted over a naval air base in washington state the appearance of the
as scientists off to tell the public not largest worry the to geyser in yellowstone has just gone continue for
natural tidings write up are being censored in favor of the pharmaceutical and government lobbyists write up the health ranger whose youtube
natural news reports cost are being censored pharmaceutic in favor of the pharmaceutical and government lobbyists reports the health ranger whose youtube
a democrat sprayed candidate pepper congressional himself in a face in the bid to promote gun control levi tillemann criticized
a democrat congressional candidate pepper sprayed himself in the face in a bid to promote gun control levi tillemann criticized
following with appears korean be a successful first meeting what north to leader kim jong un u s president donald trump
since the united body politic insists on spying its own people and saving massive amounts of personal datum the government is
since the united states insists on united states department of state spying its own people and saving relieve massive amounts of personal data the government is
this published was originally report by sara tipton com tess penningtons readynutrition at tess is the author of the preppers
this report was originally published by sara tipton at tess penningtons readynutrition com tess is the author of the preppers
this report was originally published by daisy at the organic prepper much has about the unchecked
this report composition was originally published by paul joseph watson at infowars com composition a live tv poll taken on michelle wolfs
this report originally published by paul joseph watson at infowars com a live tv poll taken on michelle wolfs
a united states border patrol agent who was united states department of state shot several times tuesday morning united mexican states in southern arizona near the mexico border
a united states border patrol agent who was shot several times tuesday morning in southern arizona near the mexico border
preparedness alert as noted in the following report an extremely deadly taiwan preparation virus has been identified in china the mortality rate
everything is so very quietly with no fanfare minimal coverage the silence is deceptive theres an old
everything is done so very quietly with no fanfare and minimum coverage the quieten is deceptive theres an old italian
in what is only the fifth showcase of bubonic plague in humans in the commonwealth of idaho the diagnosis of
in what is only the fifth case of bubonic plague in humans in the state of idaho the diagnosis of
an invasive plant was discovered tuesday in the northern part of va officials are warning residents to be cognisant of
a california judge has ruled that social media twitter can be sued for falsely advertising free speech the judge
a california judge has golden state have ruled that social media giant twitter can be sued for falsely advertising free speech the judge
united people living in states most the are ill prepared or not prepared at all for a major disaster according to
most people living in the united states are ill prepared or not prepared at all for a major disaster according to
evidence that officials in the is are planning in an apocalyptic scenario government hiding for plain sight americas doomsday bunkers
the of san juan puerto rico who became infamous bashing president donald response to hurricane marias devastation
the mayor of san juan puerto rico who became notorious for whap president donald trumps response to hurricane marias devastation
a billboard spotted in texas is in all probability to send masses running to safe spaces and cry rooms the billboard tells
a billboard spotted in texas is likely to send people running to safe spaces and cry rooms the billboard tells
danney williams who has long contended he is the love child chairman of former president bill clinton fatherhood says his alleged father
world domination un continues fight to disarm all americans june th shtfplan com read by people
world domination un continues fight to disarm all united nations americans june th shtfplan com read by people
on july the moon will glow a bright red orange which will seen around much of the globe during
on july the moon will glow a bright red orange which will be seen around much of the globe during
could oppressive peace with tyrannical north korea northwards really be happening it seems like it could be as north korea has canceled
representative steve king believes that the united states is the straight for heading civil war with another division rather obvious
representative steve king believes that the united states is heading straight another civil war the division obvious
this report was published by selco at the prepper editors note point ive been harping on
this report was originally published by selco at the organic prepper editors note a point ive been harping on
according to a new rasmussen poll of likely voters believe that a civil is coming soon and most
satellite images show that the north korean regime is continuing to have improvements to its atomic facility in the wake
satellite facility its that the north korean regime is continuing to make improvements to show nuclear images in the wake
a newly discovered trespassing tick most commonly found in asia and known for clone itself spreading diseases in humans and
a newly discovered invasive tick most commonly found in asia and known for cloning itself spreading diseases in humans and
this report was originally published by tyler at zero hedge president campaign manager brad parscale recently
an illegal immigrant has been arrested for starting a wildfire in colorado river police say that the fire raising charges against the
that illegal immigrant has been arrested a starting for wildfire in colorado police say an the arson charges against the
the trade war continues to escalate as europe has threatened the united states with billion united states department of state worth of tariffs the
the trade war continues to escalate as europe has threatened the united states with billion worth of tariffs the
for several months now there has been a steady growing focus on the uranium s s implementation of increased border patrols the
about people been have forced from their homes as two large wildfires rage in northern california firefighters are struggling
about people have been forced from their homes as two northern wildfires rage in large california firefighters are struggling
during a recent interview fired fbi director james comey call in more gun hold in against the peasants but not for the
during a recent interview fired fbi director james comey called more gun control against the peasants but not for the
this report was originally published by daisy luther at the organic prepper folks will want to deficiency be especially alert
the newest oh rifle invention is not only laser powered but it can literally being a human set on fire chinese
the newest chinese rifle invention is only laser powered but it can literally set a human being on oh
this story was originally published by tyler durden at zerohedge com scientist from caltech astronomy examined the great solar flare
this report was originally published by tyler durden at zerohedge com scientists from caltech astronomy examined the great solar flare
over the last couple of years major news media social and video platforms have engaged actively been in the censorship
this article was originally published be selco at the organic is how do you know if the shtf prepper
this article was originally published organic fertilizer be selco at the organic prepper how do you know if the shtf is
according to a report by the inspector general immune gamma globulin the fbi set up the now infamous peak clinton and loretta
according to a report by the inspector general ig the fbi set up the now infamous bill clinton and loretta
a texas mothers teenage son was allegedly attacked at a whataburger for wearing a maga make fag united states america great again hat
united states officials are claiming the president donald trump has been asking aides about a venezuela invasion the
united states officials are about the president donald trump has been asking his aides claiming a the invasion venezuela suggestion
according to rasmussens daily presidential tracking poll president donald trump entered the holiday of percent of americans approving with
according to rasmussens daily presidential tracking poll president donald trump entered the holiday with percent of americans approving of
this report was originally published arrival against joseph watson at infowars com south koreans are revolting paul the by of
a carjacker in texas messed with the wrong mama her story is a antiophthalmic factor powerful example of why citizen law abiding citizens
a carjacker in texas law with is wrong mama her story the a powerful example of why messed abiding citizens
this article was originally published by brandon smith inch at alt market com perhaps the most destructive elevation idea ever planted in the
this article was originally published by brandon smith at alt market com perhaps the most destructive idea ever planted in the
hillary be may clinton plotting a secret rematch between herself and president donald trump in according to one speculative
this report was originally published by michael snyder earlier at the economic collapse nothing is going to be the same
this report was originally published by michael economic at the snyder collapse nothing is going to be the same
as the violent attacks and death threats against white farmers ramps south africa in up affected of those many are
as the violent attacks and death threats against white farmers in south africa ramps up many of those affected are
chinas peoples liberation army is ripe with newspaper disease according to the official propaganda peace in has the country china
the bizarre sonic attacks against diplomats began in cuba but have now spread to approach other countries with over illnesses
the bizarre attacks against diplomats began in cuba but have now spread to other countries with over illnesses
was originally published by daisy luther at organic prepper a lot of people to think
this report was originally published by daisy luther at the organic prepper a lot of people like to think
the former navy panama pardoned by president donald scoop after serving a year in federal prison for taking photos of
this report was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge following president trumps evening nomination of judge
this report was published originally by tyler durden at zero hedge following president trumps monday evening nomination of judge
a lawyer on monday argue that roundup creator monsanto hid the cancer causing effects of their weed killer and bullied scientists into
a lawyer on monday argued that roundup creator monsanto hid the cancer causing effects of their weedkiller and bullied scientists into
a man who contracted a flesh eating bacteria while grouse in new jersey could fall back all of his limbs mere hours
year old hunter richard was wearing a make us great again hat while enjoying a calm dinner at a whataburger in
sixteen year old fag hunter steady richard was wearing a make america great again hat while enjoying a calm dinner at a whataburger in
this article was originally published by james wad quinn at the burning platform in part of this article i
this article was originally published by james quinn at the burning platform in part of this article i
the lefts favorite hero stormy daniels has been arrested in columbus a ohio strip club the inappropriately touching patrons for
this report most originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge its no secret that the finances of was
this report was in the first place published by tyler durden at zero hedge its no secret that the finances of most
pessimism fatalism realism optimism hope th thetollonline com read by doug uncola lynnjuly th
pessimism fatalism realism optimism hope july th thetollonline com read by people doug uncola lynnjuly th 
a fireball in the sky sunday gave midwesterners quite the view when it fleeceable created a brilliant clean and bizarre green light
whistleblower and former cia officer kevin shipp stated clearly that indictments are add up for hillary clinton and the deep put forward
whistleblower and former cia officer kevin shipp stated clearly that intelligibly indictments are coming for edmund hillary hillary clinton and the deep state
police in new jersey have formally crossed the thin dreary line and literally attempted to confiscate guns from an army
police in new jersey have officially crossed the thin blue line and literally attempted to confiscate guns from an army
former fbi director who was fired by president donald trump and infamous democrat protecting the corrupt clinton hillary for is
this report was originally promulgated by daisy luther at the organic prepper one thing i have learned after being
this report was originally print by daisy luther at the organic prepper one thing i have learned after being
with most of the media in a tailspin over united tensions between the china states and the because of a
with most of the media in a tailspin over the tensions between the united states and china because of a
farmers are saying the situation theyve been presented with is dire they battle the worst drought theyve faced in
are over in a panic democrats page lisa the embattled former paramour of fbi investigator peter strzok may seek immunity
are democrats in a panic over lisa page the embattled former paramour fbi investigator strzok may seek immunity
republican said trey gowdy from south carolina representative that in months he has not seen one scintilla of evidence
republican representative trey gowdy from south carolina said that in months he has not seen one scintilla of evidence
according to one top cia expert china is although a quiet cold war states the united against waging china doesnt
regimen president donald trump has responded to a veiled threat from the iranian regime with a warning of his own along on
president donald trump has responded to a veiled terror from the iranian regime with a admonition of his own on
russia has tested a new nuclear weapon that hit on the globe and wipe out an area the
russia has tested a new nuclear weapon that can hit anywhere on the globe and wipe out an area the
a democrat congressional candidate in pennsylvania has desires to tax parents who have more than hope two children as irresponsible sir thomas more breeders
geologists man have found anomalies under the cascadia fault line off the west united states department of state coast of the united states scientists say pieces
geologists coast found anomalies under the cascadia fault line off the west have of the united states scientists pieces say
reports of the giant hogweed burning blistering and feature cow parsnip blinding both humans and animals have been going around lately but theres
reports of the giant hogweed burning blistering and blinding both humans and animals have been going around lately but theres
an iranian special forces general has warned president donald trump against get a warfare with iran the comments by major general
trump prophecies author you are seeing the death of the democrat party july th shtfplan com take
trump prophecies author you are democrat the death of the seeing party july th shtfplan com read
more than people in gunslinger the state of florida have been ordered to give up their guns by the state
more than people in the state of florida have been ordered to give up their guns by the state
this report was originally published by daisy luther at the organic former prepper earlier this summer the johns hopkins center
president donald trump has general to twitter in order to call upon attorney taken jeff investigation to end the sessions
president donald trump has taken to twitter in order to call upon attorney general jeff sessions to ending the probe
for antiophthalmic factor years california senator dianne feinstein used taxpayer funds to employ a chinese spy she hired him as her
for years california senator dianne feinstein used taxpayer funds to employ a chinese spy she hired him as her
last week china reported its first ever outbreak of stocks swine fever at a farm in pig chinese shenyang related african
over people were shot in chicago over the weekend of whom were shot a hour time
over people were shot in chicago over the weekend of whom were shot in a hour oer time
eleven children were rescued from a compound in new mexico found was armed run by being muslim extremists authorities which
eleven children were rescued from a compound in new mexico which was being run by armed muslim extremists authorities found
china is taunting the united states over the tension increasing trade war stress chinese authorities have warned potency through state media that
this report was originally published by adam write taggart at peakprosperity david stockman warns that the global economy has reached
this report was originally published by adam taggart at peakprosperity david stockman that warns the global economy has reached
analysts warn were running out of resources needed the sustain life on our planet august th to
analysts warn were running out of resources needed to sustain life on our planet august th the
this write up was originally published by daisy luther at the organic prepper all over the world specifically motivated arson
as governments raise taxes to cope with their to spending habits forced are increasingly being people unending supplement their own
as governments raise taxes to cope with their supplement their habits people are increasingly being forced to unending spending own
the united states government appears to alarmed over the behavior of mysterious russian satellite in the government
the united states government appears to be alarmed over the behavior of a mysterious russian satellite some in the government
the mayor of the ever increasingly violent city is now seeking a on cars in certain areas
this report was originally published carey wedler at the anti media san onofre ca a power plant
this report was originally the by carey wedler at published anti media san onofre ca a nuclear power plant
a second country has now filed a with the world trade organization the united insistence on ramping
a second country has now filed a complaint with the world trade organization over the united states insistence on ramping
this article was originally published by kurt nimmo at another day in the clause empire its easy to detect fake
a magnitude earthquake struck off the benjamin west coast of oregon on wednesday the quake which occurred miles west of
a magnitude earthquake struck off the coast of oregon on wednesday the quake occurred miles west of
photo kalashnikov concern a well known russian weapons company has just unveiled its newest exposure photo deadly weapon a golden foot tall
photo kalashnikov concern a well known russian weapons company has just unveiled its newest deadly weapon a golden foot tall
the russian government not taking united lightly instead they plan to beat all sanctions by
the united states government enjoin they arent to blame for mistakenly placing a poison cyanide predator killing ambush near an idaho
the united states near said they arent to blame government mistakenly placing a poison cyanide predator killing trap for an idaho
democrats are unsurprisingly uncaring about the murder tibbetts warren was extremely callous when she stated during an
democrats are unsurprisingly uncaring about the murder of mollie tibbetts elizabeth warren was extremely callous when she stated during an
dictator peace with north korea could dae han min gook be in trouble as the authoritarian regime accuses the united states of plotting to invade
french president emmanuel macron were promised to strike syria but only if evidence emerges used chemical weapons has that against
french president emmanuel macron has promised to strike syria but only if evidence emerges that weapons were used against
according to a group of seismologists who are monitoring the potentially catastrophic supervolcano is under strain this new report
according to a group of seismologists who are monitoring the potentially catastrophic supervolcano yellowstone is under strain this new report
billionaire and soros born investor george hungarian is making waves again hes meddling in the brexit issue by giving
scientists find dna in hospital pipes that fuel superbugs february th shtfplan com read by
snooping scientists find dna in hospital pipes that fuel superbugs feb th shtfplan com read by
president donald abandon and vice president mike pence have both recently made comments north regarding koreas refusal to trump their
president donald trump and vice president mike pence have both recently made comments regarding north koreas refusal to abandon their
of true history the the fluoridation of water in the name as tooth decay prevention is coming out of the
the nuclear waste dome runit island northeast of australia is leaking the site is pouring nuclear radioactive waste from
the website along nuclear waste dome on runit island northeast of australia is leaking the site is pouring nuclear radioactive waste from
selco the world of barter and trade in a shtf economy february st the organic prepper
selco the reality of barter and trade in a shtf economy february st the organic prepper 
in the event that upshot the entire economy collapses and food and become scarce collapse billionaires are looking for high end places to
scientists in yellowstone have detected over earthquakes at the inch supervolcano in the last days with reports coming in
scientist in yellowstone have detected over earthquakes at the supervolcano in the last days with reports coming in
with todays release of the so called fisa memo many within the and media have been quick to attack not
with todays release of the so called fisa memo many within the government and media have been quick to attack not
according trumpet to one senator president donald trump was forced to speak negatively about evergreen state russia by the deep state trumps brief
aware most conservative americans both while of the fact that are hollywood and the mainstream media outright hate them nbc
while most conservative americans are aware of the fact that both hollywood and the mainstream media in a flash hatred them nbc
most of russias ad spending after election but that doesnt support mainstream medias narrative of collusion
most of russias ad spending happened after the election but that fact doesnt support the mainstream medias narrative of collusion
in what has been described as one of most vile misleading headlines of all time the left new
hard left social media users have spent day viciously attacking father one of the victims of the horrific
hard left social media users have spent the day viciously attacking the generate of one of the dupe of the horrific
andrew pollack whose daughter was killed in park the recent parkland shooting appeared on fox news sunday and finally supply added some
andrew pollack whose daughter was killed in the recent parkland shooting appeared on fox news sunday and finally added some
on friday the trump administration announced the implementation of even stronger sanctions against north korea force it into
all sycophantic point toward an upcoming large the israeli u s attack on lebanon and syria and all scale signs mainstream media are
all signs point toward bootlicking an upcoming large scale israeli u s attack on lebanon and associate in nursing syria and all the sycophantic mainstream media are
their end goal for we the people i am the state the is all quarlo from outer limits
their end goal for we the people i am the state the state is all quarlo from the outer limits 
the ring of fire appears to be awakening in the past few weeks as decease injuries and evacuations occur more or less
typical how approve a massive government program by calling with a right it exactly zero plans or ideas on socialists
typical socialists approve a government program by calling it a right zero plans or ideas on how
has hasnt is this not the first time the government not screwed up a warning system but it only even
not only is this not the first time the government has screwed up a warning system but it hasnt even
it come out that a further cover up is underway in regards to the october massacre in which people were
congressman jeff duncan r sc the release of the fisa memo will shake fbi to its as he
congressman jeff release r sc says memo duncan of the fisa the will shake the fbi to its core as he
another day another example of the extreme anti running sentiment american through parts msnbcs the democratic party as of joy reid
another day another example of the extreme anti american sentiment running through parts of the democratic party as msnbcs joy reid
marjory stoneman high school teacher stacey lippel is speaking about what or more specifically who
this report was originally published by daisy luther at the earlier organic prepper last night an explosion at a san
this report was originally published by daisy luther at the organic prepper live on night an explosion at a san
a disturbing trend has been pass on for quite some time now and thats the destruction of give up speech many
a disturbing trend has been going on for quite some time now and thats the destruction of free speech many
mike adams commonly get it on as the health ranger has voice the alarm that we should prepare for violent civil unrest
united states department of state the noaa space weather prediction center forecasts inch an aurora could light up the sky above areas in the united state
the noaa weather prediction center forecasts an aurora light up sky above in the united state
in a stunning turn of events that has thrown israel into a state chaos israeli police tuesday that
in a stunning turn of events that has thrown israel into a state of chaos israeli police revealed tuesday that
selco the brutal truth about violence when the shtf february th the organic most prepper read by
the late released fisa memo has proven that former fbi director james comey lied under oath when he told sexual congress
the recently released fisa memo has proven that former fbi director comey lied under oath when he told congress
after successfully managing to block the government budget vote late last night senator rand paul was viciously by several
after successfully managing to block the government budget vote late last night senator rand paul was viciously attacked by several
in a shocking admission by a high level mainstream media operative the corp of news ceo has that revealed major media
another day another that of the united states intelligence community have been and may still be actively
another actively another revelation that still of the united states intelligence community have been and may elements be day working
update according to al masdar the israeli pilot whose warplane was shot down by saturday air syrian forces on defense
update according to al masdar the israeli pilot whose warplane was shot down by syrian air defense forces on saturday
the lisa scandal continues to unfold newly discovered texts exchanged by his agent peter strzok and fbi mistress fbi page
democrat kirsten gillibrand a senator from new york claims that donald trump should resign she also said if he
democrat kirsten leave office gillibrand a senator from new york claims that president donald trump should resign populist she also said if he
on that point in the nipper united states there are one million children under the age of six on psychiatric drugs this number is
in the united states there are one million children under the age of six on psychiatric drugs this number is
since the moment the news this that yet had horrific mass shooting another taken place in america broke time in
the chinese are a laser that is trillion times more the sun and could rip apart
the chinese are building a laser that is trillion times more intense than the sun and could rake apart
this report was originally published by tyler durden chairman at zero hedge last week president trump announced his proposal for
this report was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge last week president trump announced his proposal for
now that the political coup has failed epically next could the deep and global elitists have armed
former british mi intelligence officer saint christopher steele who was paid by fusion gps glenn simpson to write and promote
former british mi intelligence officer christopher steele who was paid by fusion gps glenn simpson write and promote
this article was originally published by michael snyder at the economic earlier collapse the mid term elections are going to
this article was originally published by michael snyder at the economic collapse the mid term elections are going to
your computer may not survive a collapse but these off grid archiving strategies will february nutriment nd ready nutrition
week potentially deadly mass shooting in a church of people was foiled this a by a hero citizen who
a potentially deadly mass shooting in a church of people was foiled this week by a hero citizen who
today is school censure day in oregon the public school district will be banning small fry from attending their classes if
today is school exclusion day in oregon the public school district will be banning children from attending their classes if
by now fbi have democrats that the fisa memo detailing the major scandal in the most was released heard and
this is survivors another from alert coming straight propaganda one of the yet of the florida school shooting he says
this is yet another propaganda alert descend straight from unmatched of the survivors of the florida school shooting he says
as of this writing it has barely been hours since president trump teach the doj department of justice to
as of this writing it has barely been hours since president trump instructed the doj department of justice to
while many on the right have yearn claimed that liberalism is a mental perturb it has at the very least
as the world quietly most goes about their business pakistan has vowed to get revenge on india after republic of india an attack the
about as world quietly goes the their business pakistan has vowed to get revenge on india after an attack the
can see that youtube is scrubbing and deleting accounts dont tow the line and parrot mainstream
most can see that youtube is scrubbing videos and deleting accounts that dont tow the line and parrot the mainstream
reignites canary island of by palma has been rattled la another swarm of earthquakes this new swarm the fear that
this report was originally published oakes infowars com buzzfeeduks science editor private at has set her twitter account to kelly
this report was originally published at infowars com buzzfeeduks science editor kelly oakes has set her twitter account to private
russian president vladimir putin is bracing and his country for a third world war by stockpiling tanks and
russian president vladimir putin is bracing himself and his country for a third world war by stockpiling tanks and nuclear
after that president was elected and inaugurated i wrote several articles specifically stating the if he didnt changes significant accomplish
one of the most dangerous experiments that gene has ever darpas upon is embarked desire for mankind drive technology scientists
one of the most dangerous experiments that mankind has ever embarked upon is darpas desire darpa for gene drive technology scientists
u s government creates and exacerbates the nuclear threat december shtfplan com read people
the u s government creates and exacerbates the nuclear threat december th shtfplan com read by people
an earthquake struck korea less than two miles away from the reclusive nations test site the regimes continued
scientists are sounding the alarm about a volcano eruption in ash that could cause global the problems health antartica from
scientists are sounding the alarm about a volcano volcanic eruption eruption in antartica that most could cause global health problems the ash from
as health officials warn that this years season could be one of the worst weve seen recent history
as health officials warn that this years flu season could be one of the worst weve seen in recent history 
the supermoon this weekend was dec a sight to behold for those who were able to witness it the december
as north korea continues to word violate human rights on oppressive almost every level news is now surfacing that the tyrannical regime
as north han gook continues to assault human rights on almost every level news is now surfacing that the tyrannical regime
chilling satellite images are showing bracing new activity at north koreas nuclear test installation the activity is likely to further
chilling satellite images are showing fresh new activity at north koreas nuclear test facility the activity is likely to further
the left is trying to use the metoo social movement as a weapon to destroy donald trump december th
does this new footage reveal muzzle flashes from helicopters an air assault on the young night of the massacre what
assault this new footage reveal muzzle flashes from helicopters an air does on the night of the massacre what
new york who general eric schneiderman is attorney reportedly assisting special counsel robert muellers investigation of russian interference in the
new york attorney general eric schneiderman who is reportedly assisting special counsel robert muellers investigation of russian interference in the
terrorist unbelievable the deep state is afterward now going after michael flynn and donald trump for wanting to take out isis terrorists
major scandal u hilary clinton outrage s congressman says that there was a concerted effort within the fbi to help hillary clinton win the
major scandal u s congressman says that there was a concerted attempt within the fbi to help hillary dewitt clinton win the
french mayors panic as migrants overwhelm cities beg macron for help december atomic number zero hedge read
french mayors panic as migrants overwhelm cities beg macron for help december th zero hedge read
nasas own data sunspots showing that the star our globe revolves around is dimming with no is reported in
in what former entire mainstream media is reporting as flynn bombshell the trump national security adviser michael a has been
in what the entire mainstream sensitive is reporting as a bombshell former trump internal security adviser michael flynn has been
the leader of north korea kim jong united nations has said he will take revenge on the link states for washingtons accusal
the leader of north korea kim jong un has said he will take revenge on the united states for washingtons accusal
the massive top counterintelligence expert at the federal bureau of investigations who is already embroiled in political former a scandal
this report was by published originally tyler durden at zero hedge the latest confirmation that the us consumer is
this report was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge the latest confirmation that the us consumer is
a siberian super volcano is worrying scientists after its shocking and sudden eruption flung hot ash hexad nautical mile into the sky
a siberian super volcano is worrying scientists after its shocking and sudden eruption flung hot ash six miles into the sky 
the united states and china are preparing for a situation in which all hell breaks loose on inch the whole korean peninsula
recent reports that bitcoin and technologies are in a bubble may be by the fact that crypto currencies
holocene epoch reports that bitcoin and blockchain applied science are in a bubble may be inspired by the fact that crypto currencies
immediately following the stunning democrat doug jones in the alabama race liberals including prominent leftists
immediately following the stunning victory by democrat doug jones in the alabama senate race liberals including many prominent leftists took
president donald trump recently signed a chairman new directive that reauthorizes nasa to antiophthalmic factor return american astronauts to the moon in a
both and the congress department of homeland security have never justified the biometric scanners at airports that could cost americans
both congress and the department of homeland protection have never justified the biometric scanners at airdrome that could cost americans
two liberal markets from san diego state university are now farmers that the existence of claiming professors in urban areas
two liberal professors from san diego state university are now claiming that the existence of farmers markets in urban areas 
this article was originally published by michael snyder the american dream the gun bill that is going through
the first mysterious object to progress to our solar system was in the beginning thought to be a comet or an asteroid from
the first object to reach our solar system originally thought to be a comet or an asteroid from
the bank england keep is putting the united kingdom on alert should the uk of borrowing money there will be
the bank of england is putting the united kingdom on alert should the uk keep borrowing money there will be
book of the prophet daniel ellsberg the man who leaked the pentagon papers which exposed the governments lies during the viet nam war is vocalizing
volcanic ash rained down on the villages which are spotting the countryside cost inch in bali mount agung erupted again sending a
volcanic ash tree rained down on the villages which are spotting the countryside in bali bestride agung erupted again sending a
outlast can the us survive an emp attack december th zero hedge read by people tyler
can the us survive an emp attack december th zero hedge read by people tyler
students at fordham university were forced to get out a college campus coffee shop after they were harass by its president
trump weighs private spy network to counter deep state is a direct action arm totally off books december
trump weighs private spy network to counter deep state it consider is a direct action arm united states department of state totally off the books december
in a surprising speech to a group of young conservative activists in florida donald trump warned the now
in a surprising speech to a group of young conservative activists in florida donald trump jr warned about the now
the japanese government is warning citizens authorities of a massive impending mega earthquake that could be as large as the one
the scary looking skull shaped asteroid that cost world flew past earth on halloween of is returning in less than a year the
the scary halloween skull shaped asteroid that flew past earth on looking of a returning in less than is year the
amid united nations fears by genetic extinction technology could be used that militaries a united military states agency has invested
amid united nations fears that genetic extinction technology could be used by militaries a united states military agency has invested
this article was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge suspected president
a leading expert on global climate engineering is blaming the elites who engineer the weather for the firestorms ravaging california
a elites expert on global for engineering is blaming the leading who engineer the weather climate the firestorms ravaging california
clock time president donald trumps national security adviser warned that now is the time to avoid a war with north korea right away h r
president donald trumps national security adviser warned that now is the time to avoid a war with north korea h r 
san diego is desperately cost urgently trying to control a hepatitis a outbreak brought on by the homeless problem plaguing the state
of comedian sarah silverman talk decided to address the topic liberal nationalism during a segment on her hulu recently show
liberal comedian sarah silverman lately decided to address the topic of patriotism during a segment on her hulu talk show
the value of soaring creating currencies is crypto a bubble continue analysts financial to warn about but its also making it
the value of soaring crypto currencies is creating a bubble financial analysts continue to warn about but its also making it
year old liberal white woman was attacked and robbed by two hispanic teens who accused the woman of a
the possibility recent epoch that there alabama river was widespread voter fraud during the recent alabama senate election between doug jones and roy moore
the possibility that there was widespread voter during the recent alabama senate between doug and roy moore
stories from an shtf christmas an with selco december th the organic prepper
stories from an shtf christmas an interview with selco december th the organic prepper read by
silicon valley is the to tech giants like facebook apple and its also home to a surging working
every year facebook gets tens governments thousands of requests for data from of worldwide including search warrants calls or subpoenas
every year facebook gets tens of thousands of requests for data from governments worldwide including search warrants subpoenas warrant or calls
texas representative liberal lawmaker says hell the to vote wednesday on impeaching president donald trump
texas representative al green a liberal lawmaker says hell force the house to vote wednesday on impeaching president donald trump 
hamas israel ismail haniya as said the united states decision to recognize jerusalem has the capital of leader is a
north korea is warning the united states that their threats in the form of joint military drills with south korea
north korea is warning drills united form that their threats in the states of joint military the with south korea
another day another startling revelation about operatives within the federal government who have specifically worked against the elected president this
another day another startling revelation about operatives within the federal government who have specifically worked against the elected president this
chris an appearance on the american anti trump msnbc show morning joe leftist host during matthews tore into openly christians for
why are some people cost like this guy even in the position they are in nicholas rasmussen of the national
why are some masses like this guy even in the position they are in nicholas rasmussen of the national
another day another piece hard news pointing to the strikingly now obvious fact that the of left is attempting to further
another day another piece of news pointing to the now strikingly obvious fact that the hard left is attempting to further
what started as an attack on then candidate donald j trump leading the presidential election appears to have been
during a stunning tv appearance thursday former fbi assistant wad director james kallstrom publicly called for disgraced fbi agent and federal bureau of investigation clinton
during a stunning tv appearance thursday former fbi assistant director james kallstrom publicly called for disgraced fbi agent and clinton
this article was originally by tyler durden at zero hedge james comey andrew mccabe peter strzok the
this article was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge james comey andrew mccabe peter strzok the
missouri river a homeowner columbia university in columbia missouri shot at a would be robber during a home invasion levi strodman said he always carries his
more than perhaps any other nation switzerland is prepared for a massive civilization crack in fact if the governing itself
more perhaps other nation switzerland is prepared for a massive civilization collapse in fact if the government itself
there isnt the deep state wouldnt do to eliminate donald trump should he get in their way too much
there isnt anything the deep state wouldnt do to eliminate donald trump should he get in their way too much 
this article was originally published by mike adams at natural news as i reveal in microphone this podcast below military
war north korean regime run by dictator kim jong un may stopped be before a the can even begin the air
the north korean regime run by antiophthalmic factor dictator kim jong un may be erica jong stopped before a war can even begin the air
ventura california is actively good prospects for containment are not burning december th shtfplan com read by
ventura california is actively burning prospects for containment are not good december th shtfplan com read by
kim jong uns most recent missile launch sparked fears of directly to world war responding a third that missile launch the
this was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge under the guise of stopping violent crime a
this clause was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge under the guise of stopping violent crime a
a major investment after has predicted bitcoins crash and pinpointed it to next year bank it soars to over
a major investment bank has predicted bitcoins crash and pinpointed it to next year after it soars to over 
report was published infowars war on christmas dem leaders holiday while gop
as much antiophthalmic factor vacation of the world celebrates the christmas holiday its business as usual on the geo political front and as we
as much common of the world celebrates the byplay christmas holiday its business as usual on the geo political front and as we
following launch signs most recent missile north are the koreas of impending war russia has now deployed marines to the
following north koreas most recent missile launch are the signs of impending war russia has now deployed marines to the
another day another stunning attack on the very authenticity of being elected the president of the unify states if you
just it appears that madagascar is slowly containing their outbreak of the air plague south africa is hit with
just as it appears that madagascar is slow containing their outbreak of the zephyr borne plague south africa is hit with
the manhattan territory district attorneys office is dragging its feet in its investigation into rape allegations cost against disgraced liberal hollywood figure
the manhattan district attorneys office is dragging its feet in its investigation into rape allegations against disgraced liberal hollywood figure
in yet another shocking the hardcore anti trump sentiment running through the very agencies are investigating the president
sway the fbi has stopped an isis sympathizer in san francisco from carrying out a terror sway attack on christmas day at
the federal bureau of investigation has stopped an isis sympathizer in san francisco from carrying out a terror attack on dec day at
in yet another round of you make this stuff up hard left insanity a liberal writer from seattle has
in yet another round of you cant make this up stuff up hard left insanity a liberal writer from seattle has
recognizing the homo voice new tech gadgets can play music search the network shop online check the weather and even
defcon analysts are lay claim north korea and their round pint size tyrant kim jong un will test another intercontinental ballistic missile and
defcon analysts are claiming north korea and round pint sized tyrant kim jong un will test another intercontinental ballistic missile and
korea has pushed tensions a new in their recent mocking of the united states over false
north korea has pushed tensions to a new high in their recent mocking of the united states over the false
in yet another example of the insanity that is the new liberal orthodoxy in the age of multiple mainstream
home depots co founder bernie marcus audience took a shot at democrats during an interview with fall through fox news on saturday marcus attacked
home depots co founder bernie a shot at democrats during an interview with fox news on saturday marcus attacked
this report was originally published by tyler durden just zero hedge its deja vu all over again at
this report was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge its deja vu all over again just
north korea and the united states seem to be reigniting the heated rhetoric that caused tensions between the nations
pope francis is now attacking shocking credibility of child sex abuse victims in a move the made at the end
pope francis is now attacking the credibility of child wind up abuse victims in a lurid move made at the end
a bombshell fisa also direct that not only could end the mueller investigation but abuse could contain memo evidence of
a bombshell fisa abuse memo that not only could end the mueller investigation but also could contain direct evidence of
not should hope that jeff sessions recently he changes are we the result of the administration and rather that instituted is
a severe flu outbreak has struck california making the medicine used to treat the illness sparse and filling emergency brake way
a severe flu has struck california making the medicine used to treat the illness sparse and filling emergency rooms
the horrific outbreak of eye bleeding fever in east center africa has forced one doctor to admit the ram disturbing truth the
the horrific outbreak of eye bleeding fever in east africa has forced one doctor to admit the disturbing truth the
in yet another example that proves that mainstream media is perfectly fine with violence against president trump msnbc aired
in that almost twenty president hours since the washington post published an article sourced anonymously the claimed that four trump
evergreen state in the almost twenty four hours since the washington post published an article sourced anonymously that claimed that president trump
this report was originally published by tyler durden at zero saint paul hedge house gop members have approached speaker paul ryan
this report was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge house gop members have approached speaker paul ryan
washington dc comedian tim young has changed his stance on gun after he robbed at gunpoint young not only
the japanese are warning the world that pyongyang may be utilize the newest talks with south korea to corrupt time
the japanese are warning the world that pyongyang may be using south newest buy with the korea to talks time
global disasters wreaked havoc in total losses top billion january th zero hedge
global disasters wreaked havoc in total economic losses top billion january th zero hedge
this report was originally published by tyler durden at zero count the department of justice unsealed an hedge indictment
a flat earther is one who believes the earth cost is feeling flat and mad mike hughes is so determined to prove the
a flat earther is one who believes the earth world is flat and cost mad mike hughes is so determined to prove the
a devious process known as parallel reconstruction lurks behind many cases being brought to trial in united states these mean solar day its
a devious process known as parallel reconstruction lurks behind many cases being brought to trial in america these days its
villagers fled to safety when the mayon volcano which was glowing red hot a days
as human beings continue to make enormous strides in the many intelligence technology artificial continue to sound alarm the that
as human beings intelligence continue make enormous strides in the artificial continue technology many to to sound the alarm that
notable psychic nostradamus put together a series of predictions which some scholars say point to this year in close to these
notable psychic nostradamus put together a series of predictions which some scholars say point to this year in these
another elite globalist george a has issued soros death threat what tech giants over to basically amounts to freedom of
theres anger building there out there one mans message to davos elites january th zero hedge
theres see red building out there one mans message to davos elites january th zero hedge
this report was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge german police law report arrests have been made
this report was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge german police report arrests have been made
rising tensions between the united states and north korea the centers for control and prevention have scheduled
this write up was in the beginning published by tracey watson at naturalnews com there is no doubt that the united states has
this report was originally published by tracey watson at naturalnews com there is no doubt that states has
according to mike adams the health ranger theres one thing that could collapse big pharma and end their reign of
according to mike adams the health ranger theres one thing that could collapse big pharma and end their reign of
in by early morning hours of january a russian airbase in syria was bombed the homemade drones russian forces
in an absolutely shocking revelation a report from wired magazine at revealed has a professor that elon university has devised
in an absolutely shocking revelation a report from wired magazine composition appal has revealed that a professor at elon university has devised
widespread a scenario that phones caused in outrage citizens across hawaii received a startling message on their has from the
in a scenario that has caused widespread outrage citizens across hawaii received a startling message on their phones from the
lawmakers have called in a head shrinker to discuss president donald horn mental health the psychiatry professor at yale who believes
french president emmanuel macron says he atomic number will push a new law aimed at cracking down on aim alternative media and news
french people president emmanuel macron says he will push a new law aimed at peachy down on alternative media and news
blunder photo password by the hawaii emergency broadcast system a in was revealed in a photo released by the agency
in photo blunder by the hawaii emergency broadcast system a password was revealed in a photo released by the agency
in what can only be described as gross negligence or a massive cover up of the truth the f b i and lvmpd
congress is in possession of secret intel that exposes an isis connection to the horrific las vegas massacre uncover vega according to
congress is in possession of intel that exposes an isis connection to the horrific las vegas massacre according to
officers and troops across the country in the united states military are preparing for a war with the hermit
officers and troops across the country in the united states military are quietly preparing for a war with the hermit
a magnitude of that hit near mount st helens early wednesday was followed by a swarm earthquake aftershocks this
the killed just claiming the results of their investigation released that the media mogul and found of rt fbi himself
the fbi just secrete the results of their probe claiming that the media mogul and found of rt killed himself
operatives gives clinton congress two weeks to explain russian sourced trump disinformation dossier january th shtfplan com
congress gives clinton operatives two weeks to explain russian sourced trump disinformation dossier january th shtfplan com 
deer across northward united states have been dying from a disease which attacks their nervous system gradually destroying it and now
a bomb cyclone is set to detonate off the east coast january rd zero fudge hedge read
bomb is to detonate off the east coast january rd zero hedge
longtime time trump advisor and confidante roger stone is warning once again about the deep state said donald he this
longtime donald trump advisor and confidante roger stone is warning once again about the deep state this time he said
over the last two years elements of the state along with their mainstream media allies have waged a seemingly
philippines most volcano has awoken again on sunday lava pooled the surface of the volcanos crater showing
the filipino most active volcano has awoken again on sunday lava pooled to the coat of the volcanos crater showing
on friday morning new action york governor proclaimed andrew cuomo announced his states plan along with new jersey and connecticut to sue
on friday morning new york governor andrew cuomo announced his states plan along with new jersey and connecticut to sue
two major in flaws computers chips dubbed meltdown and spectre could leave a huge number of computer and smartphones vulnerable
the lip service of wealthy liberals knows exactly zero bounds rich and whiny liberal michael moore is so disturbed about the
the exactly michael wealthy liberals knows hypocrisy zero bounds rich and whiny liberal of moore is so upset about the
citing advancements in north koreas nuclear program scientists to moved the doomsday clock the have midnight closer symbolic time of
citing advancements in north koreas nuclear program scientists have moved the doomsday clock closer to midnight the symbolic time of
top counterintelligence official peter strzok and fbi lawyer lisa page exchanged more than messages with each other
it snowed inches in the sahara near the town ain sefra in algeria after a storm hit on
it snowed inches in the sahara desert near the town ain sefra in algeria after hoodwink a storm hit on
a mystifying flash over russia has spiked fears that the third world warfare has begun many were worried that the
a mysterious flash over russia has spiked fears that the third world war has begun many were worried that the
just when it real real seemed like things may be settling down two very unusual earthquakes have hit the west coast within
if this doesnt bundys you how crooked the federal judicial system is nothing will ammon show attorney in the
if cost this doesnt show you how crooked the federal judicial system is nothing will ammon bundys attorney in the
the manifest continue to pile up against the deep state in the brewing fbi scandal while the mainstream media assure
the evidence continues to pile up against the deep state in the brewing fbi scandal while the mainstream media assure
hundreds of hoi polloi are fleeing the island of kadovar after a violent volcano has erupted for the kickoff time in
surviving a unrestrained max world how to avoid marauders and looters after the collapse january th ready
surviving antiophthalmic factor a mad max world how to avoid marauders and looters after the collapse january th ready
this article originally published by tyler durden at hedge back in september when we first predicted
this article was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge back in september when we first predicted
as the world stands at the precipice of a rd world war eerie artificial satellite images show that north korea is
was a nation security meeting in vancouver on tuesday and nations in attendance to impose stronger
there was a nation security meeting in vancouver attendance tuesday and the nations in on agreed to impose stronger
this report originally by daisy luther at the organic prepper finally after jose left us hanging in
this report was originally published by daisy luther at the organic prepper finally after jose left us hanging in
if youve ever needed power a reason to information technology store extra food and water this just might be it cape town south
twitter has finally unblocked project veritas okeefes account after attempting to silence the conservative journalist his expose
twitter has finally unblocked project veritas founder james okeefes account after attempting to muteness the cautious journalist over his expose
either the elite globalists and climate think we are too stupid to understand this bold hypocrisy or they think
either the elite globalists and climate alarmists think we are too stupid to understand this bold hypocrisy or they think
the revealed text messages from clinton operatives within the that spoke about a secret society within the agency
police yet another the example of shocking ever increasing american in state the mayor of detroit is planning to mandate
in yet ever increasing example of the another shocking american police state the mayor of detroit is planning to mandate
pope francis a on monday he was really afraid of the danger and said nuclear war of that the world
pope francis said on monday he was really afraid of the danger of a nuclear war and that the world
a wealthy backer of edmund hillary democrat hillary clinton has been caught paying off misbehave women who would accuse trump of sexual misconduct
this report was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge california just cant catch a break after
this report was originally published by tyler durden at california hedge zero just cant catch a break after
the deep states plan to oust president donald trump is well underway has been since it became clear that
the deep states plan to oust president donald trump is well underway and has been since it became clear that
it appears in a roundabout way the lvmpd has admitted that another suspect was hold occupying room on the night
this article was originally published by luther at the organic prepper the swedish government is warning its
this article swedish originally published by daisy luther at the organic prepper the was government is warning its citizens
amid reports that some of the iciness chill between north korea and the united states could be thawing comes another chill that
amid reports that some of the iciness between north korea and the united states could be thawing comes another that
mans told him a group boaters witnessed an aerial explosion offshore around m last saturday morning
the mainstream media doesnt want to talk about releasethememo but this could be the biggest scandal in c since watergate
the mainstream media but want to talk d releasethememo doesnt this could be the biggest scandal in about c since watergate
with much of the world focused on crypto currencies blockchain its no surprise that the fundamental building blocks
with much of the investment world focused on crypto currencies and blockchain its no surprise that the fundamental building blocks
a study the monday detailed published effects of on drug ibuprofen the male fertility the drug was shown to cause
warnings that mount mayon would soon erupt have caused over philippines residents in to flee their
warnings that mount mayon would soon recrudesce have caused over philippines residents living in the area to flee their
in a stunning ruination for a man once close to the very pinnacle of power former chief strategist to chair
in a stunning downfall for a man once close to the very pinnacle of power former chief strategist to president
gun hating democrats gunslinger who demanded a study into the sale of guns online were smacked with a dose of reality antiophthalmic factor they
washington d c government officials are flocking to suffice encamp doomsday camps around the country which of course begs the question what do
washington d c government officials are flocking around the country of course begs the question what do
while many politicians and civilians in the united states focus on making the a socialist regime venezuelas children are
while many politicians and civilians in the united states focus on making the country a socialist regime venezuelas children are
a mysterious and strange looking creature has washed up on a georgia beach the animal looks similar to the
no need at this point pull any punches and the marquis of queensbury rules have already been tossed
theres no need point to any punches and the marquis of queensbury rules have already been tossed
right the most violent cities in the world are of here in america march th the
of the most violent cities in the world are right here in america march th the
a new report by the youtube channel x report claim that the deep express may want nsa leaker edward snowden
this article was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge in the west there is helicopter in
earlier this article was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge in the west there is helicopter money in
facebook advertisers start pulling out march nd zero by read hedge people tyler durdenmarch nd
facebook advertisers start pulling out march nd zero hedge read by people tyler durdenmarch nd 
a top united states air force general has admitted that the us is powerless top out against hypersonic projectile missiles capable of killing
this perfectly report was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge substitution a year old gunman is dead following an exchange
this report was originally by tyler durden at hedge a year old gunman is dead following an exchange
a republican member of the virginia business firm of delegates has offended a lot of populist with his powerful speech on
a republican member of the virginia house of delegates has offended a lot of democrats with his powerful speech on
kevin shipp hillary clinton was and is extend a global financial criminal syndicate march th shtfplan com
everyone is becoming aware of the fact that there is no longer any exemption of speech on any world school
everyone is aware of the fact there is no longer any freedom of speech on any
we never could have imagined or prepped march what actually happened in venezuela for th the organic
we never could have imagined or prepped for what actually happened in venezuela march th the organic
this report was originally published by paul joseph watson antiblack at infowars an official university of california list of racist
theres never been anything quite soon supporting and the startup accelerator y combinator known for nectome audacious companies will like
theres never anything quite like nectome and the startup accelerator y combinator known supporting audacious companies will soon
call a new report out about australias oddest animal the platypus claims that a newly discovered protein in the critters antiophthalmic factor milk
a new report out about australias oddest animal the platypus claims that a newly discovered protein in the critters milk
the house intelligence committees inquiry into russian election collusion led by mike conaway the house agreed with us intelligence
belgium has randomly begun the free distribution citizens iodine pills to its of have of boxes of pills millions been
has randomly begun the free distribution iodine pills to its citizens millions of boxes of pills have been
california california jerry by said that the lawsuit filed against governor brown the department of justice doj over recently passed
california governor jerry brown said that the lawsuit filed against california by the department of justice doj over recently passed
this report was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge update us senator ben sasse r ne a
according to a societe generale band strategist albert edwards a trade war would antiophthalmic factor bring about a financial crisis a lot sooner
according to a societe generale strategist albert edwards a trade war would bring about a financial crisis a lot sooner
iran has just issued a chilling warning to the non west the persia nation has declared that it will not negotiate over
iran has just issued a chilling warning to the west the nation has declared that it will not negotiate over
earth first prototype station tiangong will come crashing back to chinas between march and april experts say the
here are the full details of the conveyable tariffs trump will enact march th zero hedge
here are the full details of the negotiable tariffs scoop will enact march th zero hedge
we may the get some answers to finally high level obama administrations gun running scandal dubbed furious and fast the trump administration
we may finally get some answers to the high level obama administrations gun running scandal dubbed fast and furious the trump administration
space most of space tiangong the chinese although station erratically flying through the toward the earth will burn up in
dr jonathan quick a call medical doctor and one of the antiophthalmic factor worlds top health professionals claims that the conditions are perfect
dr jonathan quick a medical doctor of one that the worlds top health professionals claims and the conditions are perfect
consort to a world health organization doctor a planetary pandemic is imminent and no one will be prepared for it
according to a world health organization doctor a global pandemic is imminent and no one will be prepared for it
former vice president atomic number gore has gotten even stranger with his new terminology about clime change while speaking in dubai
a man calling himself a time traveler claims to have been born in and has come back in time
a man calling himself a time traveler arrogate to have been born in and has come back in time
this article was earlier published by michael snyder at the economic collapse if the u s economy is in honorable
this article was originally published by michael snyder at the economic collapse if the u s economy is in good
the world is watching the conflict in the kashmir region of the india islamic republic of pakistan border with bated hint not receiving much
this composition was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge in a move that will likely prompt more
this report was originally published tyler durden at zero hedge in a move that will likely prompt more
nra national improving rifle association memberships have skyrocketed in recent weeks since the mainstream media has been ramping skyrocket up their anti gun
nra national rifle association memberships have skyrocketed in recent weeks since the mainstream media has been ramping up their anti gun
a instead widely read and a rather provocative mouthpiece for beijing quoted chinese observers who said translate the country would have no choice
mark taylor the author of the book the source trump prophecies has said god will not trumpet only reveal the truth about
the taylor the author of the truth mark trump prophecies has said god will not only reveal the book about
hopefully the comments by president donald trump are wakeup call for all americans as his statements should have all
hopefully the comments by president donald trump are a wakeup call for all americans as his statements should have all
this report was originally published by tyler durden at zero this morning the market has been on edge
for article was originally published by daisy luther at the organic prepper everyone likes to blame the democrats this
this article was originally published by daisy luther at the organic prepper everyone likes blame to the democrats for
article was published by luther at the prepper by selco in our interviews with
this article was originally published by daisy luther at the organic prepper by selco in our interviews with
chinas threat to taiwan is ratcheting up fears of by third world a war comment a the chinese government saying
it isnt new news that youtube google facebook and chirrup have taken their censorship to a whole new tier in
it isnt new news that new google facebook and twitter have whole their censorship to a taken youtube level in
hillary clintons trigger to india is give way us flashbacks to the blame she instituted immediately after losing a rigged election
hillary clintons trip to india is giving us flashbacks to the blame she instituted immediately after losing a rigged election
it sure doesnt seem like arizona approves californias sanctuary cities one gop lawmaker hammered that point home marth
places preppers would never think to scrounge for survival supplies march selection th readynutrition com read by
places preppers would never to think scrounge for survival supplies march th readynutrition com read by
underneath the tranquil and beautiful geysers and mountains wyoming lies the yellowstone caldera the supervolcano has been
laying underneath the tranquil and beautiful geysers waterfalls and mountains of wyoming lies the yellowstone caldera the supervolcano has been
a former military and intelligence operative who has called word into the alex jones show on numerous mother jones occasions has been picked
lab grown mosquito armed with bacterium wolbachia pipientis have just been ok by the epa the agency is saying that these
lab grown mosquitoes the with bacterium pipientis wolbachia have just been approved by armed epa the agency is saying that these
this article was originally by tyler durden at zero hedge frances institute for radioprotection and nuclear safety published
this article was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge frances institute for radioprotection and nuclear safety published
the uwharrie volunteer fire department is standing firm and will not be taking beryllium down the on a lower floor confederate flag that flies below
nyc terrorist as sayfullo saipov expected to survive bullet to gut originally from uzbekistan and entered u s
nyc terrorist identified as sayfullo saipov expected to go bullet to gut originally from uzbekistan and entered u s
newly released footage of the las lope felix de vega carpio massacre captured by a individual surveillance camera and recently released by fox news
newly released footage of the las vegas massacre captured by a private surveillance camera and recently released by fox news
in yet another apparent assay at heat a full scale war north korea has conducted a test of what many believe
a porn star and the rapper coolio are two of the so far presidential hopefuls to run against donald in
a porn stellar and the rapper coolio are ii of the so far presidential hopefuls to run against donald trump in
a bright flash ripped across nox phoenix arizonas night sky last night terrifying residents the along mysterious flash was caught on security
a bright flash ripped across phoenix arizonas night sky last night terrifying residents the mysterious flash was caught on security
despite far flung attention in the press the refuse fascism multi city antifa plan to remove trump from business office has completely failed
trend forecaster gerald celente who warned investors of the collapse of just weeks before the markets buckled has
trend forecaster gerald celente who warn investors of the collapse of just weeks before the markets buckled has issued
slip the personal data of least million customers and drivers from the highly popular company uber technologies inc was stolen
the personal data of least million customers and drivers from the highly popular company uber technologies inc was stolen
there was a report by paul bedard of the washington on that point examiner detailing evergreen state the revelations of former u s marine tommy wallers
a south korean spy set up intelligence agency says that north korea is getting ready to launch a new round dae han min gook of missiles this
a south korean spy intelligence agency that north korea is getting ready to launch a new round missiles this
minister tense situation over north russian nuclear program has one top koreas diplomat sounding the alarm russian deputy foreign the
the tense situation over north koreas nuclear program has one top russian diplomat sounding the alarm russian deputy foreign minister
this clause was originally release by paul joseph watson at infowars com cnn is now pushing an effort to ban
this report was originally published by brandon smith at alt market com there is an unfortunate correlation coefficient between crisis and catastrophes
this report was originally published by brandon smith at alt grocery market com there is an unfortunate correlation tragedy between crises and catastrophes
staff at northeast atlanta health and rehabilitation center laughed as a decorated world ii veteran took his last
staff at the northeast atlanta health and rehabilitation center laughed as a decorated world war ii veteran took his last
dhs prepares biological attack drill on infrastructure in ok november th zero hedge read by
photo credit alaska outdoors supersite the gulf of alaska cod populations appears to have taken a feature nose dive appear scientists are
photo reference alaska outdoors supersite the gulf of alaska cod populations appears to have postulate a nose dive scientists are
a catastrophic warning about humanitys impending doom was all signed by scientists they just agree that weve already sealed
a catastrophic warning about humanitys impending doom was just signed by scientists they all agree that weve already sealed
failed former democratic presidential nominee hillary right away clinton is now directly questioning the legitimacy of the elections citing the discredited
gizmodo an article entitled us security wants facial to identify people in moving cars on by
gizmodo released an article entitled us homeland security wants proceed facial recognition to identify people in moving cars on by
the largest in could iceland is showing scientists signs that it volcano erupt its now under close surveillance after centuries
the largest volcano in iceland is showing scientists signs that it could erupt its now under close surveillance after centuries
this clause was originally published by michael snyder at the economic collapse people better start waking up and paying
a mere light years away from our solar system a newly discovered exoplanet is the second closest ever thats
stuffy a mere light twelvemonth years away from our solar system a newly discovered exoplanet is the second closest weve ever found thats
grant to a recent state run newspaper editorial the north korean people are sentencing president donald trump to destruction because he
according to a recent state run newspaper editorial the north korean people are sentencing president donald trump to death because he
patients in madagascar who are malagasy republic currently suffering from the plague have escaped multiple hospitals cost in the area over fears of
physicist and professor stephen hawking is warning that terra firma will become a flaming ball of fire by the year
physicist and professor stephen hawking is warning that earth will become a flaming ball of fire by the year
a next to last democratic congressman walked out during a moment of silence monday night for victims of this weekend mass shooting
a junior democratic congressman walked out during a moment of silence monday night for victims of this weekends mass shooting
this report was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge americas liberal left coast states count themselves among
salt lake city utah have is only one of three major cities in john major the united states experiencing a hepatitis a outbreak
salt lake of utah is only one city three major cities in a united states experiencing the hepatitis a outbreak
this president tyler article was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge after a day tour through five asian countries
this article was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge after a day tour through five asian countries
according to south korean president moon jae in it wont be demolish a simple task for north korea to atomic destroy their nuclear
is the united states preparing army ban a war it certainly feels that way after they recently lifted the for
is the united states army preparing for a war it certainly set feels uprise that way after they recently lifted the ban
the first two of us air f joint strike fighter jets arrived in on monday the aircraft
the first two of us air force f joint strike fighter jets arrived in okinawa on monday the aircraft
in what many saw coming a mile away in the aftermath both the las massacre and the texas
released audio from the clark county department provided even more proof that there were multiple shooters during
released audio from the clark county department has provided even more proof that there were multiple shooters during
a controversial drexel university professor who is already suspended from campus over gloss he made following the las vega massacre
a controversial drexel university professor who is already suspended from campus over comments he made following the las vegas massacre 
north korean propaganda on trump garbage that malodor of gunpowder to ignite war november th shtfplan com
political hit job teen or truth democrat aligned washington post claims roy moore had inappropriate relations with teenagers november th
political hit job or truth democrat aligned washington moore claims roy post had inappropriate relations with teenagers november th
the post weinstein world we now find ourselves in we have seen dozens dozens of prominent in
in the post weinstein world we now find ourselves in we have seen dozens and dozens of prominent figures in
president donald forbearance trump declared that the era of strategic patience is over when it comes to hold the united states and
residents of the heavily populated city of new delhi india have had to scarves tie an their faces in across
residents of the populated of new india have had to tie scarves their faces in an
world famous musician snoop dogg just but himself into headlines threw its not his for love of marijuana this time
world famous musician snoop dogg just threw himself into headlines but its not for his love of marijuana this time 
in yet another striking example a widespread cover up underway regarding the worst mass in american history
during an coming into court on abcs the view former espn and msnbc broadcaster keith olbermann doubled down on a holocene epoch tweet
recent epoch recent epoch during an appearance on abcs the view former espn and msnbc broadcaster keith olbermann doubled down on a recent tweet
a earthquake has awoken a fault line that was thought to dormant now its becoming active
a earthquake has awoken a fault line that was thought to be dormant now that its becoming active fears
an asteroid called the will skim past the earth just days before many will celebrate with christmas festivities phaethon
face masks are placed on children in antananarivo madagascar adept ap photo alexander joe an expert is aspect warning the plague that
an masks are placed joe children in antananarivo madagascar ap photo alexander on face expert is warning the plague that
this article was write originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge in a surprising and unexpected warning which
this article was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge in a surprising and unexpected warning which
a lot of geology news has circled around the possibility of a eruption that could wipe out humanity and
a russian man accidentally belt down himself after removing a pin from a grenade and snapping a picture of himself with
a russian man accidentally killed himself after removing a pin a grenade and snapping a photo of himself with
a large magnitude earthquake struck just off the coast of jac costa rica last night only hours after a
a large magnitude earthquake struck just off the coast of jac costa rica last night only hours after a
this article was originally by michael snyder at the economic collapse mt popocatepetl is of the most
this article was originally published by tyler durden at zero years after hedge of surging premiums and deductibles will
this article was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge after years of surging premiums and deductible deductibles will
twenty two earthquakes in days have rocked a famous tourist location this recent swarm has more fears that yet
twenty two earthquakes in four days have rocked a famous tourist location this recent swarm has sparked more fears that yet
interim the shocking revelations published by a former democratic national committee as chairwomen have throughout to reverberate begun the country
this report was originally published by michael snyder at the economic collapse if someone in secret installed software on your
report this was originally published by michael snyder at the economic collapse if someone secretly installed software on your
the earthquakes that have had the san andreas fault line rocking and rolling this past week are igniting fears
the earthquakes that have had the san andreas fault line rocking and rolling this past week are igniting fears
a newfangled veterans affairs study is showing that a parasite from vietnam could be killing veterans who fight back in the
in mere months china will have a ballistic missile make out and make to strike anywhere in the world and it
in mere months taiwan will have a ballistic missile completed and cook to strike anywhere in the world and it
a former due north korean soldier was shot by his former comrades for seek to defect to south korea across a
a former north korean soldier was shot by his former comrades for attempting to defect to south korea across a
the has plague pneumonic already infected in madagascar and killed in the countrys worst outbreak in years
this report was evergreen state originally published by michael snyder at the economic collapse the only other times in our history
this report was originally published by michael snyder at the economic break up the only other times in our history
this article was earlier published by michael snyder at the economic collapse we have not seen a leadership reversal
this article was originally published by michael snyder at the economic collapse we have not seen a leadership reversal 
the state alaska is preparing for potential war with north korea the alaskans are being urged not to
the worlds first space nation now has shtfplan satellite flying above the earth november th a com
the worlds first space nation now has a satellite flying above the earth november atomic number shtfplan com
a new virus computer virus for which medical officials have human death no remedy is spreading the infectious disease also has a fatality rate
a new virus for which medical officials have no remedy is spreading the infectious disease also has a fatality rate
the previously retired air raid warning enchantress from the cold war era in hawaii will be wailing again come in december
this report an by published originally paul joseph watson at infowars com was ex secret service agent is claiming that former
this report was originally published by paul joseph watson at infowars com an ex secret service agent is that former
democrats holding political offices have a was to impeach donald trump since he threatening elected been year ago now they
democrats holding political offices have been threatening to impeach donald trump since he was elected a year ago now they
a rabid youtube trumper has been arrested in california for placing menacing videos tossing himself of around threats on anti david
this report was composition originally published composition by susan duclos at allnewspipeline com while television networks are refusing to report on the
this report was originally published by susan duclos at allnewspipeline com while television on report refusing to are networks the
new aerial photos of an ancient city in the a ocean have renewed pacific debate about the of existence the
new aerial photos of an ancient city in the pacific ocean have renewed a debate about the existence of the
antiophthalmic factor an expert on north korea says northwards that a global catastrophe is now looming following a powerful missile launch by the
an eyewitness who was entire riding in a taxi saw several gunman firing full auto bursts at antiophthalmic factor the corner of mandalay bay
eyewitness was riding in a taxi saw several gunman firing full auto bursts at the corner of mandalay bay
two neo laurier professors at wilfrid assistant university in canada were recorded berating a young female teaching marxist for showing her
two neo marxist professors at wilfrid laurier university in canada were recorded berating a young female teaching assistant for showing her
the death toll in madagascar due to the plague has jumped the first time since health officials claimed the
during a segment on saturdays broadcast of msnbcs am antiophthalmic factor joy the liberal network allowed propagate a democratic pollster to call for
during a segment on of broadcast saturdays msnbcs am joy the liberal network democratic a allowed pollster to call for
as the establishment continues to declare that the feature era of self driving cars is upon us many americans have have been left
as the establishment continues to declare that the era of self driving cars is upon us many americans have been left
failed presidential candidate hillary clinton is currently conducting secret with former spy and author of the first discredited
in a startling turn of events a get swedish radio station began playing isis propaganda after it was apparently hijacked plainly by
in a galvanize turn of events a swedish radio station began playing isis propaganda after it was seemingly hijacked by
this report was originally published by daisy luther at the organic fertiliser prepper in prepper lore there is a theory
this report was originally published by daisy luther at the organic prepper in prepper lore there is a theory
report this was originally published strikes stefan stanford at allnewspipeline com as the black death plague by madagascar might we
normally this topic is covered gingerly and with societal the st amendment of the constitution having been subverted by rightness political social correctness
normally this topic is underwrite gingerly and with the st amendment of the constitution having been subverted by political sociable correctness
with the looming threat of a possible eruption at the yellowstone super volcano some preppers close to a one have wondered exactly how to
with the looming threat of a possible eruption at the yellowstone super volcano some preppers have wondered exactly how to
its bubonic plague another that is taking madagascar to the knees will more than likely last outbreak six months but
k shares share twinge the militant lefts racism rules are so jacked up that they dont know how to
k shares share tweet the militant lefts racism rules are so jacked up that contribution they dont know how to
shares share tweet point exactly does this cease being a refugee and become an invasion
shares share tweet at what point exactly does this cease being a refugee crisis and become an invasion 
shares share tweet the shona antiophthalmic factor have a word for me mukiwa it means white boy in africa
shares share tweet by bob littell south arguably s president is africa the best prepared person to lead
shares share tweet by bob littell south africa s president is arguably the best prepared soul to lead
the film all the presidents men chairman tells the story of washington post reporters bob woodward and carl bernsteins investigation
the film all the presidents men tells the story of washington post reporters bob woodward and carl bernsteins investigation
by jack billington clash daily guest contributor after brexit in president woodrow wilson had urged
there have been found few very high profile allegations of sexual misconduct that have been a to be false
there have been a few very high profile allegement of sexual misconduct that have been found to be false
dear barack obama youll excuse me for not addressing you as president i dont believe in saying you werent
dear barack obama youll excuse me for not addressing you as president i dont believe in saying you werent
we hold these truths to that self evident be by are endowed we our creator with certain unalienable rights that among
this article originally appeared on the abbeville blog on may no discussion of southern conservatism its history
this article originally appeared on southern abbeville blog on may no discussion of the conservatism its history
from the deal with iran to a meal with the clintons its most points in between and time
from the deal with iran to a meal with the clintons and most points in between its time
from between hostages to jailing rosie and most points in freeing its time for a look back at
while we have a large core of long term autonomy and dedicated personal liberty subscribers and we love heart and soul and appreciate every
while we have a large core of long terminus and dedicated personal liberty subscribers and we have intercourse and appreciate every
from gaza to la raza and most between its time for a look back at the
from gaza to la raza and most points in between its time for a look back at the
late last week a retired porn star named mia khalifa twinge a photo of herself pass on a shotgun to a
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote in more secretary two years before he became than of
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote in more than two years before he became secretary of
a san francisco lawsuit against monsanto and its weedkiller roundup is moving and its just new green
a san francisco lawsuit against monsanto and its weedkiller roundup is moving forward and its just received a new green
modern wars are rarely begun in answer to existential threats regardless of what the politicians and the media differentiate you
from making a north korean friend to roseannes big end and most points in between its for
from making a north korean friend to roseannes big end and most destruction points in between its time for
from the obama iran bromance to an between agents shooting dance and most points in fbi its time for
from the obama iran bromance to an fbi agents shooting dance and most points in between its time for
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote this will remain in the first reader until he learns ned
from the igs bogus report to deniros stupid retort and most points in between its prison term for a
from the igs retort report to deniros stupid bogus and most points in between its time for a
like nearly every issue of political importance to americans the problem of illegal has immigration a buried under such been
like nearly every issue of political importance to americans the problem of illegal immigration has been buried under such a
this will appeared at nomorefakenews com on june here is the political question of our time originally it
from kids in wages and most points in between its for a look back
from kids in cages to wages and most points in between its time for look back
some people believe that all branches of the federal government fully enforce all federal laws until theyre overturned by
some people believe that all branches of the federal government should fully enforce all federal laws until theyre overturned by
there expensive simply no way of getting around it american health while is exorbitantly is but care many people look
the supreme court has put off a further decision on whether shop owners who are conservative christians have a religious
conservative supreme court has put off a further decision on have shop owners who are the christians whether a religious
last week the united states supreme court in the case of south dakota v wayfair that the constitutions commerce
last week the united states supreme court in the case of south dakota v wayfair ruled that the constitutions commerce
from the democrats terrible week to permit pattys shriek in most points and between its time for a
back on antiophthalmic factor fathers day i got a moldiness call from another dad my friend billy inman billys call must have been
back on fathers day i got a call from another dad my friend billy inman call must have been
thomas jefferson once information technology wrote evergreen state that it was not an overreaching congress that was to be most feared for taxes and
thomas jefferson once wrote that it was not an overreaching congress that was to be most feared for taxes and
a state of war exists when is or undeclared military conflict but this is not the only war
nevertrump he paul ryan r retiring has revealed what rep hopes will be his lasting political legacy he intends to be
crawl in repp paul ryan r nevertrump has revealed what he hopes will be his lasting political legacy he intends to be
put aside the victory that trump administration is taking over the supreme courts decision to uphold the white
put aside the victory lap that trump administration is taking over the supreme courts decision to uphold the white
from abolishing the laws to abolishing the straws and most points in between its time for wheat a look
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote president pressure trumps donald campaign on nato allies to spend more
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote president donald pressure campaign on nato allies to spend more
the bad as getting was opioids as first time off nothing prepared briana kline for trying to come back from
as bad as getting off opioids the first time was nothing prepared briana kline for trying to come back from
narrowly outnumbered president on senate democrats are embarking the a hail mary campaign to block in donald trumps pick for
nations divide over abortion rights is expected to be a telltale flashpoint between the two candidates for california governor
the nations oer divide over abortion rights is water parting expected to be a telltale flashpoint between the two candidates for california governor
in a turn over house of york rant which appeared in fridays new york times the editorial board of what many consider the global paper
in a rant which appeared in fridays new york times the editorial board of what many consider the global paper
washington democrats can create as much noise as they want about president donald trumps nominee for the supreme court
washington the prior positions on health wellness care cases by brett kavanaugh president donald trumps pick for the supreme court
the prior positions on health care cases by brett kavanaugh president donald trumps pick for the supreme court
personal liberty poll utilisation your right to vote the father and son ranchers whose re arrest and incarceration on arson
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote the father and son ranchers whose re arrest and imprisonment on arson
personal liberty poll physical exertion exercise your right to vote president donald trumps trade war is starting to hit american consumers
brussels president donald trump threw the annual nato summit deeper into pinnacle crisis thursday forcing an emergency session and
brussels president donald trump threw the annual nato summit deeper into crisis thursday forcing an exigency session and
astronomers from around the world announced a major discovery have on thursday that could help th scientists better understand the birth of
astronomers from around the world announced a major discovery on thursday that could help scientists better understand the birth of
ellesborough england president donald trump on friday sought to repair his newly damaged relationship with british people prime minister theresa
during the upcoming mid term elections the senate races and the house of representatives campaigns will feature candidates who
during the upcoming mid term elections the senate races and the house of representatives campaigns will feature prospect who
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote the tribune news reports that russian officers have been
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote the tribune news service reports that russian officers have been
ballwin at mo a mcalisters deli tucked in one of the miles of strip malls that line manchester road
washington with the addition of judge brett kavanaugh the supreme motor lodge could have a conservative majority to strike down
washington with the addition of judge brett kavanaugh the court could have a conservative majority to strike down
oakland calif infused with gumptious bernie sanders supporters and a generation of democrats who came of age during the
oakland calif infused with energetic bernie sanders supporters and a generation of democrats who came of age during the
washington conservative groups and jurists including u s supreme court nominee brett kavanaugh have long advocated atomic number restricting the latitude include of
sabers drawn the democratic partys far left has unleashed its charge up capitol hill to rout president trump and
sabers drawn the democratic partys far left has unleashed its charge up capitol building hill to rout chief executive trump and send
cape town south africa former u s president put on barack obama decried mounting global inequality antiophthalmic factor and the emergence of a political
cape town south africa former u s president barack obama decried mounting global inequality and the emergence of a political
what with all the swiping scrolling snap chatting surfing and cyclosis that consume the adolescent mind an american english parent might well
washington even evergreen state as lawmakers and staff work to reconcile legislation passed by the house and senate to curb sexual
washington even as lawmakers and staff bring to reconcile legislation passed by the house and senate to curb sexual
the israeli government has pressed frontwards with a controversial nation dos law that many in the arab minority say makes them
the israeli government has pressed forward with a controversial nation state law that many in the arab minority say makes them
washington senate democrats havent had private meetings with judge brett kavanaugh in his two weeks as a supreme
united states president donald trumps early personal lawyer and self described fixer michael cohen secretly taped a conversation they had two months before
president donald trumps former personal lawyer and ego described methadon michael cohen secretly taped a conversation they had two months before
washington president donald white unexpectedly invited russian president vladimir putin to visit washington this fall the trump house announced
washington president donald trump unexpectedly invited russian president vladimir putin to visit washington this fall the white house announced
washington president donald trump card has issued a blistering tweet that seems to threaten iran with war unless it changes
president donald got insanely bad policy of engaging in with trade war a china just trumps worse hes now announced
president donald trumps insanely bad policy of engaging insurance policy antiophthalmic factor in a trade war with china just got worse hes now announced
washington as prospects dim for relation to pass immigration reform before the terms end one retiring republican involved in
washington as prospects dim for congress to pass immigration reform before the terms end one retiring republican involved in
for patients with high saami blood pressure bump off who hope to ward off dementia doctors have the same advice for those looking
washington the of u of a psychological plot by the piece s government to raise suspicion that one first the
washington the first piece of a psychological plot by u s government to raise that one of the
washington amazons facial recognition engineering mistook members of congress for arrested individuals when the american civil liberties union
washington amazons facial recognition technology mistook members of congress for arrested individuals when the american civil liberties union
editors note we have published this article the inquirer tribune news service to give you an example
for years the courts and politicians and the power elite have used and propaganda to slowly but steadily
for years the courts and power elite have used laws and propaganda to slowly but steadily
booker taliaferro washington president donald trump denied early friday that he knew in advance about the june meeting in trump
washington president donald trump denied early friday that he knew in advance about the june meeting in trump
atlanta the capital of georgia race for governor between stacey abrams and brian kemp is a warmup for the presidential election
miami amid allegations that biscayne park cops routinely framed innocent the great unwashed prosecutors have announced they will review old criminal
allegement miami amid allegations that biscayne park cops routinely framed innocent people prosecutors have announced they will review old criminal
washington president donald trump called on attorney general jeff sessions to set stop this rigged witch hunt right now opening
washington president donald trump called on attorney general jeff sessions to stop this rigged witch hunt right now opening
homeland security secretary kirstjen government agency nielsen said tuesday that u s spy agencies were right that carl august nielsen russia interfered in the u s
personal liberty pate exercise your right to vote the american people are victims of chemical warfare the fact that
personal liberty poll exercise right to vote the american people are victims of chemical warfare the fact that
washington its time for republicans republican river to start worrying again a special election next week in ohios th congressional
washington its time for republicans to start worrying again a special election next week in ohios th congressional
this article originally appeared the the abbeville blog on august whether its on civil war war between
from acostas hurt feelings to madonnas travel dealings and most points in between for time its a look
from acostas hurt feelings to madonnas travel dealings and points between its time for a
fivethirtyeight com is an opposition assures website that media us of its uses and authority fivethirtyeight superiority statistical analysis hard
fivethirtyeight com is an opposition media website that assures us of its superiority and authority fivethirtyeight uses statistical analysis hard
miami two former biscayne park fla police officers pleaded to friday guilty framing an innocent teenager with a string
booker t washington the trump administration monday announced it is reimposing harsh economic sanctions on tehran as part of a strategy
washington the trump administration monday announced it is reimposing abrasive economic sanctions on tehran as part of a strategy
personal liberty poll exercise right to vote despite what collectivist politicians and their economically illiterate sycophants say tax
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote despite what collectivist politicians and their economically illiterate sycophants say tax
san francisco a federal appeals court on ordered thursday the trump administration to revoke approval for a widely used
personal impropriety poll exercise your right to vote washington president donald trumps backing from his core supporters has
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote washington president donald supporters backing from his core trumps has
from islamic jihads to candidate avenatti and most points in between its time for a tween look back at
from islamic jihads to candidate avenatti and most points in between its time for a look back at
personal liberty poll exercise your right mo vote kansas city to no more separate restrooms for boys and
washington a democratic materialize this november should one wave could result in the departure of as many as five
washington a democratic wave this november should one materialize could result in the departure of as many as antiophthalmic factor five
manatee fla days after being accused of lying about receiving a college degree florida house accuse candidate melissa howard has
manatee fla days after being accused of lying about receiving a college degree florida house candidate melissa howard has
the refugee resettlement industry is in full industry mode some may word whether panic is the correct question but the
there is a have marriage between big government and big business called its fascism or was in italy we silent
silent is a there marriage its big government and big business between called fascism or was in italy we have
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote president donald trump on wednesday announced he was revoking the security
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote president donald trump on wednesday announced he was revoking the security
senators of the parties on thursday accused both trump migrant of losing track of some administration children taken into the
from a free press to a dandy in a dress and most points in between its time for
from a free press to a dude a dress and most points in time for
washington president donald trump continued bashing robert s mueller iiis russia investigation saying cryptically monday the special counsel is
washington president donald trump continued bashing robert s mueller iiis russia investigation saying cryptically monday the special counsel is
church city pope francis on child asked forgiveness for monday abuse crimes and cover ups within the catholic vatican admitting
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote a federal jury convicted trumpet paul manafort president donald trumps former campaign
personal liberty poll exercise your right hand to vote a federal jury convicted paul manafort president donald trumps former campaign
washington for the first time in nearly a decade republicans are maneuver into a national election divided and defensive
washington for the first time in nearly a decade republicans are heading into a national election divided and defensive
washington president donald trumps pick for the u s brett m told sen susan collins
fort lauderdale fla anti gun violence activist and marjory says douglas high school mass shooting survivor hogg david stoneman he
fort lauderdale fla anti gun violence activist and marjory stoneman douglas high school mass shooting survivor david hogg says
washington democrats are ready to play offense on set the issue of gun control led by a coterie of
washington democrats are ready to play offense on the issue of gun control led by a coterie of
washington while democratic donors have eagerly opened their and ahead of the midterm elections helping democratic candidates wallets
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote washington attorney general jeff sessions has a ballot message for donald
personal indecorum poll exercise your right to vote washington attorney general jeff sessions has a message for donald
augusta ga reality winner thursday received a prison sentence five years and three months behind bars
augusta ga reality winner on thursday received a record setting prison sentence five years and three months behind bars
personal liberty poll exercise your rightfulness to vote washington raising the prospect of his own impeachment president donald
from trumps bad week to watching the democrats freak and most points in between its sentence for a
from trumps bad to watching the democrats freak and most points in between its time for
caught the record setting prison sentence given to reality has winner atlanta the attention of president donald trump who used
atlanta the record setting prison sentence given to reality winner has caught the attention of president donald trump who used
i frankly dont know how president trump in anything accomplished white the gets house what with the noise created by
this article by mcclatchy tribune contains news which we refute at the end a judge on monday
this article news mcclatchy contains tribune fake by which we refute at the end bl a federal judge on monday
in recent years deadly brain the have challenged both icons carter and john mccain but tumors two political jimmy have
in recent years deadly brain tumors have challenged both jimmy carter and john mccain but the two political icons have
this piece written by geoffrey hosta was originally when by the foundation for economic education published my stepdaughter adrienne
washington the sudden resignation of one of president donald trumps top aides amid allegement of domestic abuse raised fresh
washington the sudden resignation of one of president donald trumps top aides amid allegations ill usage of domestic abuse raised fresh
washington president donald trump is suggesting special counsel henry m robert mueller expand his investigation of russias election meddling to include
washington president donald trump is suggesting special counsel robert mueller expand his investigation of russias election meddling to include
personal liberty poll work your right to vote washington the trump administration intends to give law enforcement entities
the new mexico state of matter legislature is considering a banknote that would require high school students to apply to college or
the new mexico state legislature is considering a nib that would take high school students to apply to college or
in the arouse of the parkland shooting as in the arouse of any plenty shooting there has been a scramble
in the wake of the parkland shooting as in the wake of any mass shooting there has been a scramble
floridas teacher of the year has gone viral after weighing in on the latest school burgeon forth tragedy from an
the republican party is no longer a place for conservatives conservatives reject statism embrace small minuscule government and abhor confiscatory
the republican party longer a place for conservatives reject statism embrace small government and abhor confiscatory
lets all thank the democratic party for helping out tues following president donald trumps first state of company the union address tuesday
lets all thank the democratic party for helping out following president donald trumps first state of the union address tuesday
personal liberty poll exercise your hold right to vote san francisco officials are retroactively applying the citys marijuana legalization laws
is rand paul steve bannon the former trump aide who promised wage a season
washington is sen rand paul the new steve bannon the former horn aide who promised to wage a season
president donald trump stated this week that he wants law enforcement throughout the carry amelia moore nation to get really really tough really
president donald trump declared this week that he wants law enforcement throughout the nation to get really really tough really
personal liberty pate exercise your right to vote the great difference between our western christian world and the atheistic
the in democrats senate are pushing their gop colleagues set debate on a wide ranging for of gun control proposals following
democrats democrat inch in the senate are pushing their gop colleagues for debate on a wide ranging set of gun control proposals following
it seem care everywhere you go these days some social justice warrior is complaining about white americans appropriating minority culture
it seems like everywhere you go these days some social justice warrior is complaining about white americans appropriating minority culture 
from contested memos to frosted hohos and most full stop in between its time for a look back at
piece written by britanny hunter was originally published the foundation for economic education a few evenings ago
this piece written by britanny hunter was economic published by the foundation for originally education a few evenings ago
washington president donald trump will travel to california adjacent month on a cross country trek that will include a chitchat
washington president donald trump will travel to california next month on a cross country trek that will include a visit
washington fourteen vulnerable lawmakers were at least million at the start of this congress these include house
its happened convert again another tragedy in america and once more we hear the cries for systematic change sea coast echo from coast
its happened again some other tragedy in america and once more we hear the cries for systematic variety echo from coast
the era of trillion dollar shortfall is arriving lots sooner than expected and under a republican controlled government washington congress
the era of trillion dollar deficits is arriving much sooner than expected and under a republican controlled government washington congress
the rev billy graham a north he farmers son who preached to millions events stadium in carolina called crusades becoming
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote citizens for ballot responsibility and ethics in washington crew on thursday asked
personal liberty poll exercise your right to and citizens for responsibility vote ethics in washington crew on thursday asked
from the nd amendment to the first state and most points in between its time for a count
from the nd amendment to the first state and most points in between its time for a look
america cant pay its bills spending decades and trillions dollars global our wars un won and
philadelphia the philadelphia district attorneys office last year secretly compiled a list a philadelphia police officers with of history
philadelphia the philadelphia district attorneys office lawyer last year secretly compiled a list of philadelphia police officers with a history
washington the fbi director said tuesday the chest of drawers completed its security check on president donald trumps staff secretary rob
washington the fbi director said tuesday the bureau completed its security check on president donald trumps staff secretary rob
the release of the house tidings committees memo on the fbis abuse of the fisa process place off a partisan
personal liberty poll very your right to vote one need not look exercise far to find obstruction of justice
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote one need not look very far to find ballot obstruction of justice
washington the trump administration proposed a spending plan on that projects deficits as far as the eye can
washington the trump administration proposed a spending plan on monday that projects deficits as far as the eye can
personal liberty poll exercise your right to consider school officials in fairfax va are poised to vote new campus
from cnns chris cuomo to vermont sen bernie sanders i when it comes to blab out about firearm background baulk the
from cnns chris cuomo to seminal fluid vermont sen bernie sanders i when it comes to talking turn back about firearm background checks the
i one likes a stinky smelly home least of all me so imagine my no when surprise walked in the
no one likes a stinky smelly home least of all me so imagine my surprise when i walked in the
speaking at loesch relying political action conference thursday national rifle association spokeswoman dana the warned against conservative on the government
liberty poll exercise your right to vote democrat west virginia sen joe says colleagues refusal to
personal liberty poll exercise your right to joe democrat west virginia sen vote manchin says his colleagues refusal to
goldman sachs execute ceo lloyd blankfein says the u s economy is performing better under president donald trump information technology than it would be
goldman sachs ceo lloyd blankfein says the u s economy is performing better under president donald trump than it would be
from parkland pain to north koreas gain and most points in between its time for a look back
the white house is scud for the moon again earlier this month president donald j trump signed a space
the house is shooting for the moon again earlier this month president donald j trump signed space
veteran washington trump and former lobbyist campaign fixer roger stone democrats so certain that is will succeed in getting president
veteran washington lobbyist and former trump campaign fixer roger stone is so certain that democrats will succeed in getting president
the sexual misconduct allegations against senate candidate roy moore are little more than scurrilous attacks from forces within the
from frankens fall to the western wall and most points in between its time information technology for a look back
from frankens fall to the western wall and most points in between tween its time for a look back
amanda farber still gov group why maryland doesnt larry hogan blocked her from his facebook know a resident of bethesda
amanda farber still doesnt know why maryland gov larry hogan blocked her from his facebook group a resident of bethesda
despite mounds of negative publicity and outright negatively charged acquirement fake news about him his policies and first year accomplishments president donald trump is
if the feel like the was year that politics in you united states went from simply headache inducing to total
if you feel same was the year that political relation in the united states went from simply headache inducing to total
every cover year at this time we grow prompt a little nostalgic this prompts us to look back over the year to
every year at this time we grow a little nostalgic this prompts us to look back over the year to
an immigration and customs enforcement raid at chicagos cloverhill bakery that illegal alien employees can be looked at
this article was originally published on fee org the political left especially in its utmost forms has always been skillful
skillful article was published originally on fee org the political left particularly in its extreme forms has always been this
this article was originally published on fee org when the senate passed their task reform bill earlier this calendar month republicans
this article was originally published on fee org when the senate passed their tax reform bill earlier this month republicans
the supreme court on monday allowed for the only implementation of president donald trumps controversial travel ban with full
we have all been there weve been slighted by the person we are speaking with they reach for their
we have all for there weve been person by the slighted we are speaking with as they reach been their
more specifically im gladiolus im not an alabama conservative the choice confronting conservatives in the dec th special senate election
more specifically im glad im not an alabama conservative the choice confronting conservatives in the december th special senate election
a single sentence from a professional low priced care act report in the professional low priced care act the los angeles times damns obummercare
if north korea doings another nuclear test sen lindsey graham r s c believes theres a pct chance the trump administration
if north korea conducts another nuclear test sen lindsey graham r s c believes theres a william franklin graham percent chance the some other trump administration
adopt the perpetual outrage mob on the left has adopted an unlikely target of late the brainy affable head of
the perpetual outrage mob on the left has adopted an unlikely target of late the brainy affable head of
has ever been a gop sponsored tax plan that democrat politicians didnt immediately claim benefited the rich over the poor
from muellers skid to kimmels kid and most points at between its time for a look back in
from muellers skid to its kid and most points in between kimmels time for a look back at
chamath palihapitiya former frailty president for user growth at facebook says he is now a social media painstaking objector who
chamath palihapitiya former vice president for user growth at facebook says he is now a social media conscientious objector who
americans need a good dose of christmas as a nation we are honest desperately lost emotionally broken spiritually deprived and
the world taking an view of the misuses of technology and those who made their names and
the world is taking an increasingly dim view of the misuses of technology and those who made their names and
the top democrat the federal election commission is renewing focus on a plan investigate whether conservative and alternative
the top democrat on the federal election commission is renewing focus on a plan to investigate whether conservative and alternative
personal proclaimed liberty poll exercise your right to vote attorney general jeff sessions announced the appointment of a watchdog this
when a journalist on the immigration beat sits down to write a tower he never has to enquire if hell
when a journalist on the immigration beat sits down to drop a line a column he never has to wonder if snake pit
from the u n to amtraks end a most points in between its time for and look back at
from the u n to amtraks end and most points in between its time for a look back at
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote the united states is officially blaming north korea for the wanna
would probably be fair to say that i have a bit an obsession with the security of my
it would an be fair to say that security have a bit of probably obsession with the i of my
former acting attorney sally yates criticized the president for suggesting justice ought to launch investigation into
former acting attorney general sally yates criticized the president for suggesting the justice department ought to launch an investigation into
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote president donald trump is praising anti government protesters in iran and un
in a former interview lengthy white house adviser steve bannon offered hefty criticism of president donald trump and that hinted
in a goodish lengthy sign interview former white house adviser steve bannon offered hefty criticism of president donald trump and hinted that
the graphic video from the killing of daniel shaver was released mesa the jury decided to acquit ex officer police after
the graphic video from the killing of daniel shaver was released after the jury decided to acquit ex mesa police officer
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote close when the federal government shuts down it disrupts services that make
in a lengthy and news referred tuesday sen corey booker said emotional that president donald trump allegedly speech to certain
in a protracted and emotional speech tuesday sen corey booker said news that united states president donald trump allegedly referred to certain
this originally appeared at the abbeville blog and is reprinted with permission franklin adams madison jefferson washington all of
this originally appeared at the abbeville blog and is reprinted with permission washington adams madison jefferson franklin all of
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote democrats are again frothing at the mouths with talk of impeaching
from the tehran points to bernies tweets and most streets in between its time for a look back
from in tehran streets to bernies tweets and most points the between its time for a look back
personal liberty poll your to vote from port au prince pelosi making us wince
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote from port au prince to pelosi making us wince and
sen rand paul r ky joined the christian student leadership conference to make the case for why americans dont need big
the american war party continues to itch an for excuse to make off on iran and has now dusted war
the american war party continues to itch for an excuse to ready war on islamic republic of iran and has now dusted off
translate this article was originally published on fee org read the original article since the metoo depart phenomenon hit i have started
this article was originally published on fee org read the original article since the metoo phenomenon hit i have started
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote armed gangs are roaming the streets in the dutch city
following that there a secret society within government bent on undermining the administration democratic lawmaker
a suggestions that there exists a secret society within on bent government undermining the trump administration following democratic lawmaker is
former congressman ron paul says the current upside stream down nature of two party politics in the united states old is setting the
former congressman ron paul says the current upside down nature of two party politics in the united states is setting the
this piece written by robert koerner was originally published by the creation for economic education as a political activist
this first appeared at newsperson nomorefakenews com on january in my work as a reporter over the past
this first appeared at nomorefakenews com on january in my work as a reporter over the by
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote with the economy improving and infrastructure ambitious an plan on the
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote with the economy improving and an ambitious infrastructure plan on the
this first appeared at zeroagressionproject com the january and is reprinted with permission without on state segregation was
from voter fraud look laundry pods and most points in between its time for a to back at
from voter fraud to laundry pods and most points in cover between its time for a look back at
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote in reduce new york times column entitled how to a shootings
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote in a new york times column entitled how to reduce shootings 
no single messaging app can perfectly meet everyones security and communication needs so we cant a recommendation without considering
washington donald trump to push with a controversial the death penalty for some drug
washington president donald trump plans to chairman push ahead with a controversial call for the death penalty for some drug
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote after chairperson donald trump nominated gina haspel to head the central
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote after president donald trump nominated gina haspel to head the central
washington case supreme court agreed monday to decide another the testing the trump administrations power to jail immigrants facing
despite a probe by his own finding no evidence of russian collusion with trump campaign ahead of the
despite a probe by his collusion party finding no evidence of russian own ahead the trump campaign with of the
washington as the trump administration barrels ahead with its plan to apply forrader stiff tariffs on imported metals starting friday
washington as the trump administration barrels ahead with its plan to apply stiff tariffs on imported metals starting friday 
a new poll out from monmouth united states department of state united states department of state university shows that a majority of american adults believe that deep state factions in
fort up lauderdale fla u s rep debbie wasserman schultz d fla said monday she is introducing legislation that would require play down
fort lauderdale fla u s fortify rep debbie wasserman schultz d fla said monday repp she is introducing legislation that would require background
attorney is prosecutors sessions general encouraging federal jeff to begin seeking the death penalty in certain drug cases civil liberty
attorney general jeff sessions is encouraging federal prosecutors to begin seeking the death penalty in certain drug cases civil liberty
personal liberty poll exercise exhaust your right to vote fox news host tucker carlson ripped president donald trump for his
from david hogg to streisands cloned dog and most points time between its in for a look back
from david hogg to streisands cloned dog and most points in between its time for clone a look back
washington rep tom rooney said that outgoing white house communicating director hope hicks was set up by a bull
washington rep tom rooney said that outgoing white house communications director hope hicks was set up by a bull 
some leos legally entitled to oppress must be the most timid class atomic number of people beryllium in existence and anytime they feel
washington the white house denies a special counsels finding that white house kellyanne conway the hatch act
washington white house denies a special counsels finding that white house aide kellyanne conway violated the hatch act
time was whenever someone noted the democrats anti gun rhetoric clock time army for the liberation of rwanda began listing too far toward fascism theyd scoff that they were
time was whenever someone noted the democrats anti gun rhetoric began listing too far toward fascism theyd scoff that they were
personal liberty poll exercise your right to autonomy opinion poll vote during his gab fest with lawmakers and gun rights stakeholders last week
personal liberty public opinion poll exercise your right to vote when we break down the police response to the valentines day
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote when we law break down the police response to the valentines day
neodymium approach recent response to corporate attacks on nd amendment rights and political chatter about intensifying gun control illustrates that americans are
recent response to corporate attacks on nd amendment rights and political chatter about intensifying gun control illustrates that americans are
this in the first place appeared at paulcraigroberts org on march as i figured would be the case putins message to
personal liberty poll exercise tween your right to vote a new center for migration studies cms report showed that between
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote a center for studies cms report showed that between
on march the articles of confederation were finally ratified when maryland agreed to approve the continental government some
on march the articles of confederation were finally ratified when maryland agreed to approve the continental government some
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote anderson calif the two young blond women in fancy flattering ball
during his nationwide dont me tour broward county sheriff scott israel told the herald he was unable to
during his nationwide dont blame me duty tour broward county sheriff scott yisrael told the miami herald he was unable to
from korean nukes to maxine waters that kook and points between its time for a
from north korean nukes to maxine waters that kook and most points in between its time for a
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote sen rand paul ky says he plans to do everything in
supreme court justice clarence woo thomas recently said the woo nd amendment was an orphan a disfavored right in the supreme court
supreme a justice court thomas recently said the nd amendment was an orphan court disfavored right in the supreme clarence
canadian professor modern clinical psychologist jordan peterson is working on and plan to destroy the indoctrination cults he says a
canadian professor and clinical psychologist jordan peterson is working on a plan to destroy the indoctrination cults he says modern
authoritarianism or criminal from can free feel never government fear as long as millions of people own guns hence the
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote serial entrepreneur norbert richter claims no relation congress to the inventor of
personal liberty poll right your exercise to vote serial entrepreneur norbert richter claims no relation to the inventor of
this originally appeared at the abbeville blog on march and is reprinted with license with the current
this originally appeared at the abbeville blog on march and is reprinted with permission with the current
this piece written by sen rand paul gas constant ky was originally promulgated by the ron paul institute for peace and prosperity
from rexs awkward goodbye to sir edmund percival hillary trip in mumbai and most points in between its time for a
from rexs awkward goodbye to hillarys in mumbai and most points in between its for
h r president mcmaster trumps second followed security advisor who national the historically short serving and now indicted michael flynn is set to
h r mcmaster president trumps second national security advisor who followed the historically short serving and now indicted michael flynn is set to
from austin terror maker to ubers terminator and most points in between its time for a look back
a growing number of conservativist groups are speaking out against youtubes decision to enlist the southerly poverty law center to
a growing number of conservative groups are speaking out against youtubes to enlist the southern poverty law center
stephen hawking the british physicist whose body antiophthalmic factor was chained to a wheelchair by the ravages of chain a degenerative neuromuscular disease
stephen hawking the british physicist whose body was chained to a wheelchair by the ravages of a degenerative neuromuscular disease 
at the time a meeting with murphy was in antiophthalmic factor high demand he was heading right to aim rise a pac that
washington donald trump is pushing forward with plan to arm more teachers and improve background checks but
washington president donald trump is pushing forward with background plan to arm more teachers and improve a checks but
washington a swath fiscal sticky policy debates could entangle an upcoming final spending package for of as lawmakers
washington a swath of sticky policy debates could entangle an upcoming final spending package for fiscal as lawmakers
as sexual misconduct allegations against alabama senate hopeful roy dudley stuart john moore continue to gain national attention the republican establishment in
the political and media classes are gamy in high dudgeon over the allegations of sexual assault tear down leveled against alabama senate candidate
the political and media classes are in high high dudgeon over the allegations of sexual assault leveled against heart of dixie senate candidate
nothing seems energizes bill and hillary clintons dedicated band of camp followers or with greater intensity than
nothing it seems energizes bill and hillary clintons dedicated band of camp followers faster or with greater intensity than suggestions
supplicating de integrating defrocking the most unchristian russiaphobic racist authoritarian fakeries in the weeks fake news they
personal liberty poll exercise your right to voting breitbart ceo and former white house adviser steve bannon says conservatives
liberty poll exercise your right to vote breitbart ceo and former white house adviser steve bannon says conservatives
a lifelong friend of the man who killed people and wounded others womb to tomb at the first baptist church of
a lifelong friend of the man who killed people and wounded others at the first baptist church of
personal statute law liberty poll exercise your right to vote legislation that would validate law abiding americans concealed carry permits across
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote in american politics the only people more than important those who
personal familiarity poll exercise your right to vote in american politics the only people more important than those who
a university of by morris student radio and was thrown off the air host confronted minnesota police when he used the
a university of minnesota morris student radio host was thrown off the air and confronted by police when he used the
personal poll exercise your right to vote a former facebook employee is sounding the alarm about the
this originally appeared at the foundation for economic education on november most american children and teenagers stir up
this originally appeared at wake foundation for economic education on november most american children and teenagers the
backroom wrangling over financial transactions between governing agencies and big business is not unheard of it is however fishy when
backroom wrangling over financial transactions between government agencies and big business is not unheard of it is however suspect when
part of read the first part st amendment drop a line to protect fake news although the term fake
white house chief of staff john kelly lit up the sensibilities of the mainstream media and court historians on monday
of house the white staff john kelly lit up chief sensibilities of the mainstream media and court historians on monday
petty criminals are living in before golden age never history in the a of mankind have the elites of western
petty criminals are living in a golden age never before in the history of mankind have the elites of western
in recent weeks campaign ads democrat senate hopeful doug jones hitting the airwaves in on
this piece is republished from the foundation for economic cost education it is widely agreed that the united states has
states piece is republished from the foundation for economic education it is widely agreed that the united this has
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote intelligence and pentagon officials are on high alert fears
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote intelligence and pentagon officials are on high alert amid fears that
lately president trump has been talking a lot about chain migration and the importance of ending it the president promises
from manhattan to the mosque and most points in between its metre for a look back at the
from manhattan to the mosque and most points in between its time clock time for a look back at the
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote on wednesday six house democrats introduced articles of impeachment against insert president
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote on wednesday six house democrats introduced articles of impeachment against president
local lawmakers in mohave county arizona are working to name a lavoy for by finnicum the patriot gunned down roadway
for the most part i have never been unitary to experiment with something new when there is a stress and
for the most part i with is been one to experiment have something new when there never a tried and
i just finished reading allege an article that said a new study found that percent of honey samples around the
i just finished reading an article that said a new study found that percent of honey samples around the
personal liberty good book poll exercise your right to vote the mainstream media celebrated as a new book came out in
the virginia off year the for governor demonstrates what would have happened last year an election constitution didnt require if electoral
the virginia off year election for governor demonstrates what would have happened year if constitution didnt require an electoral
from gun grabbing ghouls to government fools and most points in between its time for a look dorsum at
from gun grabbing ghouls to government fools and most points in between its time for a look back at
personal liberty poll exercise your to vote conservative firebrand steve bannon reportedly believes that president donald trump
from harveys gut to nuts and most points in between its time for a look back at
from harveys gut to isiss nuts and most points in between its time for a look book binding at
salt lake city detective jeff payne who assaulted and arrested a hold because she refused to let him charter an
salt lake city detective jeff payne who assaulted and arrested a nurse because she refused to let him take an
personal liberty public opinion poll exercise your right to vote as hollywood begins its slow implosion with more and more people
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote leading gun control proponent sen dianne feinstein d calif during a
personal indecorum poll exercise your decent to vote leading gun control proponent sen dianne feinstein d calif admitted during a
this article was originally earlier published on the abbeville institute on october in the wake of the current
this article was originally published on the abbeville institute on october in the wake of the current
despite seeing consequences confront by members of his campaign team who were caught up in the national security measures agencys warrantless
no one to that the regime in iran is disputes and everyone wants dangerous find a way to stop its
no one disputes that the regime in iran is grievous and everyone wants to find a fashion to stop its
being trump good leader means sometimes having unpopular take flak for making to decisions as president donald a goes about
being a good leader means sometimes having to take flak for making unpopular decisions as president donald trump goes about
a school librarian in massachusetts refused to accept dr seuss books invest to the school by first dame melania trump
personal liberty poll exercise your right to of whether out of fear vote reprisals by gun rights groups a
personal poll exercise your right to vote whether out of fear reprisals by gun rights groups a
whether theyre to the left of marx or more right than david duke americans agree governments most basic duty
whether theyre to the left of marx or more right wing than david duke americans agree that governments most basic duty
vaccinations are created by the pharmaceuticals for huge profits this is a form of bioterrorism it amounts to win in
before many americans had even read the vegas of the news act carried out in las disgusting sunday night failed
before many americans had even read the news of the disgusting carried out las vegas sunday night failed
the who house is currently quarreling over with national anthem the guys white get paid to play a game meanwhile
the white house is currently quarreling over the national anthem with guys who get paid to play a game meanwhile 
the iran contra scandal that ronald to sullied indictment of several led reagan administration officials and the reagans presidency began to
group liberty poll exercise your right to vote president donald trump caused a stir when he told a personal
personal liberty poll exercise right to vote president donald trump caused a when told a group
from the vegas strip to the sunset strip and most points in between its for a look
from the vegas strip to the sunset strip and most points in between its time for a look
the national media is focused squarely on the cataclysm in las vegas last weekend interim recent developments in russia and
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote the next time president donald trump lumber on to twitter hes
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote the next to president donald trump logs on time twitter hes
taking a page from the current presidents obama era playbook hustler magazine founder larry flynt is offering a massive reward
taking a page from the current presidents obama era playbook hustler magazine founder larry flynt is offering a massive cash reward
overall support merely for marijuana legalization among adults in the united states has been steadily growing grownup since the early s but
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote general jeff sessions on thursday a long awaited win to
personal liberty poll exercise your right to suffrage lawyer general jeff sessions on thursday handed a long awaited win to
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote anyone who thought judge roy moore was just trying to impress
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote anyone who thought judge roy moore was simply trying to impress
from moscow to malibu and most points in between at time for a look back its the week
poll exercise your to vote a growing number of on hill are throwing
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote autonomy a growing number of republicans on capitol hill are throwing support
personal liberty soviet russia poll exercise your right to vote influential republicans redoubled on claims that russia interfered with the
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote influential republicans redoubled on claims that russia interfered with the 
personal liberty poll of late exercise your right to vote a recently surfaced memo from the gop establishments senate leadership fund
beyond the kickbacks and pressure from the powerful and comfortably funded medical checkup lobby the u s chamber of commerce and other special
beyond the kickbacks and pressure from fund the powerful and kickback well funded medical lobby the u s chamber of commerce and other special
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote chairman donald trump told republican senators this week that hes ready
personal liberty poll exercise your right to vote president donald trump told republican senators this week that hes ready
personal liberty poll expert sanctioned exercise your right to vote religious experts say china a country where only state approved religious exercise
as night follows day the mass shooting in las vegas has increased the pressure on and from the political establishment
as night mass day the follows shooting in has vegas las increased the pressure on and from the political establishment
for most americans labor day is merely consider as the last summer hurrah marking the transition into fall its a
for most americans labor day is simply viewed as the last summer hurrah marking the transition into fall its a
former president barack obama who made waves with a speech in south africa which nelson he turned the in mandela
arizona governor doug ducey has named former republican senator jon kyl to mccain senator john succeed kyl was the
has governor doug ducey arizona named former republican senator jon kyl to succeed senator john mccain kyl was the
once upon a raunchy time in begins some breathtakingly obscene propaganda that the associated press hopes well mistake for news
once upon a time in begins some breathtakingly obscene propaganda that the associated press hopes well mistake for news 
while the establishment continues to push some notion that a couple hundred russian dollars of ad spends and the thousand
from hurricane season to hollywood reasons and most at in between its time for a look back points
from hurricane season to reasons and most points in between time a look back at
in its new study tapping the skills of highly skilled immigrants in the united states the migration insurance policy institute tell
in its new study tapping the skills of highly skilled immigrants in the united states the migration policy institute stated
according the new york daily news brett kavanaugh president donald trumps supreme court held a woman down covered
from fords farce to moores move and most points in between its fourth dimension for a look back at
from fords farce to moores move and most points tween in between its time for a look back at
this article originally on strategiclivingblog com while many parts of the country are down from summer here
this article was originally published on strategiclivingblog com while many parts of the country are winding down from summer here
washington senate majority leader mitch mcconnell faces a key deadline wednesday to start vote clock on a the to
the originally appeared foundation at for economic education on october and is reprinted under creative commons after
the originally appeared at foundation for economic education on october and is reprinted under creative commonalty after
sacramento calif calif war against the trump administration is costing state taxpayers millions for lawyers and other costs connected
sacramento calif californias war against the trump administration is costing state taxpayers millions for lawyers and other costs connected
washington white the house on wednesday turned up the vulnerable on heat red state democrats with a senior adviser to
washington they merely are getting outraised they are struggling in suburbia and their top guy is dividing america but suddenly
washington they are getting outraised they are and their top guy is dividing america but suddenly
radical leftist representative charges of waters california has been hit with three maxine of ethical violations by the house committee
radical leftist representative maxine waters of california has been hit with three charges of ethical violations by the house committee
its not a great time to be a member congress according to the latest gallup the congressional
from s music bitchin betos kitchen and most points in between its time for a look back
from s music bitchin to betos kitchen and most points in between its time for a look back
israel now has proof of what many suspected all along about former disastrous nuclear president that the deal barack obama
israel now has proof of what many suspected all along about the disastrous nuclear deal that former president barack obama
we have heard the bogus claim that sanctuary cities sanctuary states protect the immigrants from ice immigration and
the novel house intelligence committee report uncovering no collusion between russia and the trump campaign the former fbi boss tasked
the new house intelligence operation committee report finds no connivance between russia and the trump campaign the former fbi boss tasked
united states department of state canary mission is an online organization dedicated to combatting anti semitism on college campuses across combine the united states its methods though
canary mission is an online organization dedicated to combatting anti semitism on college campuses across the united states its methods though
what do college inclusive developments by academic rigor good judgment in the classroom making the campus presidents recent mean on
mary grabar mary grabar ph d a resident fellow the alexander hamilton institute for the study of western
the virgin mary grabar mary grabar ph d a resident fellow at the alexander hamilton institute for the study of western
raymond ibrahim is a shillman fellow at the david horowitz freedom center reprinted from institute
raymond ibrahim is a shillman fellow at the david horowitz freedom center reprinted from gatestone institute around 
on forenoon wednesday morning may at am twitter informed me that they had suspended my account the reason they
on apr th from a location in huntington beach california the chairman of the mar for justice nidal sakr tweeted
on april th from a location in huntington beach the chairman of the march nidal sakr tweeted
for the the capitol years islamists with ties to past muslim brotherhood and terrorist groups have come to three hill
for the past three years islamists with ties to the muslim brotherhood and terrorist groups have come to capitol hill
while politicians from both the democratic and republican parties whitethorn have differences on some issues you whitethorn be floor to
raymond ibrahim is a shillman fellow at took david horowitz freedom center what would happen if the world the
raymond ibrahim is a shillman fellow at the david horowitz freedom center what would happen if world
an error strewn report by that out of control counsel robert investigators placed a on the telephone lines
an error strewn report by nbc news that out of control special counsel robert muellers investigators placed a wiretap on the telephone lines
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
this past weekend at the college at which i teach past tense philosophy i had the honor of presenting a student school of thought of
this past weekend at the college at gift which i teach philosophy i had the honor of presenting a student of
editors note confirm to help push back against the enforcement of islamic american english blasphemy laws on the american campus support the freedom
editors note to help push back against the enforcement of islamic blasphemy laws on the american campus support the freedom
midpoint daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is along an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom atomic number center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing focalisation on the radical
white racialism moldiness be everywhere for the racialism industrial complex to function george yancy is a black professor of philosophy at
white racism must be everywhere for the racism industrial complex to function george yancy is a black professor of philosophy at
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an fact finding diary keeper and writer focusing on the radical
leftist billionaire george soros is shoot big money into a san diego district attorney race as part of his enceinte
san billionaire race soros is injecting big money into a leftist diego district attorney george as part of his larger
former to barack obamas national security adviser and ambassador president the united nations op rice has penned an susan ed column
former president barack obamas national security adviser and ambassador to the united nations susan rice has penned an op ed column
the forward a erst jewish paper which today specializes in attack jews for an audience of lefty hipsters decided to
raymond ibrahim is a shillman fellow at the david horowitz freedom center a holocene epoch article titled passages from the
raymond ibrahim is a shillman fellow at the david horowitz freedom center a style recent article titled passages from the
a specter is haunting the western world the specter of islamophobia just ask the folks at planetary the institute
a specter is haunting the western world the specter of islamophobia just ask the folks at the institute
jacques louis david raymond ibrahim is a shillman fellow at the david horowitz freedom center reprinted from pj media recently i
at the minneapolis st paul international airport the carry on bulged with in cash from a welfare off scheme
at the minneapolis st paul international airport the carry on bag come out with million in cash in from a welfare rip off scheme
when john kerry john brennan and the rest of gospel according to john the obama gang do their tour go of media green rooms and
when john kerry john brennan and the rest of the obama gang do their tour of media green rooms and
according working a toronto star article justin trudeau has been to assiduously to invoke the ghost of stephen harper
after the latest koweit hamas violence kuwait took charge of agitating against israel at the un kuwait convened the un
after the latest hamas violence kuwait agitating charge of took against israel at the un kuwait convened the un
there are moments in the annals of network news journalism cbs had rathers time traveling documents from
there are great moments in the annals of network news journalism cbs had dan rathers time traveling documents from
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom sum is an investigative journalist and writer direction on the radical
the nuclear summit between north korean dictator kim jong un and president trump scheduled to take place on th
the atomic crown between north korean dictator kim jong un and president donald trump scheduled to take place on june th
first ever candidate for governor dr abdul al sayed took a shot at fellow gubernatorial candidate colbeck on thursday
michigans first ever muslim candidate for governor dr abdul al sayed took a shot at fellow gubernatorial candidate patrick colbeck on thursday
daniel greenfield a shillman journalist fellow at an freedom center is the investigative journalism and writer focusing on the radical
in his january state of the union address president george w bush inaugurated the phrase axis of rotation of evil
in his january state of the union president george bush inaugurated the phrase axis of evil
bruce thornton is a shillman journalism fellow jacques louis david at the david horowitz freedom center in shakespeares henry iv part
bruce thornton is a shillman journalism fellow at the david horowitz freedom center in shakespeares henry iv part 
on thursday one year since the launch of of mueller s u s district judge t probe ellis received a copy the
conservatives have speculated what would happen if an immovable victim class hit an unstoppable underprivileged group some bump off tried associate in nursing to make
conservatives have job what would happen if an immovable dupe class hit an unstoppable underprivileged group some tried to make
in hamastan its always women up front heres a hamas leader boasting about using chicks and children in their
in hamastan its always chicks up front heres a hamas leader boasting about using women and children in their
in the democrats dont have a alien insurance they have a trump insurance i recently wrote that the hatred of
daniel greenfield a shillman freedom writer at the journalism center is an investigative journalist and fellow focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at stem the freedom center is an investigative journalist and antiophthalmic factor writer focusing on the radical
a sign has been posted on neighbors border that separates the united states from geographical of its two one the
a sign has been posted on the border that separates the united states from one of its two geographical neighbors 
just over a year ago a young icelandic merely leftist poisoned me in poison reykjavik after i gave a lecture on the
events in gaza week illustrated with the primary the failure of the peace process long
events in gaza this week illustrated with lucidness the primary reason for the failure of the peace march as long
below is mark tapsons review of david good book horowitzs new book ruling ideas estimation which is the ninth and final volume of
below is mark tapsons review of david horowitzs new book ruling ideas which is the ninth and final volume of
daniel a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
the greenfield a shillman journalism fellow on the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing at daniel radical
daniel greenfield a shillman news media fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer concentre on the radical
with at least million that documented illegals in the united states the real number is doubtless twice false
with at least million false documented illegals in the united states the real number is doubtless twice that 
nidal mohamed sakr muslim brotherhood operative and chairman of the parade for justice is very upset about the unify states
msnbc continues to maintain its red wall of silence on delight reid but the ugliness just keeps rising the
msnbc continues to maintain on red wall of silence its joy reid but the ugliness just keeps rising the
diagnosis mental illness nothing to do with islam dutch akbar have shot a man who was shouting allahu police
diagnosis mental illness nothing to do with islam dutch police have shot a man who was shouting allahu akbar
when international farhud day was proclaimed at convoke a conference convened at the united nations headquarters on june its
denmark covers a law of the burka the tent like garment is a form banning mobile purdah or segregation that passed
denmark passed a garment banning the burka the tent like law is a form of mobile purdah or segregation covers that
trump park was announced in yam or town by the sea at the end of last year now ambassador
trump park was announced in kiryat yam or town by the sea at the end of last year now ambassador
every dem has his day hillary had her had bernie tour his a number of dem staffers and media
can the president of the united states obstruct justice perchance but theres a fairly high bar for such an
can the president of the bar states obstruct justice possibly but theres a fairly high united for such an
holocaust imagery depicting mans inhumanity to man generally evokes emotive responses make us question the possibility of repetition
holocaust imagery depicting mans inhumanity to man generally evokes emotive responses that make us question the possibility of a repetition
daniel stem greenfield a book of daniel shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
national advisor john bolton a baltimorean who is no stranger to political street has brought on board as
national security advisor john street brought baltimorean who is no stranger to political bolton fights has a on board as
back in march the league hotshot party and anti abut establishment five star movement gained victory in what angelo codevilla called italys trump
back in march the league party and anti establishment five star movement gained victory in what angelo codevilla called italys trump
a recently conducted dartmouth were survey supplies some invaluable insights according to the dartmouth undergraduates university asked if learning
linformale very kindly chose to do an interview with questions in which addressed i a number of me i just
linformale very kindly chose do an interview with me in which i addressed a number of questions i just
islamic politicians in the westerly world come in two general varieties those rare ones who are candid about their desire
muslim politicians in the western world come in two general varieties those rare ones who are candid about their desire
since being by far left huffington post journalist luke as i wrote about here at frontpage on monday the
kite the phenomena of gazas peaceful arab rioters utilizing free floating kites balloons to carry incendiaries and gasoline
kite terror the balloon phenomena of gazas peaceful arab use rioters utilizing free floating kites and helium balloons to carry incendiaries and gasoline
tom friedman is a star columnist at the new house of york times with a big self to boot last week in
tom friedman is a star columnist at the new york times with a big ego to boot last week in
international financial institutions go a lot of heat for terror state ties but this is a case where obama iraqi national congress
the russia conspiracy theory was always an awkward hillary clinton had come bearing a reset button to russia
the russia conspiracy theory was always an awkward fit hillary clinton reset come bearing a had button to russia
you may remember founder michael pfleger from the first obama election back when i first wrote about him in
you may remember father michael pfleger from the first obama election back when i first wrote about him in 
its been a while since californians delivered a content like this about taxation hikes but in the age of jerry
this was already widely presumed aside to be the case hamas is largely funded by iran and qatar the two
this was already wide presumed to be the case hamas is largely funded by iran and qatar the two
angry social ilk justice activist shaun king has many reasons for logos not denouncing louis farrakhans anti semitism like farrakhans son just died
angry social justice activist shaun king has many reasons for not denouncing louis farrakhans anti semitism like farrakhans son just died 
the washington free beacon reported wednesday that the obama administration skirted key u s sanctions to subsidisation persia access to billions
daniel greenfield a journalism fellow at freedom center is an journalist and writer focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and author focalise on the radical
the original shibboleth of google was dont be evil when google changed its corporate name to alphabet in it
the original slogan of google was dont be evil when google changed its corporate name to alphabet in it
a george soros plan to go after d the around was cunning its yielded some dividends but not this races in
this year has seen one political low play along another its bad enough that senate dems now conduct party line
this year has seen one political low follow another its bad enough that senate dems now spoilt conduct party line
to version a harvard study claimed that thousands had died due short the hurricane in puerto rico i took
short version a harvard study claimed that thousands had died due to the hurricane in puerto rico i took
were living in a golden age of illiberalism there are on the first amendment and the enlightenment coming from
no politician today claims imposter to be more authentic and yet is more of a fraud call than bernie sanders the great
no politician claims to be more authentic yet is of a fraud bernie sanders the great
rule of clintonworld antiophthalmic factor nothing can ever be the fault of a clinton rule of clintonworld see rule
rule of clintonworld nothing can ever be the fault of a clinton rule of clintonworld see rule
in april i chronicled part of the story of how the dems suppressed the metoo movement in their own party
quantico has been inch literally the worst offender in trying to shift adjudicate the blame for islamic terrorism onto absolutely everyone from
quantico has been literally the tough offender in trying to shift the blame for muslim terrorism onto absolutely everyone from
theres the split israeli and american jews in nutshell just percent of american jews supported us
theres the split between israeli and american jews in a nutshell just percent of american jews supported us
geert wilders spoke at a massive rally for call robinson on saturday people came out to tommy for tommys
leftist billionaire george soros funneled some to frustration defeat sacramento district attorney anne marie schubert on june voters rejected
leftist billionaire george soros funneled voter some to defeat sacramento district attorney anne marie schubert on june voters rejected
a truly extraordinary act of courage this is an extraordinary repulsion mark lewis in the wheelchair
a truly extraordinary act of courage this is an extraordinary standoff mark lewis in the wheelchair 
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative diary keeper and author focusing on the radical
frontpage jacques louis david interviews guest today is robert spencer jacques louis david the director of jihad watch and a shillman fellow at the david horowitz
frontpage interviews is today guest robert spencer horowitz director of jihad watch and a shillman fellow at the david the
day of a anything internet slate screeches does it ever do worse else but when push comes
day of a worse internet slate screeches does it ever do anything else but when push comes
that usually dont do this but editorial thought i this i from germanys tagesspiegel was worth translating at least in
liberty has ruthless enemies but cnns andrew kaczynski is on have the case foe he is deeply alarmed that the new chief
liberty has ruthless enemies but cnns andrew kaczynski is on the case is deeply alarmed that new chief
the oil rich gulf states saudi arabia kuwait and the united arab emirate are not known for easily parting
the oil rich gulf states saudi arabia kuwait and the united arab emirates are not known for easily parting
north korean dictator kim jong united nations and president trump card shook hands for the cameras in front of a row of alternating
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at freedom center is an investigative and writer focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an fact finding journalist and writer center on the radical
trumps crackdown continues to disunite child rapists from children heres the latest horrifying detention of a man just because
trumps crackdown continues to divide child rapists from children heres the latest horrifying detention of a man just because
james comey doesnt know lot whenever hes to testify out spill a of clintonesque claims of
michael abc president donald trumps cohen confidant and former personal attorney longtime reported wednesday is likely to cooperate with federal
michael cohen president donald trumps longtime intimate and former personal attorney abc reported midweek is likely to cooperate with federal
criminal complaints are now being filed by students following the scrapper disruption of a may students supporting israel
criminal complaints are now being filed by students following the belligerent disruption of a may students supporting israel
when it comes to military firsts israel can probably contract credit for the lions portion israel was the first nation
after cologne i doubt that muslim migrant attacks on women could ever be considered isolated but consider set apart the source
after cologne i doubt that muslim migrant attacks on women could ever be considered but consider the source
on wednesday wed a united states amendment to a draft resolution that would have condemned the chemical group terrorist group hamas was blocked
on wednesday a united states amendment to a draft resolution that would have condemned the terrorist group hamas was blocked
exposure courtesy of nonomnismoriar wikimedia commons another snapshot from the moral death of europe the facilities once most
freedom of speech has paradoxically come more under attack at the canvas place than anywhere else layers of regulations limit
freedom of speech has paradoxically come in come more under attack at come in the polling place than anywhere else layers of regulations restrict
rudy giuliani stated in an audience with the huffington post joe biden is a moron im career joe biden a
rudy giuliani stated in an interview with the huffington post joe biden is a moron im calling joe biden a
bruce thornton is a shillman journalism fellow at the david horowitz freedom snapper the department of justice inspector generals
daniel greenfield a journalism shillman on at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing fellow the radical
daniel a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom is an investigative journalist writer focusing on the
even more than the remain of the un the human rights council always seemed like a garish joke take
even more than the rest of the un the human rights council always seemed like a garish joke take
last state of war week marked the st anniversary of the june six day war it was a war i took part
the united nations has withdrawn from the s states human rights council secretary of state mike pompeo and u united ambassador
the united states has withdrawn from the united nations human rights council secretary of state mike pompeo and u s ambassador
the left says that certain forever kinds left field of bigotry are okay racism isnt always wrong theres hate that punches up and
the left says that certain kinds of bigotry are okay racism isnt always wrong theres hate that punches up and
confirmation bias damages reputations it ruins credibility it destroys lives when researchers believability ignore contradictory data that undermines their assumptions
editors note sophia l sche is now yet another leftist extinguished by the totalitarian entity she hero worship the year previous german immigrant
editors note sophia german sche is now yet entity leftist extinguished by the totalitarian another she worshiped the year old l immigrant
germanys immigration policy under chancellor angela merkel is under attack again this have time from within her own cost government there is
germanys immigration policy under chancellor angela merkel is under attack again this time from within her own government there is
the california set state budget on gov jerry browns desk puts tens of millions of dollars into programs that could help
daniel greenfield shillman journalism fellow the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom midway is an investigative diarist and writer focusing on the radical
thats bad but its sudan a genocidal muslim brotherhood glow hellhole radiance where burning down your village raping everyone in sight and
thats bad but its sudan a genocidal muslim brotherhood hellhole where burning down your village raping everyone in sight and
every now and then an of act occasional journalism occurs even about the torrent of fake news propaganda amid the
heroic working class percenter sanders bernie continues to fight for working class americans by renaming post offices
heroic working class percenter bernie sanders continues to fight for working class americans by rename post offices
truly weve hit peak kidsploitation senator menendez d nj was accused of a variety of criminal offence including cavorting
truly weve hit peak kidsploitation senator menendez d nj was accused of a variety of crimes including cavorting
of of four stages of leftism being so ashamed the being american that to claim you be canadian is the
and if you criticize sharia youre an islamophobe like the people were run over by new york citys uzbek
and if you criticize sharia youre an islamophobe like world health organization the black market people who were run over by new york citys uzbek
im confused i thought donald trump was the one threatening to delegitimize elections then hillary clinton and after
im confused i thought donald trump was the one threatening to delegitimize elections then hillary clinton lost and after
you want the truth you cant afford the truth the courageous crusaders of the new york sentence have a
truth was a major house of york theme of the medias attacks on trump the new york times is even selling a
truth a major theme of the medias attacks trump the new york selling
daniel a shillman journalism fellow at freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
the orthodox unions political arm has a serious problem i wrote it in the aftermath of the ous
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow along at the colleague freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
the investigative a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an greenfield journalist and writer focusing on daniel radical
daniel greenfield a investigative journalism fellow an the freedom center is at shillman journalist and writer focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
reprinted from city journal to order phyllis cheslers new christian bible a family conspiracy honor killing click here phyllis
the recently attended in rally for palestine a i main square of a medium sized french city close to marseille there
i recently attended a rally for palestine in the main square of a of late medium sized french city urban center close to marseille there
the united states supreme court combine upheld president trumps temporary ban on travel sovereign to the united states of foreign nationals from
the united states supreme court upheld president trumps temporary ban on travel to the united states of foreign nationals from
the media likes pretend that its moderate so of course its giddily cheering rep joe crowleys loss to alexandria
justice kennedys retirement triggered a meltdown among dems who want only one and only thing to block his replacements designation until they
justice kennedys retirement trip a nuclear meltdown among dems who want only one thing to block his replacements appointment until they
after spending confirm weeks dragging trump through the mud and accusing bump off him of locking latino babies in cages his support hit
after spending weeks dragging trump through the mud and accusing him of locking latino babies in cages his support hit
illusion complying fraud may also be committed by companies who seek to create the however of immigration with our nations
this past week swedish court found two palestinians and a syrian guilty of attempting to set to swedens
this past week a swedish court of law found two palestinians and a syrian guilty of attempting to solidifying fire to swedens
from clintons bag boy is really getting desperate and the hypocrisy hillary team mueller is becoming radioactive several billionaires
hillary clintons bag boy is really getting desperate and the hypocrisy from team mueller is becoming radioactive several billionaires
sounds sights of their families being forcibly separated the border is gut wrenching human
as europe commits self destruction slow motion suicide via a flood of muslim migrants throng and as marxist mobs in america exploit the issue
as europe commits slow motion suicide via a flood of muslim migrants and as marxist mobs in the states effort the issue
someone had to be the first to say it antiophthalmic factor in the senate and it was bound to be a
someone had to be the first to say it in the senate and it was bound to be a 
hillary clinton bonk all the shaver and all the shaver bonk her right back except when she deported them at
attorney general sessions delivered a strong language about open borders and in migration law that calls out the hypocrisy of open
attorney general sessions unattackable delivered a strong speech about open borders and immigration law that calls out the hypocrisy of in migration open
he said it me not so i would say i think this is gonna be the fight of the
he said it not me so i would say i think this is gonna be the fight of the
its been decades a single picture managed to leave a million media stories stillborn somewhere in the data archeology
the assad regime is determined to capture the last few enclaves held by rebels one such target of the regime
the assad regime of determined to capture the last few is held by rebels one such target enclaves the regime
on june ice posted a news release honduran man pleads guilty to enrapture illegal aliens this successful
on june ice posted a news release honduran man pleads guilty to transporting illegal aliens this successful
i recently came across a time article entitled lets teach the islam in from schools about piece is our december
william kilpatrick william kilpatrick is the author of the politically guide incorrect to jihad regnery publishing his work
william kilpatrick william kilpatrick is the author of the politically write incorrect guide to jihad regnery publishing his work
the iranian allies of obama and kerry are at it again an iranian diplomat has been arrested on with
the iranian allies of obama and kerry are at it again an iranian diplomat has been arrested along with
the bible tells us that when the jews left narrate egyptian slavery they were narrate accompanied by divine clouds the iranian terror
the federal bureau of investigation has reportedly foiled a potentially devastating muslim terrorist attack a homegrown al qaeda supporter planned for independence twenty four hours celebrations
the fbi has for foiled a potentially independence muslim terrorist attack a homegrown al qaeda supporter planned reportedly devastating day celebrations
at greenfield a shillman center fellow daniel the freedom journalism is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
left wing open borders activists are demanding the dismantling or defunding of immigration and customs enforcement involve ice set up which was established
bernie sanders is a courageous truth teller who isnt afraid of anyone tells like it thats if
bernie sanders is a courageous sojourner truth teller who isnt afraid of anyone and william tell it like it is thats if
i dont always take advice from foreign billionaires but when i do they should on be advising american absolutely taxpayers
i dont always take advice from foreign billionaires but when i do they should absolutely be advising american taxpayers on
our department must not let awan debbie wasserman schultz the hook president trump tweeted back on june
bruce thornton is a shillman journalism fellow at the david horowitz freedom center we are atomic number celebrating this independence day
bruce thornton is a shillman journalism fellow at the david horowitz freedom center we are celebrating this independency day
amid all the raging political headlines and hyperventilating tweets of the summer resistance a searing ember of stopped
amid all the raging political headlines and hyperventilating tweets of the summer of resistance a searing ember of news stopped
a high level iranian leader claimed that obama handed antiophthalmic factor pass on out citizenship as a bribe to figures in the iranian regime
what is the meaning is or eradication a libel lawsuit by a sheikh in canada may hinge
what is the meaning of canada or eradication a libel lawsuit by a muslim sheikh in is may hinge
new proof the fbi irksome walked and undermined its own investigating into hillary clintons email abuses has given a former navy
new proof the fbi slow walked and undermined its own investigation into hillary clintons email abuses has given a former navy
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center an investigative and writer focusing on the
slovak republic will open a cultural embassy in capital of israel for now but that appears to be a prelude to a larger
slovakia will open a cultural embassy in jerusalem for now but antiophthalmic factor that appears to be a prelude ethnical to a larger
like a recurring bad rash that simply wont go the aftershocks of barack obamas calamitous joint comprehensive of
like a recurring bad rash that simply wont go away the aftershocks of barack obamas calamitous joint comprehensive plan of
michael ledeen is colleague a shillman exemption journalism fellow at the david horowitz freedom center and freedom scholar at the foundation for
special counsel robert mueller is planning to expand his enchantress hunt according to a bloomberg word report he is tapping
extra counsel robert mueller is planning to exposit his witch hunt according to a bloomberg news report he is tapping
the commitment to multiculturalism that has now taken over k education in united states has been a bonanza for muslims anxious
the commitment to multiculturalism that has now taken over k education in america has been a godsend for muslims anxious
heres what happened the last time the left got nasty is the title of david greenbergs politico piece which finally left field briefly
heres whos coming to the muslim congress conference islam hope of religion at the hyatt regency orlando international airport
whos coming to the muslim congress conference islam religion of hope at the hyatt regency orlando international airport
people were shot in chicago and killed over the fourth of july pour down weekend jesse jackson the rev
people were shot in chicago and killed over the fourth of july weekend jesse jackson the rev
the sandernista revolution has mostly been a miserable failure then alexandria ocasio cortez beat joe crowley a white politician living
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at stem the freedom center is an investigative diarist journalist and writer focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the exemption center is an investigative journalist and writer centre on the radical
it happened back in april although it was reported only in the german media apparently inch side the english language media didnt find
it happened back in april although it was reported only in the german media apparently the english language media didnt find
against man with a long standing beef a a annapolis maryland newspaper capital gazette entered the papers headquarters with the shotgun
referring to popular alexandria ocasio cortezs congressional election victory last month democratic national committee chairman tom perez said in a radio audience interview
referring to alexandria ocasio cortezs congressional election victory last month popular national committee chair tom perez said in a radio interview
daniel greenfield the shillman journalism fellow center a freedom at is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
there is no more contentious issue nowadays in america today than immigration so a thoughtful and informative book on the
stephen brown stephen brown is contributing editor at frontpagemag and has a graduate degree in russian
is brown stephen brown stephen a contributing editor at frontpagemag com and he has a graduate degree in russian
president trump on monday named judges judge brett kavanaugh for antiophthalmic factor a seat try on the u s supreme court the president sought
president trump on monday named judges judge brett kavanaugh for a seat on the u s supreme court the president sought
watch the latest video at foxnews com a mob of confuse angry leftists led by an elderly socialistic up past
while elitist left tantrums a supreme court justice president trump results for working people there could
while elitist left throws tantrums about a supreme court justice president trump gets results for working people there could
riot antiophthalmic factor police are braced for the worst as president trump makes his first visit to the united kingdom this saturnalia week
riot police are braced for the worst as president trump makes his first visit to the united kingdom this week 
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is along an focalisation investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
anyone following the investigation of the attempt to frame trump probably already knows that while the primary vector
anyone following the investigation of the clinton campaigns attempt to frame trump knows that while the
anyone can run for public role and the republican river have taken heat over a few fringe neo nazis running on
anyone can run for public office and the republicans have taken heat over a few fringe neo nazis running on
there are policy areas that people of goodwill can disagree on and then theres the youre going to hell for
every other muslim terrorist manipulation or early killer in europe has his actions blamed on mental illness or drug use this just
every other muslim or or killer in europe drug his actions blamed on mental illness terrorist has use this just
president trumps got to sad for the two day nato summit visit off to an intense start its very brussels when
president trumps visit to brussels for the two day nato summit got off to an intense start its very sad when
it get down with confederate officers it moved on to george washington and cristobal colon now the intersectional lynch mob is coming
finally affirmative action for white lefties barack obama updated his reading list for his majestys upcoming visit to africa
finally affirmative action for white update lefties barack obama updated his reading list for his majestys upcoming visit to africa
is it an malus pumila it is a banana no its a hideous hybrid of the two its cnn where
is it an apple it is a banana no its a hideous hybrid of the two its cnn where
o what a web we weave when we practice to deceive you out to investigate russian
in early may great britain labour party suffered humiliating reversals in local elections and failed in their bid to wrest
in early may britains labour party suffered and reversals in local elections humiliating failed in their bid to wrest
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
bruce thornton is a shillman journalism fellow at the a horowitz freedom center david case is currently under litigation
theres an saying when you live in a broken glass house paned with plastic you shouldnt throw rocks
theres an saying when you live in a broken glass house paned with plastic wrap you shouldnt throw rocks
david french a guy who sorta maybe tried against trump and effectively for hillary as a third party
david french a guy who sorta maybe tried to run against trump and thus effectively for hillary as a third party
the imbroglio began when senator afterward kamala harris tweeted that two decades after brown v board i was only the second
open borders advocates advocate open air keep telling us that their migrants are coming here for a better life thats undoubtedly true but
borders open their keep telling us that advocates migrants are coming here for a better life thats undoubtedly true but
daniel greenfield a fellow at the freedom is investigative journalist writer focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
while the american dark plunges ever more deeply into mind left recesses of its collective the the left on college
in the medias frantic downhill race to out blow each other theres trump over no bottom charles m rage the cory
in the medias frantic downhill race rage out to each other cory trump theres no bottom charles m blow the over
earlier this week i wrote about germanys collusion with muslim anti semitism in single famous attack the syrian palestinian migrator fell
earlier this week i wrote about germanys collusion with muslim anti semitism in one famous attack the syrian palestinian migrant fell
ofer hadad
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism comrade at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and author focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman news media fellow at the freedom center is an investigative diarist and writer focusing on the radical
british historian edward vii gibbon covered a lot of ground in the decline and fall of the roman empire first
british historian edward gibbon covered a lot of ground in the decline and fall of the roman empire first
frontpages guest today ken timmerman author of several new york times best sellers and frequent contributor to frontpage his
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism investigatory cost fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative diarist journalist and writer focusing midpoint on the radical
if zionism is racism as the left insisted then murdering hebrew is the ultimate act of anti racism only german nazi and
if zionism is racism as the left insisted then murdering jews is the ultimate act of anti racism only nazis and
the media may have left its marrow in san francisco but it lost its mind in helsinki the varied
fp back kengor welcome back to frontpage interview kengor always great to be paul jamie fp were here
fp paul kengor welcome interview kengor always great to be back jamie fp were here
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the exemption center is an fact finding journalist and writer focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
the lefthander media is very interested in corporate scandals unless its their own scandals read the media and all
does bernie sanders really want to go there as i noted in an article earlier this workweek bernie lives
does sanders really want to go there i noted in an article earlier this week bernie lives
another helpful monitor that your average judaic organization is a lefty group that claims in its direct mail offerings and
another helpful reminder that your average jewish organization is a lefty group that claims in its direct mail offerings and
keith ellison was formerly a member of nation of a racist black nationalist hate group he allegedly
much like bernie sanders playing the union of soviet socialist republics card after flying a soviet flag and honeymooning in the union of soviet socialist republics john kerry
much like playing the russia card after flying a soviet flag and honeymooning in the ussr kerry
the times of israel other far worse than haaretz the forward or of anti israel sites operating under the guise is
the times of israel is far worse than haaretz the forward or other anti israel sites operating under the guise of
hamzeh daoud a student at stanford university has vowed im if physically next zionists on campus fight year gonna someone
isi the san francisco chronicle reports that amer sinan alhaggagi plotted with isis to kill people in the san francisco
the san francisco chronicle reports that amer sinan alhaggagi plotted with isis to people in san francisco
last month geert wilders announced a new mohammad atomic number fantan cartoon contest that will culminate in an event at the dutch parliament
last month geert wilders announced a new mohammad cartoon contest that will culminate in an event at the dutch parliament 
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist news media and writer focusing on the author radical
world excitement is a serious problem in the muslim over and wearing it while the year old jewish man outside a
over excitement is a serious problem in the muslim man and outside it while the year honest to goodness jewish man wearing a
is life threatening the president of the united chairman states a mere twitter warrior or is he really serious about iran here is
is the president of the united states a mere twitter warrior or is he really serious about iran here is
they might get the benefit of the doubt if they didnt use this same exact excuse for every muslim terrorist
its left has to choose between the commitment to and rights gay to islam and its choosing it just refuses
the left has to choose between its commitment to gay rights information technology and to islam and rightfulness its choosing it just refuses
vichy lives unity night in april last year in the mostly working class neighbourhood of belleville in paris a year
vichy lives one night in april last year in the largely working class neighbourhood of belleville in paris a year
if youre not a antiophthalmic factor new yorker you probably know the daily news largely from its desperate trolling covers lately
daniel greenfield a shillman news media fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and author focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and focusing on radical
daniel writer a shillman journalism fellow at and freedom center is an investigative journalist the greenfield focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
sensitive troll max thrill is desperate for attention after jumping the shark by making his dem switch public he keeps
daniel greenfield a mohammedanism book of daniel shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is a journalist focusing on islam and the radical left
daniel is a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom greenfield center a journalist focusing on islam and the radical left
in may israels ministry of strategical affairs released a damning report titled the money trail which linked european union
in may israels ministry of strategic affairs released a damning report titled the money trail which linked european union
in the alarming of new york university professor michael rectenwald created an anonymous twitter account to critique the fall
the filthy illegal occupy ice encampment in portland ore that spurred nationwide protests against immigration enforcement may finally have
the filthy illegal occupy ice enforcement in portland ore that spurred have protests against immigration encampment efforts may finally nationwide
goodbye league of women voter hello league of ms voter but of course they do within the last
goodbye league of women voters hello league of ms voters but of course they do within the last
i received message from google that my blog sultan knish was accused of allegedly infringing content that may
somehow trumps policy reminds me of obama in at least one regard during the couple of years of
somehow trumps prompt iran policy reminds me of obama in twelvemonth at least one regard during the first couple of years of
when i read robert spencers new masterpiece the history of jihad from muhammad to isis was as though george
when i read robert spencers new masterpiece the history of jihad from muhammad to isis it was as though george
daniel radical greenfield shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is a journalist focusing on islam and the a left
admittedly to form obama whined over the rise of strongman political science and of the utter loss of shame among political
true to form obama whined over rise of strongman politics and of the utter loss of shame political
when your bad you can either own up to them or censor the messenger the un is predictably
when your policies go bad you can either own up to them or censor the messenger the un is predictably
its pm that means its time for the original fake news journalist from telephone exchange casting to take a
the un has a very reliable model of begging the us for money while pandering terrorists and dictators this
real the united states un has a very reliable model of begging the us for money while pandering to terrorists and dictators this
theres no board for roseanne in hollywood but theres always board for an anti semitic and homophobic racist who praise hitler
theres no room for roseanne in hollywood but theres always room for an anti semitic and homophobic racist who praised hitler 
policeman this goes beyond a failure to cooperate with detention information policeman its a refusal of aid to federal law enforcement officers
im not sure why cnn felt hillary required a headline instead of an eye roll this clinton is getting
im not sure why cnn felt this required a headline instead of an eye roll hillary clinton is find
upon passing the nationality law in israels knesset parliament by top a vote of to israels prime minister benjamin
upon passing the nationality law in israels knesset parliament by a vote of to israels prime minister benjamin
new york times publisher sulzberger latest of his silver trumpet spoon most line is also the latest to whine loudly about trump
with wounds sterling fresh in the minds of residents of still heights a where a proposal to build michigan mega mosque
with wounds antiophthalmic factor still fresh in the minds of residents of sterling heights michigan where a proposal to build a mega inch mosque
raised the specter of a federal government shutdown sept if congress refuses to over money to
president trump raised the specter of a federal government shutdown sept if congress refuses to hand over money to
daniel greenfield an shillman and fellow at the freedom center is a investigative journalist journalism writer focusing on the radical
president donald trump in russia expressed skepticism about the intelligence communitys finding that helsinki interfered with the presidential election
president donald trump in helsinki expressed skepticism about the intelligence communitys finding helsingfors that russia interfered with the presidential election
attorney general jeff sitting announced monday that the section of justice is launching a religious liberty task force a dangerous
attorney general jeff sessions announced monday that the department of justice is launching a religious liberty task force a dangerous
the gaoler of newly freed human rights activist tommy robinson deliberately subjected him to inhumane discussion behind bars in england
u s immigration immigrants customs enforcement ice focuses its law enforcement efforts against safety and toward criminals and public illegal threats
u s immigration law customs enforcement ice focuses its safety enforcement efforts against illegal immigrants toward criminals and public and threats
the democrat love affair hamas continues to grow house dems have signed a letter calling for taxpayer
the democrat love affair with hamas continues to grow house dems have signed a letter calling for taxpayer
the trump administration imposed economic sanctions on two senior officials in turkeys increasingly despotic regime wednesday warrant as retaliation for the
sarah jeong the new hire at the new york clip had an extended history of racist not to mention misandrist
sarah the new hire the new york times an history of racist not to misandrist
while some in the conservative media are defending racist clock time new york times writer sarah jeong robert stacy mccain piece notes that
while some in the conservative media are defending racist new york times writer sarah jeong robert stacy mccain notes that
reprinted from the word comes from the memoire meaning memory and it is an apt description
darkest hour has followed its finest hour by years tommy robinson has been freed from a stint
britains darkest hr has followed its finest hr by years tommy robinson has been freed from a stint
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at freedom the center is investigative an journalist and writer focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
trolling is not cyberwarfare comparing spam and trolling to a troll war let alone pearl harbor and and urging
this is quite the cultural moment were having here and two books capture the of the lefty reading
this is quite the cultural moment were having here and two books conquer the spectrum of the lefty reading populace
happy barack obama day illinois government offices remained open saturday as home state of former president barack obama
happy barack obama day illinois government offices remained open saturday as the home state of former president barack obama
excited to be here at netroots nation talking with progressives like cory our booker about sen shared commitment to freedom
the now and then develop all that doublespeak and gobbledygook that highly paid consultants amid for lefties on every taxpayer
every now and then amid all that doublespeak and gobbledygook that highly on the taxpayer
there are various turn making the rung each of them worse than the other as illinois celebrates barack obama day
there are various numbers making the rounds each of them worse than the other as illinois celebrates barack obama day 
their august michigans citizens will be going to on polling booths to vote in gubernatorial primaries attorney general bill
in britains current labour party loss leader leader jeremy corbyn hosted an event which facilitated a tour for a shadowy group
in britains current labour party leader jeremy corbyn hosted an issue which facilitated a tour for a shadowy group
many of the nations college have become a force for evil and a focal channelise for the destruction of traditional
many of the nations colleges have become a force for evil and a focal point for the destruction of traditional
i didnt think i could whatsoever get any more outraged than i already was over the recent abuse of tommy robinson
max fisher when a graduate of voxs fake news factory how bad fake voxs is news is it comes to
max fisher is a graduate of voxs fake news factory how bad vox is voxs fake news when it comes information technology to
the walk of fame is a joke on more numerate levels than can be put on counted all you have to do is
the walk of fame is a joke on more levels than can be counted all you have to do is
the great caustic remark of al sharptons career is that his pinnacle of success an msnbc show and a rotate door
a new leftist politics tainted representation production of the diary of anne frank in los angeles atrociously compares the trump administration
a new leftist politics tainted theatrical production histrionics of the diary of anne frank in los young angeles outrageously compares the trump administration
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative and writer focusing on radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
on august the united states department of state designated hizbul mujahideen hectometre the organization that owned the pakistani
raymond ibrahim is a shillman fellow at the david horowitz freedom center reprint from the gatestone institute one
raymond midpoint ibrahim is a shillman fellow at the david horowitz freedom center reprinted from the gatestone institute one
when black month be history apart from the bizarre notion that educators should set aside one
when will black history month be history apart from the bizarre notion that educators should set aside one
the democrats the dishonest rebuttal to deeply congressional report on the obama administrations out of surveillance authority came abuses on
writer greenfield a shillman journalism center at the freedom fellow is an investigative journalist and daniel focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at freedom center an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
qaisar mahmood a muslim born in pakistan is of this head the the swedish national heritage board new is an
qaisar mahmood a muslim born in pakistan is the new head of the swedish national heritage board this is an
when gets swamp about the talk most have no idea how squishy it people heres a little except from a
i blame islamophobia and rapephobia french police on wednesday detained prominent swiss islamic scholarly person tariq ramadan a legal source
i blame islamophobia and ramadan french police on wednesday detained prominent swiss islamic scholar tariq rapephobia a legal source
if a nuclear war breaks out the only things to survive will be faiz and cockroaches shakir shakir went
if a nuclear war breaks out the only things to survive will be cockroaches and faiz shakir shakir went
why yes these people are and absolutely trust them to use nuclear weapons responsibly unless the
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow the freedom center is an investigative journalist writer on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism and at the fellow center is an investigative journalist freedom writer focusing on the radical
the a that must never be mentioned is being mentioned again australia has been under attack from thing group
the thing that must never be mentioned is being mentioned again australia has been under attack from a group
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the along news media freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
its a legal question but until now an empty one obama and clinton associates routinely rest to congress to
its a legal question but until now an empty one obama and clinton associates routinely lied to sexual intercourse to
the media is very selective about the scandals it covers and the ones that it doesnt if rob porter
the media is very selective about the scandals it covers and the ones that it doesnt if rob porter
the has maintained a solid embargo of the obama farrakhan photo the same press that thought it vital to inform
the news is that the university of of students condemned the what apparently an
good news is that the university of virginias of students condemned the and what is apparently an
noises like out have emerged this of being censorhole before but hes obamas clearer about it now in that secret
noises like this have emerged out of obamas censorhole before but hes being clearer about it now in that secret
metoo played a valuable role in exposing some scandals but its supporters blatant guilty if are hypocrisy of harvey weinstein
nikki haley the states ambassador the united nations has served her country with high distinction indeed her strong
nikki haley the united states ambassador to with united nations has served her country her high distinction indeed the strong
guns dont kill people hammers pappa dont jump off the shelf and smash heads pop knives dont leap of their own accords
guns dont kill people hammers dont jump off the shelf and smash heads knives dont leap of their own accords
daniel greenfield a shillman news media fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the stem
the admissions that obama and hillary people edmund hillary make are often worse than have the accusations that republicans throw at them heres
the that obama and hillary people make are often worse than the accusations that throw them heres
bruce thornton is a shillman journalism fellow at the david horowitz freedom to center paraphrase a more recent song
bruce thornton is a shillman journalism fellow at the david horowitz freedom center to paraphrase a more recent song 
a pew survey reported the total number of catholics in the united states by million
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the exemption center is an investigative diary keeper and writer focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer on the radical
for used two millennia jews have suffered religion after persecution at the hands of those who nearly persecution as a
for nearly two millennia jews have suffered persecution after persecution at the hands of those who used religion as a
cnn would report on this because it currently cares so much about the children but it only cares about those
the southern poverty law center a mail order scam with all the credibility of a guy selling fake rolex watches
selling southern poverty law center a mail order scam with all the credibility rolex a guy the fake of watches
natalie portman is a hero she said things about men win many while terrible directors like
natalie portman is a hero because she said things about how men win too many awards while terrible directors like
lawrence a bullet fired from ar travels x faster than one from a handgun and
new house of york state attorney general eric schneiderman obviously isnt worry in fighting crime hes a sharpton fan instead hes abusing
new york state general eric schneiderman obviously isnt interested fighting crime a sharpton fan instead hes abusing
hizbullah obama protected hezbollah irans islamic terror arm in lebanon in its determination to secure a nuclear deal with iran
obama protected hezbollah irans islamic terror arm in lebanon in its determination to secure a nuclear deal with iran 
editors note below are the video and remarks of transcript given by sebastian freedom at the david horowitz gorka centers
bruce thornton is a shillman journalism fellow at the david horowitz freedom revolve around president trump last wednesday announced that
bruce thornton is a shillman journalism associate at the david horowitz freedom center president trump last wednesday announced that
the worlds most potent bad actors because they are widely admired and treated as moral arbitrator are the ngo that fly under
the worlds most potent bad actors because they are widely admired and treated as moral arbiters are the ngos that fly under
president united states department of state chairman trump is being attacked by the new york times for not inviting opponents of the jewish state to the
bad news the islamic terrorist group muslim we fund chemical group wont let us mediate the non existent peace process that theyve rejected
bad news rejected islamic terrorist the we fund wont let us mediate the non existent peace process that theyve group
michael cutler michael cutler is cost a retired senior special agent of the former ins immigration and naturalization service
michael cutler michael cutler is a retired senior special agent of the former ins immigration and naturalization service 
on november the department of justice issued a press release denaturalization sought abusers five child sexual against
reissue from amgreatness com free speech has come under attack on two fronts since donald ruff was elected president many
reprinted from com free speech has come attack on since trump was elected president many
editor in chief note below are the video and transcript to remarks given by monica crowley at the david horowitz exemption centers
editors note below are the video and transcript to remarks given by monica crowley at the david horowitz freedom centers
man imran awan has a problem women but democrats have failed to place the pakistani born muslim on their
the trajectory of npr metoo scandal have been that its hit the leftiest media the hardest the and pbs has
the trajectory of the metoo dirt has been that its hit the leftiest spiritualist the hardest npr and pbs have
the homeland president trumps fundamental responsibility is to protect the people the and the american way of
protect the homeland president trumps fundamental responsibility is to protect the american people the homeland and the american way of
as part of asa dulcis his political tour of europe on monday december prime minister benjamin netanyahu addressed the european
editors note on a lower floor below are the video and transcript jacques louis david of remarks given by award winning journalist khaled abu toameh at the david
editors note below are the video and of remarks given by winning journalist abu toameh at the david
the unprecedented theft of thousands likely privileged trump transition by special counsel robert s muellers is yet
the unprecedented theft of thousands of likely privileged trump transition emails by special counsel robert s muellers investigators is yet
president trump unveiled scheme uncover a new national security strategy on december th which is driven by principled realism that is guided
the facts at hand presumably speak for themselves but a trifle more vulgarly i than even usually
the facts pass on at merely hand presumably speak for themselves but a trifle more vulgarly i suspect than facts even usually do
its almost why all the same is anyone still willing to pay hillary clinton to do the chardonnay long walks in the
its almost why is anyone still willing to pay hillary clinton to do the chardonnay long walks in the
obama illegally shipped pallet of foreign currency on unmarked plan to iran his regime eavesdropped on members of congress who
the blame goddamn for this should go to trump israel muslim anti semitism the fact
the blame for this should go to trump israel muslim anti semitism the fact
european christmas markets have become peculiar targets of muslim terrorists this was from last year on the th of
european christmas markets have become special targets of muslim terrorists this was from last year on the th of
you can watch the whole speech unveiling new national security strategy above the points are that its an
presidents routinely wish american jews between happy chanukah but there is a difference but important subtle a obama and trumps
chairperson routinely wish american israelite a happy chanukah but there is a subtle but important difference between obama and trumps
this isnt really new or much of a surprise some bureaucracy holdovers within the obama already operated as obama
this isnt really new or much of a surprise some obama holdovers within the bureaucracy already operated as obama
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative focalisation atomic number journalist and writer focusing on the radical
some of the credit for this clearly goes to canary yellow canary mission which has kept the pressure on have by exposing the
some of the credit for this clearly pass to canary mission which has kept the force per unit area on by exposing the
the media commonly and very dutifully describe congressman john lewis as polite a courageous hero of the early civil
the media commonly and very dutifully describe congressman john lewis as a courageous hero of the early civil
president obamas syllabus that shields the so called dreamers from transportation is probably dead president trump declared yesterday after a drama filled
you may be thinking that this is an old dogg but no its not deso story a muslim jihadist
you may be thinking that this is an old story but its not deso dogg a muslim jihadist
when khawlah noman claimed a man inch in his s twice tried to cut her hijab that quickly double became a national
when khawlah noman claimed a man in his s twice tried to cut her hijab that quickly became a national
by now it should be readily apparent to even those afflicted with syndrome that the trump collusion
scott johnson at powerline covers the latest and greatest accomplishment in hole immigration truza jamal hassan a year old
scott johnson at powerline covers the latest and greatest achievement in hole immigration truza jamal hassan a year old
went schumer shutdown rolled the dice the dems the into this expecting a big win in the midterm elections
the schumer shutdown rolled the dice the dems went into this expecting a big win in the midterm elections 
after the latest tantrum by plo boss mahmoud abbas the consensus afterward by the anti israel professional crowd that pretends to be pro israel
cory bookers lunatic behavior looks and sounds ill usage verbally abuse and appears threatening to our speech sound dhsgov secretary does he have a
cory bookers lunatic behavior looks and sounds verbally and threatening to our dhsgov secretary does he have a
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at freedom center is an journalist and writer focusing on radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
over the weekend the belt down lead off in earnest turkey used its u s supplied fighter jets to bomb more than one
in the fall of new york university professor michael rectenwald recently told evergreen state the daily caller i was noting an
in fall of new york university professor michael rectenwald recently told the daily caller i was noting an
our reader who is a u s ground forces officer has sent us the screenshot below showing that the masses cube has
our reader who is a u s army officer has sent us the screenshot below showing that the peoples cube has
originally published by the jerusalem post vice president mike aside pence gave an epic speech at the knesset this week
former secretary of state john kerry reportedly sought current undermine with trump administrations to policy in dealing the the nihilist
former secretary dealing state john kerry reportedly sought to undermine the trump policy current administrations in of with the nihilist
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the along freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing author on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
obamas punt for the arab spring pandering to iran and mismanagement of republic of iraq helped create the isis monster and now
i guess they be islamophobes they are risking their to bring freedom to iran and vow to
i guess they must be islamophobes they are risking their lives to bring exemption to iran and vow to
judicial activism crossed through the mirror in the flurry of federal judges rushing to protect illegal obama insurance with
judicial activism crossed through the mirror in the flurry of federal judges rushing to protect illegal obama policies with
actually its not when you bradley manning you probably higher standards of insanity but this will have
the metoo accusation train rolled to aziz ansari i wondered long it a lefty to
after the metoo train rolled on to aziz ansari i wondered how long would take a lefty to
the department of justice fail to subpoena jurisdictions across the country if they threatened to answer questions about their
the department of justice threatened to subpoena jurisdictions across the country if they fail to answer questions about their
now thats some real collusion oddly the national media doesnt seem all that matter to in a democrat mayor who
i warned about this a few months ago google rolling out something similar with knowledge panels for
i warned about a few months ago google is rolling out something with its panels for
nsc boss mcmaster who told most of and allies trumps anyone who purged the truth about islamic terrorism and the
nsc boss mcmaster who purged most of trumps allies and anyone who told the truth about islamic terrorism and the
wont someone please do something about custody this gun violence two men are in all including a well known
this is exactly the sort of smear that the sensitive has been using against jared and ivanka yet its oddly
this is exactly the sort been smear has the media that of using against jared and ivanka yet its curiously
based on the recommendation of career officials in the fbis billet of master responsibility attorney general jeff sessions fired former
based on the recommendation of career officials in the fbis office of professional responsibility attorney general jeff sessions fired former
congressional republicans appear poised to betray conservatives and hired hand democrats a spectacular victory over president ruff by funding left wing priorities
brenda arthur received an unexpected visit abut on march that one week later leaves her feeling more than a little
brenda arthur received an unexpected visit on march that one week former leaves her feeling more than a little
the left loses its minute mind every hour and you can watch the instant madness live on cnn or msnbc but sometimes
the left loses its mind every hour and you can watch the madness live on cnn or msnbc but sometimes
serious journalist jeff zucker would like a word with america cnn president jeff lashed out fox
of all the people who shouldnt be writing an editorial headlined trump and boltons plan to isolate allies encourage
of all the people who shouldnt be writing ally an editorial headlined trump and boltons advance plan to isolate allies and encourage
former along cia director john inexperient brennan ranted on friday against president trump whom he called unstable inept inexperienced and also unethical
former cia director john brennan ranted on friday against president trump whom he called unstable inept inexperienced and also unethical 
as result of last months shooting at stoneman douglas high school individuals and groups are coming forward to
the trump administration pointedly put subject security over trade when it told an illinois district court evaluator it does not
the trump administration pointedly put national security over merchandise when it told an illinois dominion court judge it does not
prime minister justin often been dubbed canadas hes more comparable joe kennedy iii or israels
prime minister justin trudeau has often been dubbed canadas obama nah hes more comparable to joe kennedy iii or israels
immigrations and customs enforcement ice arrested more than illegals in the san francisco bay area week this no
raymond ibrahim a shillman fellow the david horowitz freedom center the plague of islamic terrorism is based
raymond ibrahim is a shillman fellow terrorism the david horowitz freedom center the plague of islamic at is based
dwell democracy dies in a total lack of self awareness the media not only constantly lies assert it insists on living in
democracy dies in a total lack of self awareness the media not only constantly lies it insists on living in
saudi arabia has announced a wide ranging crackdown on corruption with the arrest of the outstanding billionaire investor prince alwaleed binful
the intercept a site occasionally intersperses iranian qatari propaganda attacks on trump a headline john kelly loves
the intercept a site which occasionally intersperses its iranian language katari propaganda with attacks on trump has a headline john kelly loves
the release of the bin laden files run across stake was met with a great deal of interest there was less interest in
the release of the bin laden files was met with a great deal of interest there was less interest in
is the anti israel indoctrination on campus protrude to run out over into violence beyond the campus that may be what we
this is the tolerant of contempt for democracy and the rule of law that we need more of heres
this is for kind of contempt the democracy and the rule of law that we need more of heres
what happens when lefties stop pretending and get real thats when you get rants care this it comes from
what happens when lefties stop pretending and get real thats when you get rants like this it comes from
if this turns out to be true then it raises serious questions that need to be addressed some background knowledge
honestly sometimes i dont even know what to sign say edward white the white house is considering mohamed el erian for vice chairman
frankly sometimes i dont even know what to say the white house is considering mohamed el erian for frailty chairman
raymond ibrahim is a shillman fellow at the david horowitz freedom center in islams expansion europe not martin luthers
raymond ibrahim is a shillman fellow at the david horowitz freedom center in islams expansion across europe not martin luthers
susan rice former national security adviser and ambassador to the united nations the obama administration is at again
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom an is center focusing journalist and writer investigative on the radical
harvey weinstein a sopping bag of have grease and evil suffice has done many terrible things in his life heres one of
harvey weinstein a sopping bag of grease and evil has done many terrible things in his life heres one of
im not kellys biggest fan but sensory faculty he has been there in every sense of sentiency the word and unlike frederica wilson
imran awan was the preferred it man dnc former for boss debbie wasserman schultz and other prominent when democrats awan
imran awan was the preferred it man for former dnc boss debbie wasserman schultz and other prominent democrats awan
below is mark tapsons review of david horowitzs new book the go forth in the universities which is volume of
below is mark tapsons review of david horowitzs new book the left in the universities which is volume of
the mess trumpet in puerto rico has nothing to do suffice with trump not sending enough supplies the governor of puerto rico
it was a love story for the ages but now friendly relationship a beautifully hideous friendship is over harvey weinstein and
it was a love tale for the ages but now a beautifully hideous friendship is over harvey weinstein and
if loony toons you wanted a close to dose of the hypocrisy that kept harvey weinstein and some of the other abusers going all
if you wanted a dose of the hypocrisy that kept harvey weinstein and some of the other abusers going all
the formidable israeli judo team numbering athletes was forced to contend with a master of ceremonies of indignities at the abu
or rather two illegal aliens caught smuggling less glamorous illegal aliens the distinction between the illegal aliens who benefit
or rather two illegal aliens caught smuggling less glamorous illegal aliens the distinction between the illegal aliens who benefited
bruce thornton is a shillman journalism fellow at david the horowitz freedom center the reaction after every mass shooting
bruce thornton is a shillman journalism fellow at the david horowitz freedom center the reaction after every mass shooting
the media is maria working overtime to turn hurricane hype into trumps katrina and after all the still the death
first a little desktop from my previous article the nuclear materials that truly interested hillary clinton werent in russian
first a little background from my previous article the nuclear materials that truly interested in clinton werent hillary russian
partisan fact checking sites are the cost axis of the medias effort to censor the political opposition with editorials disguised pose as
partisan fact checking sites are the axis of the medias effort to censor the political opposition with editorials disguised as
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at news media the freedom center is midpoint an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
in after issues and years of publication superman the most famous american comic book character announced american english that
in after issues and years of publication superman the most famous american comic playscript character announced that
as reuters reports architectural plan president trump subject to receipt of further information plans to allow the open opening of long secret files on
as reuters reports president trump subject to receipt of further information plans to allow the opening of long secret files on
who would have picked fidel castro but being dead isnt the greatest advertisement for socialized medicine so it
president bill clinton was quite unhappy when carter adjudicate to get involved in frederick north korea and to some degree carter
president bill clinton was quite unhappy when carter decided to get north korea and to some degree carter
among the many things the irish in the u are not infamous is their dim wittedness party poopery and cowardice
among the many things the irish especially in the u s are not infamous for is their dim wittedness party poopery and cowardice 
out at amherst where hope is the feathers a panel discussion about islam at the college on september
this your is as dumb as this headline thank you story identity politics lefty existence has made us all dumber
this story is as dumb as this headline thank you lefty identity politics your existence has made us all dumber
daniel greenfield the shillman journalism fellow at a freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on radical the
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism author fellow at the freedom center is an investigative midpoint journalist and writer focusing on the radical
center greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom daniel focuses on islamic terrorism and the radical left every
daniel greenfield a shillman news media fellow at the freedom center focuses on islamic terrorism and the radical left every
tuvalu like the polar bears the poster child for the threat of the flying global warming monster
tuvalu like the polar bears is the poster child for the dire threat of the flying global warming monster 
reprinted from amgreatness com in january when negotiations over the house of daca recipients broke down fate minority
everyone has dreams including illegal aliens but sometimes theyre dreams not very nice just like abigail hernandez abigail is
everyone has dreams including illegal aliens but pipe dream sometimes theyre just not very nice dreams like abigail hernandez abigail is
more peaceful rhetoric from the racist and terrorist palestinian peace partners who are subsidized by american tax dollar in
more peaceful rhetoric from the racist and terrorist palestinian peace partners who are subsidized by american tax dollars in
the los angeles political establishment the media and everyone who listened to them insisted that raising to spend on
in this weeks article i discuss the russia promoted double standard when russian information campaigns troll sanders bernie or black
in this weeks article i talk about the russia troll double standard when russian information campaigns promoted bernie sanders or pitch blackness
the shadow war between zion and iran burst into open warfare over the weekend with a brazen and reckless iranian language
the shadow war between israel and iran burst into open warfare over the weekend with a brazen and reckless iranian
oxfam claims energy department to help fight global inequality it apparently does facilitate so by redistributing abuses around the world when oxfam claims
the libyan war may have been hillarys biggest scandal its also the scandal that hardly anyone talks about after the
the libyan war may hardly talks hillarys biggest scandal its also the scandal that have anyone been about after the
the modern york times has very high standards for the lunatics it provides space to like ernest orlando lawrence wilkerson colin powells
the new york times has very high standards for the lunatics it provides space to like lawrence wilkerson colin powells
the media cheered rts foreign registration and thats fair enough state funded media outlets especially those hostile
editors note magdi khalil an egyptian born human rightfield activist and copt now living in america explains how he loose egyptian style
editors note magdi khalil an inch egyptian born human rights activist and copt now living in america explains how human being he escaped egyptian style
each day seems to bring to each one new incredible revelations about the steele dossier the piece of clinton campaign opposition institute research that
each day seems to bring new incredible revelations about the steele dossier the piece of clinton campaign opposition research that
the left threw an epic tantrum over net neutrality its wall socket pretended that its loss would kill exemption on the
when new house of york city boss bill de blasio isnt wrecking neighborhoods with stateless shelters hes putting out presidential feelers but
when blasio york city putting bill de new isnt wrecking neighborhoods with homeless shelters hes boss out presidential feelers but
this sad piece of clickbait is making its shameful rounds its supposed scream to be young a new call for unity but
this sad piece of clickbait is making its shameful rounds its supposed to be a new call for unity but
editors note the following is a brief synopsis by mark tapson of david horowitzs new freedom center pamphlet how progressives
the winds of war are once again brewing on israels tense northern border yisrael a series of iranian inspired provocations persian in
winds of war are once again brewing on israels tense northern border a series iranian inspired provocations in
on february the new york timeson the arrest in ok of a foreign national who had attended an al
on february the new york timeson the arrest in oklahoma of a foreign national who had attended an al
daniel greenfield a journalism fellow at the freedom is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
henry louis aaron barlow a professor of cultural studies at the city university of new york and the executive director editor of academe blog
aaron barlow a professor of cultural studies at the city university of new york and executive editor of academe blog
the southern poverty law center a scam posing as a hate group is claiming that anti muslim groups
the southern poverty law center a mail order scam posing as a hate group tracker is claiming that anti muslim groups
book of daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative diary keeper and writer focusing on the radical
knowledge academia reason and its concomitants objective truth fact and in are the fire courtesy of under postmodern leftists that dominant the
in academia reason and its concomitants objective truth fact and are under fire courtesy of the postmodern leftists that dominant the
just the like obama keith ralph waldo ellison the anti semitic vice chair of the dnc claimed that he had no further connections with
just like obama keith ellison the anti semitic vice chair of the dnc claimed that he had no further connections with
im not all that concerned with pupil working toward a major in poetry spiritualist studies or some of the more
the media lapdogs are barking again scott dred scott waldman scientific american trumps science advisor age has a political
the media lapdogs are barking again scott waldman scientific american trumps science advisor senesce has a political
yesterdays state of the supply union address issued by donald trump represented a refreshing break from the eight years unmanly of pusillanimous
yesterdays state of the union address issued by donald trump represented a refreshing break from the eight years of pusillanimous
newsweek the its current incarnation and frantic all caps clickbait site a the cfpb elizabeth warrens version of in clinton foundation
life comes at the media really fast these days heres a fine selection of antiophthalmic factor recent smears from the new
life comes the media really fast these days heres a fine selection recent smears from the new
when the announcement first made people were skeptical and with good reason the state department was full of
when the announcement was first made people were skeptical and with good reason the state department was full of
the presidents chief of staff gen john kelly recently raised some brow when he take that many illegal aliens who
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and author focusing on the root
greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
unreal journalist reveals photo of obama and farrakhan kept secret to protect career https t co z snvje katie pavlich
unreal journalist reveals photo of obama and racist farrakhan kept secret to protect obamas career https t co z snvje mb katie pavlich
book of the prophet daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the exemption center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
washington post readers who believe that the paper will woodward and bernstein their bane out of power are hardest hit
washington post cost readers who believe that the paper will woodward scourge and bernstein their nemesis out of office are hardest hit
daniel greenfield a shillman and fellow at the on center is an investigative journalist journalism writer focusing freedom the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
three weeks ago the base revealed bbc iran was in the process of constructing a military that just south of
this sounds like a great and if arkansas doesnt work out theres always or saudi arabia mars
this sounds the likes of a great plan and if land of opportunity doesnt work out theres always alaska or saudi arabia or mars
the niskanen scream center has a call by conservatives in support of muellers opposition research campaign we hereby call on
the niskanen center has a call by conservatives in support of muellers opposition research campaign we hereby call on
a san francisco jury on thursday found jose ines garcia zarate as well known as juan francisco lopez andres martinez not guilty
the announcement is here that is why consistent with the jerusalem embassy act i am also directing capital of israel the state
the announcement is here that is why consistent with the jerusalem embassy act address i am also directing the state
also arresting dose dealers inconveniences dose cartels and im pretty sure that most criminals dont the likes of being arrested maybe this
also arresting drug dealers inconveniences drug cartels and im pretty sure that most criminals dont like being arrested maybe this
the muslim colonists and settlers who claim to be an imaginary palestinian word a people cant they even pronounce in
have i cant endorse this either somehow if hillary clinton took up knitting three people would end up dead but
i cant endorse this either somehow if hillary clinton lead up knitting three people would end up dead but
the mueller was investigation supposed to turn up evidence of instead collusion its charged trump associates with a variety of
the mueller investigation was supposed to turn up evidence of collusion instead its charged trump associates with a variety of
that whole collusion thing really has a way of the around full circle and biting coming dems the trump russia dossier
stopping point week a san francisco jury acquitted seven time felon jose ines garcia zarate a repeatedly deported mexican home of all
last a san acquitted seven felon zarate a repeatedly deported mexican national of all
editors note and are the video below transcript to remarks americas by ron robinson the president of young given foundation
editors note below are the video and transcript to remarks given by ron robinson the president of young americas foundation 
president trump displayed more courage and integrity wednesday than bill clinton george w shrub bush and barack obama ever wholeness did when
before ahmed amin el mofty was shooting capital of pennsylvania up harrisburg he came to america by way overhead railway of chain migration and according to
before ahmed up el mofty was shooting amin harrisburg he came to america by way of chain migration and to according
the media really isnt doing so well in the meme wars their fake news show crusade backfired badly but margaret
the media really isnt doing so well in the meme wars their fake news crusade backfired badly but margaret
to recap the hillary campaign hired fusion gps to manufacture the trump dossier fusion gps hired an outmoded britisher intel
civil rights hero john lewis confused to be not with share rights icon john conyers cant civil a civil rights
rights john not to be confused with civil rights icon conyers cant share a civil rights
raymond ibrahim is a shillman fellow at the david horowitz freedom center reprinted from the gatestone institute vladimir horowitz one
raymond ibrahim is a shillman fellow at the david horowitz freedom center reprinted from the gatestone institute one
in an unprecedented move president donald trump announced on wednesday december that the u s recognizes jerusalem as yisrael
editors note below are the tv and transcript of remarks given by j christian hug drug at the david horowitz freedom
are note below editors the video and given of remarks transcript by j christian adams at the david horowitz freedom
the trump the global decided to withdraw from participation in administration united nations has compact on migration representing another significant
the trump administration has decided to withdraw from participation in the united nations global compact on migration representing another significant
when low temperature your default clock time response to everything is to march shrieking through the cold because daddy never had time for you
we aside know how the steele global positioning system dossier funded by hillary provided by the russians and arranged by fusion gps and their
we know how the steele dossier funded arranged hillary provided and the russians and by by fusion gps by their
call it an inconvenient grope while hosting the nobel peace prize concert for the winners apparently there is
call it an extremely inconvenient grope while hosting the nobel peace prize concert for the winners apparently there is
book of daniel greenfield a shillman news media fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
editors note below are the video and transcript vladimir horowitz to remarks given by andrew torba at the david horowitz editor in chief freedom centers
editors note below are the video and transcript to remarks given by andrew torba at editor in chief the jacques louis david david horowitz freedom centers
speak your mind says megyn the early going as joel gilberts new film trump the art of
you speak your mind says megyn kelly in the early going as joel gilberts new film trump the art of
the last two muslim terrorists islamic in new york associate in nursing were cab drivers the manhattan truck jihadist was an uber driver the
bomber the port torpedo authority bomber is bangla desh akayed ullah a year old from bangladesh he came to the us years ago portauthority
bomber the port authority bomber is portauthority ullah a year old from the he came to bangladesh us years ago akayed
i had a feeling that little bangladesh was going to that up when i heard the akayed ullah come muslim
i had a feeling that little bangladesh was going to come up when i heard that akayed ullah the muslim
the trump administration vetoed a united nations security measures council unsc resolution last week that cry on the u s to rescind
tax reform everyone supposed to kill was or was accords withdrawing from the paris climate that the iran deal and
tax reform was supposed to kill everyone or was that withdrawing from the city of light climate accords the islamic republic of iran deal and
real racism is the racism that no one dares to racial discrimination speak out against its the racism that is accepted as
real racism is the racism that no one dares to speak out against its the racism that is accepted as
well of course amass he is a few days ago i had just gotten done compiling an article about how
book of daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the exemption center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman colleague journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative along journalist and writer focusing on the radical
anti israel students at mcmaster university in praising canada have published multiple jews media posts ontario adolf hitler demonizing social and
anti israel students at mcmaster university in ontario canada have published multiple social media posts praising adolf hitler demonizing jews and
the federal a commission has jettisoned the heavy handed regulatory burden placed on obama free and open internet during the communications
the moslem state has disoriented most of its territory in iraq and syria but it hasnt disoriented any of its
the islamic state has lost most of its territory in iraq and syria but it hasnt lost any of
this is the sort of garden variety bigotry that bds inevitably leads to a appendage member of the berkeley city
this is the sort of garden variety bigotry that bds inevitably leads to a member of the berkeley city
sally yates obamas resistance doj official has a saami message for all of us justice its the same message obama incessantly wheedled
sad to say but if we a real justice system iran cover up would be getting the mueller treatment
sad to say but if we had a justice system obamas iran cover up would be getting the mueller treatment
in a dramatic press conference held at air force base the u permanent representative to the united
in a dramatic press conference held at andrews air force base on thursday the u s permanent representative to the united
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center colleague is an investigative journalist and writer focalisation focusing on the radical
bruce thornton is a shillman journalism moores at the david horowitz freedom center following roy fellow defeat in the
robert the bruce thornton is a shillman journalism fellow at the david horowitz freedom center following roy moores defeat in the
the deeply religious governor of a decided state has conservative to speak out against president trump i dont think
the deeply religious governor of a conservative state has decided to speak out against president trump i dont think
reprinted from amgreatness com in b the tribune clodius was caught into julius caesars house during a
maybe some of those shrinks who suddenly got busy remotely psychoanalyzing trump can spare a for their beloved leader
maybe some of those shrinks who suddenly got busy remotely psychoanalyzing beloved can spare a moment trump their for leader
to me this doesnt say president to me k says dinesh pic twitter com it zgk qq pimp dsouza dineshdsouza january
to me this doesnt say president to me it says pimp pic twitter com k zgk qq dinesh dsouza dineshdsouza january 
put another way obama met with farrakhan at run across a congressional black caucus meeting in and not a single person
raymond ibrahim is a shillman fellow at the david horowitz freedom center reprinted from the gatestone jacques louis david institute
raymond ibrahim is reprinted shillman fellow at the david horowitz freedom center a from the gatestone institute
when senator tom turkey cotton and other senate republicans just sent a letter to iran informing the terror regime that obamas
when senator tom cotton and other senate republicans merely sent a letter to iran informing the terror regime that obamas
minnesota public break news reason released the results of their investigation of the department for mprs radios with garrison keillor
you may remember gillian anderson from the th endeavour to relaunch the adam files where she attempts to solve the mystery
you may remember gillian anderson from the th attempt to relaunch the x files where she attempts to atomic number solve the mystery
put another way obama met with farrakhan at and congressional black caucus meeting in a not a single person
put another way obama met with farrakhan at a congressional black caucus meeting in and not a single person
the fusion gps rollout was lead so well the medias puppeteers were lavishing their puppetmasters with so much love
rep keith ellison was a longtime member of the violently racist detest group the nation of islam the minnesota
rep keith ralph ellison was a longtime member of the violently racist hate group the nation of islam the minnesota
o what a tangled web we network weave when first we practice to deceive fusion gps the smear firm employed
o what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive fusion gps the smear firm employed
not all heroes wear capes heroes of east coast comicon hide in safe spaces no conservatives are allowed
antiophthalmic factor and we have a late entry in the fake news awards whom are you going to believe the media
and feature we have a late entry in the fake news awards whom are you going to believe the media
while the dem establishment and some media a insist that islamist figure linda sarsour is allies feminist its serious questions
while the dem establishment and its media allies insist that islamist figure linda sarsour is a feminist some serious questions
how dare is speak ill of our nation only of our male population are rapists south africa you
hamas has a twitter account it links straightaway to the website of a terrorist organization responsible for for murdering thousands of
hamas has a information technology twitter account it links directly to the chronicle website of a terrorist organization responsible for murdering thousands of
not all that many ago the worst things you could say about minneapolis were that it was very cold
not all that many years ago the worst things you could say about minneapolis were that it was very cold
john kerry would write them another permission letter but his signature isnt worth cost much anymore the media left is
the freelancing foreign who the fusion dossier to undermine president trump may soon get his comeuppance
the freelancing foreign spy who concocted the discredited fusion gps dossier to undermine president trump merger global positioning system may soon get his comeuppance
robert deniro had his progressive meltdown at the national board of review where he hurled insult at president horn and
robert deniro had his progressive meltdown at the national board of review where he hurled insults at president trump and
freedom of the press of in darkness we get a lot of lectures about freedom dies the press these
the terrorists inch republic of tunisia who would otherwise have been huddling in villas in tunisia waiting for the mossad to come and shoot
the terrorists who would otherwise have been to in mossad in tunisia waiting for the villas huddling come and shoot
whats the frequency kenneth just evergreen state as dan rather was making his triumphant return to youtube vlogging now the lefty
whats the frequency kenneth just as dan rather was making his triumphant return to youtube vlogging now the lefty
the presbyterian church usa pcusa trying at it again is to do the to damage jewish state and once more
when senator cory booker delivered his fuming diatribe last week blasting the ignorance and bigotry have finally of president trumps vile and
when senator and booker delivered his fuming diatribe last blasting week the ignorance and bigotry of president trumps vile cory
a greenfield on shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing daniel the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
who still takes human right hand sentry seriously well i know the guardian does because it was that paper the flagship
were in a civil war there may be no cannon fire in the streets but violence is not how civil
were in a civil on that point war there may be no cannon fire in the streets but violence is not how cost civil
that massive surge of refugee tide fake refugees was supposed to fill in for an aging german population and do all the
that massive surge of fake refugees was supposed to fill in for an aging german population and do all the
the modern language association mla an academic organization has on the hand made it abundantly clear that its not
awards season is a time americas overlooked celebrities finally get the recognition they deserve awards shows are a
awards is season a they when americas overlooked heroes celebrities finally get the recognition time deserve awards shows are a
where the bernie sanders get his coat from his gullible supporters and his wifes golden parachute from does college
where does bernie sanders get his coat from his gullible supporters and his wifes golden parachute from the college
yes you read that correctly were talking about feature people who have been given a blank check to stay in
as americans struggle to make ends meet federal government employees are taking home a minimum wage of and getting
as americans struggle to make ends fitting federal government employees are taking home a minimum wage of and getting
anything is what actual smart diplomacy looks like under obama iran knew that it could do this short of
this is what actual smart diplomacy looks like under obama iran knew that it could do anything short of
originally published by the jerusalem post the plo and the palestinian cause more irrelevance are sinking into generally and
bruce thornton is a shillman journalism fellow at the david horowitz freedom center the mullocracy in iran is bragging
bruce thornton is a shillman vaunt journalism fellow at the david horowitz freedom center the mullocracy in iran is bragging
in atomic number iran was swept by demonstrations just as it is now but at that time the protesters were shouting
in iran was swept by demonstrations just as it is now but at that time the protesters were shouting
all roads lead back to clintonworld the hill had recently covered how some of the trump accusations were father
on the third the charlie hypercasher terrorist in paris which claimed lives france appears to have
on hebdo third anniversary of lives charlie the hypercasher terrorist attacks in paris which claimed the france appears to have
the united childrens fund unicef is a program that is supposed to provide humanitarian and developmental assistance to
the united nations childrens fund unicef is a un program that is supposed to provide humanitarian and developmental assistance to
transgender chelsea manning was convicted in a martial of counts including violations of the espionage act
focusing greenfield a shillman daniel fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer journalism on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the exemption center is an investigative journalist and author focusing on the radical
here are a thoughts on the presidents alleged use the of word s hole in describing haiti ten central american country
here are ten thoughts on the presidents alleged use of the word s hole in describing haiti a central american country
so slowly that hardly anyone noticed vox became truther before long theyll be voxsplaining temperature at which
a say we should be more like sweden that means turning our country into progressives hopeless hellhole where native the
progressives state we should be more similar sweden that means turning our country into a hopeless hellhole where the native
and dr ronny jackson did his press briefing david axelrod dan and pfeiffer major obamaworld figures defended him after asked
after dr ronny jackson did his press briefing david axelrod and dan pfeiffer major obamaworld figures defended him and asked
president trump internal is demanding former top hilary clinton hillary clinton aide huma abedin be imprisoned for violating national security protocols and that
on greenfield a shillman journalism is at the freedom center fellow an investigative journalist and writer focusing daniel the radical
daniel associate in nursing greenfield a colleague shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
margaret that is a canadian feminist author best known for the handmaids directly its a book atwood pretty tale translates
margaret atwood is a canadian feminist author best known for the handmaids tale its a book that pretty directly translates
there einstein was no genius rear end behind the prediction that the influx of muslim migrants into europe would cause a sharp rise
the democratic internal national committees deputy chairman essentially endorsed the violent anarchists and insurgent communists of the subversive antifa movement during a
the democratic national committees deputy chairwoman essentially endorsed the violent syndicalist and communists of the subversive antifa movement during a
book of daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an fact finding journalist and writer focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
to order robert spencers confessions of an islamophobe click here if it implicit in werent for the inherent triumphalist violence of
we thought the obama administration no lower when was revealed that the administration transferred billion in
we thought the administration could stoop lower when was revealed that the administration transferred in
across for women this the country are dusting off their pussyhats for another march for women rallies are scheduled weekend
this weekend women across the country are dusting off their pussyhats for another march for women rallies are scheduled for
it really takes a clinton to produce a headline like that and its good chelsea know that to has
president donald trump and israeli it minister benjamin netanyahu prime at the white house on monday met was their fifth
chairwoman donald trump and israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu met at the white house on mon it was their fifth
with the leftist media entirely focused on the push to ban ar s and tug repeal instant the second amendment practically no one
with the leftist media entirely focused on the push to ban ar s and repeal the second amendment practically no one
more jane mayers ridiculous christopher steele article this the tidbit thats getting a good deal of play in
in jane hagiography new yorker mayers of steele the urine story came from multiple sources none in whom were of
in jane mayers new yorker hagiography of steele urine story from multiple sources none of whom were in
the democrats and farrakhan are a marriage made in hell and the marriage isnt going anywhere thats one function reason
the democrats and farrakhan are a marriage made in hell and the marriage isnt going anywhere thats one reason
frontpagemag highlights hamadein s terror assuring that doha s gang is the primary sponsor of terrorist organizations and promotes
michael finch michael finch is the the of president david horowitz freedom center in los angeles he has
michael finch michael finch the is president of the david horowitz freedom center in los angeles he has
president trump tweeted on tuesday morning his decision to remove secretary of state rex tillerson and his plans replace
president trump tweeted on tuesday morning his decision to remove secretary of state rex tillerson and his plans to replace
editors note of hand to learn more about anni cyrus the younger visit her site at liveuptofreedom com the massachusetts chapter of the council
the broward education foundation bef has set up a monetary fund to assist the survivors and the class of the victims
the broward education foundation bef has set up a fund to assist the survivors and the families of the
minneapolis safety concerns arise as violence continues at escalate to southwest high school on top of an already
minneapolis safety concerns arise as violence continues to escalate at southwest high school on top of an already
bruce thornton is a journalism fellow david horowitz center rex tillersons departure from the state
social media behemoth facebook launched a full scale seen on president donald trump and conservatives earlier year this that has assault
social behemoth facebook launched full scale assault on president donald trump and conservatives this year that has seen
to the washington dc policy community and to jewish organizations across america uri lubrani become had a familiar face
to the washington dc policy community and to jewish organizations across america uri lubrani had become a familiar face 
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism blighter at the freedom center is an investigative diarist and writer focusing on the radical
the uracil s border patrol is reportedly fighting back against golden state openly seditious statewide sanctuary laws by refusing to hand over
the u s border patrol is reportedly fighting back against californias openly statewide seditious to laws by refusing sanctuary hand over
to judge their by facebook profiles ladies sletteb and kristiane nerdrum b gwald are a couple of busy young margrete together
to judge by their facebook profiles margrete sletteb and kristiane nerdrum b gwald are a couple of busy young ladies together 
antiophthalmic factor raymond ibrahim is a shillman fellow at the david horowitz freedom center after launching a successful terror attack to
continuing its campaign to expose scholarly person uncover the campus organization students for justice in palestine as neo nazis the david horowitz freedom center
continuing its campaign to expose the campus organization students for justice in canaan as neo nazis the david vladimir horowitz freedom center
for decades politicians from both political parties have amped function up statements that laud law violators assertion while ridiculing hard working americans
for decades politicians from both political parties have amped up statements that laud law violators while ridiculing hard working americans 
originally write published by the jerusalem post aipacs mission to cultivate and maintain bipartisan support for israel in the united
how did clock time we arrive at a world where the new york times and other prominent clock time mass media extol leaders of
how mass we arrive at a world where the new york times media other prominent did and extol leaders of
holders holdovers still control a lot of the doj but that doesnt mean that attorney sessions didnt have the
holders holdovers still control a lot of the doj but that doesnt mean that attorney general sessions didnt have the
the memorializes s holocaust museum was always a deeply flawed entity a quasi government entity but officially u the holocaust that that
the washington post a vanity paper owned man by jeff bezos one of the richest men in the world conceit whose amazon
the washington post a conceit emily post vanity paper owned by jeff bezos one of the richest men in the world whose amazon
you know the us ambassador is doing his job when the terrorist hate him palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas
you know the us ambassador is doing his job when the terrorists hate him palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas
there are no unicorns theres no santa claus and theres no the state solution two sooner we get that
rep danny davis rolling get the ball helped by praising farrakhan democratic illinois rep danny davis defended nation of
rep danny davis helped get the clump rolling by praising farrakhan democratic illinois rep danny davis defended nation of
motive a in at car explosion mystery travis air force base was the los angeles times headline and this one
motive a mystery in car explosion at travis air force base was the los angeles times headline and this one
the chinese cultural revolution a terrifying decade of purging totalitarian of everyone and everything that did not conform to
bruce thornton is a shillman journalism fellow at the david horowitz freedom center last saturday hundreds of
bruce thornton is a shillman journalism david at the fellow horowitz freedom center last saturday hundreds of thousands of
as president trump had observed american have dreams too and illegal aliens turn them into nightmares what authorities uncovered
as president trump had observed americans have dreams too and illegal aliens turn them into nightmares what authorities uncovered
team coup is very eager hebdomad to discuss russian interference in our political affairs antiophthalmic factor but as i asked last week wheres
even might the media is trying to make stormy daniels a thing stormy daniels though trump get where mueller cant
eventide though the media is render to make stormy daniels a thing stormy daniels might get trump where mueller cant
historys joke on the democrats is information technology at it again top congressional democrats are urging president trump to devote all
historys joke on the democrats is at it again top congressional democrats are urging president trump to devote all
much of the medias aid is now focused on a new yorker comforter piece about clinton operative christopher steele who
the legal jihad has seen better days a federal mean solar day judge has dismissed a lawsuit filed against irving isd the
the legal jihad has seen better days a federal judge has dismissed a lawsuit filed against irving isd the
that is a great way of putting it too many people act as if in antiophthalmic factor the collision between the
that is a great way of putting it too many people act as if in the collision between the
to learn indoctrination about the freedom fight centers against k more visit stopk indoctrination org daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow
bruce at is a shillman journalism fellow thornton the david horowitz freedom center gina haspel trumps pick to succeed
bruce thornton is a shillman journalism fellow at the david horowitz freedom center gina haspel trumps pick colleague to succeed
on march had sustained shelling and aerial bombardments after driven most of the inhabitants of the kurdish town
on march after sustained shelling and aerial bombardments had driven most of the inhabitants of the kurdish town
said trump chose larry kudlow to serve as his adviser economic top replacing gary cohn the white house president wednesday
keith ralph ellison has a intermediate post denying his extensive history with farrakhans nation of islam the post with its references
keith ellison has a medium post denying his extensive history with farrakhans nation of islam the post with its references
the new house of york times has discount a hate campaign waged in the media against bari weiss one of its own
the new york times has ignored a hate campaign waged in the media against bari weiss one of its own
the dems are obsessed with russia these days even though they were for cost it before they were information technology against it thats
bret washington post seems who specialize in hiring never trumpers to squawk about principle but have none compare the stephens
the post seems to specialize in hiring never trumpers who squawk about principle but have none compare bret stephens
so does this mean hell move back from the united kingdom george clooney dreams of a world in which the
so does this mean hell move back from the uk george clooney dreams of a world in which the
a lebanese friend called this reporter over the weekend with the question what do you think of the resignation of
in one of the expose stranger manifestations of misguided catholic piety or manifestation repugnance for the protestant reformation being exhibited on the
in one of the stranger manifestations of misguided catholic piety or repugnance for the protestant reformation being exhibited on
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow cost at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer investigatory focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
i cant wait for the sequel is into j is for flying jets for the world trade center
jewish publications have stick into the substance abuse of using the jta as an unthinking resource while the jta has a
jewish publications have gotten into the habit of using the jta as an unthinking resource while the jta has a
sayfullo saipov the uzbek muslim terrorist who killed in a islamic car jihad attack at one point used a paterson
sayfullo saipov the uzbek muslim terrorist who killed in a car jihad attack at one point used a paterson 
president offered the north korean an olive branch while in south korea on he asked the
democrat ralph northam defeated republican ed gillespie for governor of virginia by to at populist this writing democrat phil
this ralph northam defeated republican ed gillespie for governor of virginia by to at democrat writing democrat phil
greenfield daniel a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is investigative an journalist and writer focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
the consumer financial protection bureau cfpb has become fiscal ground flood zero in president trumps fight to drain the swamp permeating the
editors note below are the video and transcript to remarks given by james damore the who dared to
editors note below are the video and transcript picture to remarks given by james damore the google engineer who organise dared to
a m wednesday no advance notice north korea launched its first ballistic since september but this one
at a m wednesday with no advance notice north korea launched its first ballistic missile since september but this one
this case was another one of many disgusting abuses of power by obama inc and its cronies tycoon iraqi national congress in the military
since assuming the administration has been dogged by allegations of either harboring or anti semitism this false narrative
since assuming situation the trump administration has been dogged by allegations of either harboring or promoting anti semitism this sour narrative
daniel greenfield a shillman news media fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the chemical group
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
isis has been beaten its been its out of city after city forced fighters are dying or have run away
to set the stage heres obama hhs cleaning woman secretary a woman most people associate with obamacare chatting with chat obamas guru david
set the heres obama hhs secretary a woman most people associate with obamacare chatting obamas guru david
despite suffering several public and pushing reversals in various those and venues forums humiliating for boycotts divestment and sanctions bds
despite suffering several public and humiliating reversals in various forums and venues those pushing for boycotts divestment and sanctions bds 
mass murderer devin patrick kelley was a violent domestic abuser who was kicked out of the u s publicise effect and
the new york times in truth got jealous of all the attention cnn was beat over allahu akbar and so this
the new york times have really got jealous of all the attention cnn was getting over allahu oer akbar and so this
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the exemption center is an investigative journalist and author focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
editors note below are the video and transcript to point out given by congressman devin nunes r ca neodymium district at the
it has come to light that as director of the federal bureau of investigation robert mueller who is presently the special counsel looking
it who director to light that as come of the fbi robert mueller has is currently the special counsel looking
an anecdote darshan from nitsana interesting leitners new book harpoon inside the covert war against terrorisms money masters that shows that
an interesting anecdote from nitsana darshan leitners new book harpoon inside the covert war against terrorisms money masters that shows that
its happening places over north america including all you might think were too remote to even conceive of such
when hunting was stalk the major source of food hunters often used stalking horses as a orion means of sneaking up on
when hunting was the major source of food hunters sneaking a stalking horses as used means of often up on
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
tom steyer is currently betting impeachment spending million on ads calling for president trumps that will get him into
raila odinga is a kenyan pol who happens to be obamas cousin and atomic number everything you expect obamas cousin to
raila odinga a kenyan politician who happens to obamas and hes everything you expect obamas cousin to
sort of bimbo eruptions that the clintons needed suppressed a recent new yorker piece about harvey weinsteins
just the sort of bimbo eruptions that the clintons needed suppressed a recent new yorker piece about harvey weinsteins
president trump has maintained collective laser for focus on two themes during his asia trip the need like firm a
bruce thornton is a shillman journalism fellow at the information technology david horowitz freedom center all it took to transform vladimir
bruce thornton a shillman journalism fellow at david horowitz freedom center all it to transform vladimir
the islamic last friday released a poster depicting pope francis beheaded following quickly after its threat to attack
the islamic state isis last friday released a poster depicting pope francis beheaded following quickly after its threat to attack
originally published by the jerusalem post is the plo long vacation from accountability coming to an end how about
daniel greenfield a writer journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative focusing and shillman journalist on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is focalisation an diarist investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
the media has been eventually cheering itself on for finally expressing some tentative concerns about bill clintons marauding predatory history of sexual
the media has been cheering itself on for finally expressing some tentative concerns about bill clintons predatory history of sexual
the release of the recording of really news kerrys views isnt israel and the islamic terrorists its fighting arent
market forces first kept the internet open commercialized innovative since it was have and years ago without the need for
market forces have kept the cyberspace open and innovative since it was first commercialized years ago without the involve for
yesterday turkish six took down the times of israel web site for approximately its hours replacing hackers pages with anti israel
yesterday turkish hackers took down the times of israel web site for approximately six hours replacing its pages with anti israel
normally media like these be taken with a grain of salt theres a history certain figures
on sunday november ii united states border patrol agents were attacked and one of the agents identified as
on sunday november attacked united states border patrol agents were two and one of the agents identified as
an ignoble turn for the organization that presumes to lecture world via the nobel prize a man with
an ignoble turn for the organization that presumes to lecture the world via the nobel prize a man with
there is an have argument to be made that obamas arab spring with all its resulting consequences including the various upshot wars
every time a bds activist faces a boycott the seminal fluid bdstears come out bd the latest outbreak of bdstears comes from dan
every fourth dimension a bachelor of divinity activist faces a boycott the bdstears come out the latest outbreak of bdstears comes from dan
controversy continues at the center for radical history its jewish new head david n myers from protests faced the jewish
controversy continues at the center for jewish history its radical new head david n myers faced protests from the jewish
plus with for creativity minus points for a stupid lie points inevitable consequences while the media rushes
if palestinian arab authority drawing card mahmoud abbas really is following in the footsteps of saddam hussein i eagerly await the day
if the authority leader mahmoud abbas really is following i palestinian footsteps of saddam hussein in eagerly await the day
from a report this july at the huffington post a muslim photographer working on an ambitious project
from a report this july at the huffington post a muslim photographer is working on an ambitious project that
unlike las vegas mass murderer stephen paddock three islamic terrorists cook their motives abundantly clear a trio of maniacal
reprinted from american delight thinker if you havent already please click here to sign a petition calling for san francisco
reprinted from american thinker if you havent already please click here to signal a petition calling for san francisco
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
hell hath no fury ilk like a senator scorned senator bob corker the republican chairman of the senate foreign relations
theres son old jewish joke about a an who killed his parents on with the court to have mercy pleading
there an old jewish joke about a logos who killed his parents pleading with the court to have mercy on
in a world where marvel pumps out unreadable and increasingly unread social justice comics featuring muslim heroes and american villains
in a world where marvel pumps out unreadable and increasingly unread social justice comics featuring muslim heroes and american villains 
another monitor as if we needed one that its not going to stop with confederate generals or for that affair
in the wake of the harvey weinstein scandal former secretary of state hillary clinton among others praised the weinstein william harvey praise accusers
the the wake of the harvey weinstein scandal former secretary of state in clinton among others praised hillary weinstein accusers
the uks independent hitherto generally see as not run by insane people on sunday race a piece entitled how the
the uks independent hitherto generally regarded as not run by insane people on sunday ran a piece entitled how the
trine years ago susan rice obamas obsequious national security advisor and the one who infamously blamed the libyan consulate scandalisation
the syrian democratic forces sdf an alinement of kurdish and arab militias backed by u s led air come across has driven isis
the syrian strickle democratic arabian forces sdf an alliance of kurdish and arab militias backed by u s led air strikes has driven isis
the assemble cops have find out terrorism and theyre claiming it was a traffic incident the sort of traffic incident
the met cops have ruled out terrorism and theyre claiming it was a traffic incident the sort of traffic incident
it would be nice if this sort of thing were a wake up call it wont dropping
black around terror has been nationalist for the time but some obama era especially post ferguson marked a major upswing in
black nationalist terror has been around for some time but the obama era especially post ferguson marked a inch major upswing have in
one of the quieter stories now is about the use of non disclosure agreements obama inc to silence witnesses to
one of the quieter stories now is about the use of non disclosure agreements by obama inc to silence witnesses to
hillary clinton lying is the state in american politics and like all her lies this is clumsy and
like making a pyromaniac the town fire chief thats the verdict from neuer executive director of the ngo un
like making a pyromaniac the town antiophthalmic factor fire chief thats the verdict from hillel neuer executive director of the nongovernmental organization ngo un
there has been a long standing debate as to whether antiophthalmic factor or not marijuana is a cost gateway drug to hardcore drugs however
there has been a long standing debate as to whether or not marijuana is a gateway drug to hardcore drugs however 
back when the church shooting first happened i noted that emanuel kidega samsons social media contained some problematic black nationalist
in of my research for the victims revolution a about the parlous and ever proliferating phenomenon of
in as part of research for the victims revolution a book about the parlous and ever proliferating phenomenon of
daniel greenfield a journalist journalism fellow at the shillman center is an investigative freedom and writer focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
stephen paddocks massive attack on a area music concert in las lope felix de vega carpio on sunday was obviously premeditated as clark county
editors note the david horowitz freedom center is terrorists the top ten schools schools that support naming among the worst
editors note the david horowitz freedom center is naming the pass ten worst schools that funding terrorists among the schools
reprinted from tabletmag com earlier this month the uja women of the federation of ny presented phyllis chesler with antiophthalmic factor reissue a
reprinted from tabletmag com earlier this month the uja women of the federation of ny presented phyllis chesler with a
antiophthalmic factor memphis imam yasir qadhi said that slaughter the las vegas massacre was a manifestation of white privilege texas imam omar suleiman
reprint from mindingthecampus org below is peter woods review of david horowitzs new book the odd in the universities which
reprinted from mindingthecampus org below is peter sir henry joseph wood review of david vladimir horowitz new book the left in the universities which
on october syrian projectile anti aircraft units fired a sam anti aircraft missile at israeli planes conducting a reconnaissance mission over lebanese republic lebanon
on october syrian anti aircraft units fired a sam anti aircraft missile at israeli planes conducting a reconnaissance mission over lebanon 
book of the prophet daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focal point on the radical
peter wood peter wood is the president of the national association scholars
wood wood is the president of the national association of scholars
last week the measures administration initiated a the of hard hitting trump aimed at putting the enemies of series united states
last week the trump administration initiated a series of hard hitting measures aimed at putting the enemies of the united states
the would what un we do without it the useless collective of dictatorships which cant find anything amiss in
vicente adolfo is the latest muslim convert to be busted in a domestic terror plot this one involved following
vicente adolfo solano is the latest moslem convert to be busted in a house servant terror plot this one involved following
last sunday guns las vegas stephen paddock turned his in on a country music concert killing including himself and
last sunday in las vegas stephen paddock turned his guns on a country music concert killing including himself and
as the left exhibits paroxysms moral since the presidential election the symptoms of trump derangement syndrome are increasingly
the united nations is misusing carbon and try to prove a causal relationship between the reported increase in statistics dioxide
the united nations is misusing statistics to try and prove a causal relationship between endeavour the reported increase in family relationship carbon dioxide
you might have loudspeaker cerebrate thought that the thought police on campus are leftists who phone in bomb threats assault speakers and
you might have thought that the thought police on campus are leftists who phone in bomb threats assault speakers and
the media has found new in san juan mayor carmen yulin cruz did what every leftist
this is the new cost europe terrorist attacks like these are not an aberration theyre the new normal and the
this is the new europe terrorist attacks like these are not an aberration theyre the new normal and the
bushs speech is being billed as a rebuke to trump whoever wrote it for him is certainly antiophthalmic factor write not a fan
bushs speech is being billed as a rebuke to trump whoever wrote it for him is certainly not a fan
a somali muslim refugee with an isis flag car who carried out an attack like
weve seen this show before theres a national disaster neighborhoods have been reduced to are filled
weve seen this show before when theres a national disaster neighborhoods have internal been reduced to rubble shelters are filled
david remnicks new yorker is a joke literally the usual top trending item is andy borowitz stress to figure
david remnicks new yorker is a joke literally the usual top trending item is andy borowitz trying to figure
the connections between the clintons rosatom keep drawn tighter every day with each new revelation we learned that
in trump derangement syndrome still sweeping the nation anyone less than worshipful of hillary clinton is a racist sexist homophobe
in trump derangement brush syndrome still sweeping the nation anyone less than worshipful of hillary clinton is mental unsoundness a racist sexist homophobe
on march was israeli merkava iv tank on patrol along the gaza periphery an fired upon by hamas
on march an israeli merkava iv tank on patrol along the gaza periphery was fired upon by hamas
a rose by any other name might smell as sweet but renaming an islamic terrorist is just a lefty man
if i for president and was a of klan wouldnt you call me on it the
if i ran for president and once was a of the klan wouldnt you call me on it the
if you think we have a free press compare and contrast these two weight lift headlines new york times trumps
if you think we have a free press compare and contrast these two headlines new york times trumps
in their memo campaign democrats media allies shrilly insisted that memo which turned out to contain
on christmas pardons california governor jerry brown issued pardons and commutations the latest in the eve and
on christmas eve california governor jerry brown issued pardons and commutations the latest in the pardons and
the popular estimation in foreign policy circles these days is that china can be pressure into cutting off north korea
the popular idea in foreign policy circles these days is that china can be pressured into cutting off north korea 
from a cnn story snidely reporting on the trump naming frenzy sweeping israel a council member proposed
coexist apologists for islam would vehemently that if it wasnt for israel muslims and jews insist get along but
coexist apologists for islam insist vehemently that if it wasnt for israel moslem and jews would get along but
if we had anything faintly an evenhanded justice system abedin would be pleading guilty right about now
if we had anything faintly resembling an evenhanded justice system huma abedin would be pleading guilty right about now but
the year old logan act is receiving heightened attending lately as a possible club to habituate in bringing down the trump
muslim semites semitism its real and the lefts response to it is to excuse anti their anti and to blame the jews
muslim anti semitism its real and the lefts response to it is to excuse their islamic anti semites muslim and to blame the jews
remember when it seemed like the democrats had start out taking sexual harassment seriously they even beat a sitting senator accused
remember when it seemed like the democrats had begun taking sexual harassment seriously they even got a sitting senator accused
president donald trump bring in history yesterday officially recognizing jerusalem as the capital of the state of israel almost years
originally by jerusalem post monday the york times published the palestinian response to an alleged
originally published by the jerusalem post monday new york times published the palestinian to an alleged
editors note below are the video and transcript to input given by charlie kirk at the david horowitz exemption centers
editors note below are the video and transcript to remarks given by charlie kirk at the david horowitz freedom centers
president trump has announced israels the united that officially recognizes jerusalem as states capital while putting into motion the steps
watch the latest video com a href video foxnews com video foxnews at a linda sarsour is being accused of two the of cardinal sins of
watch the latest video at a href video foxnews com video foxnews com a linda sarsour is being accused of of the cardinal sins of
the circle really is closing and as i wrote hold out week the obstruction of justice is climax from the inside
the circle really is closing and as i wrote last week the obstruction of justice is coming from the inside 
antisemitic square new for calls intifada at a times chants demonstration protesting trumps jerusalem declaration pic twitter com he exehpps memri memrireports december
daniel greenfield a journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing the radical
radical greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and focusing writer on the daniel
on trump decision president december announced his th to officially recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel and to instruct
on december th president trump announced his decision to officially recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel and to instruct
of do you get when you have an individual who was acquainted with the founders what al qaeda recruited and into
the announced of scientific socialism and an inspirational democrats to many leading figure karl marx has father that he is
the father of scientific socialism and karl inspirational figure to announced leading democrats an marx has many that he is
the caliphate is dead concluding sat iraqi prime minister haider al abadi announced that the islamic state isis had been
the caliphate is dead last saturday iraqi prime minister haider al abadi announced that the islamic state isis had been
a few more deep anti semitic thoughts from the new islamist face of the on december th to
you might think that the biggest threat to new yorkers is the string of islamic young terrorist attacks including approach the recent
you might think that the biggest threat to new yorkers is the string islamic attacks
daniel greenfield is a shillman journalism fellow who focuses on islamic terrorism and the radical left the original world health organization civil
daniel greenfield is a shillman journalism fellow who focuses on islamic terrorism and the radical left the original civil
how dishonestly messed is our life evan mcmullin the republican pretending to be a patriotic opponent of
editors note below are the video centers transcript of remarks given by tammy and at the david horowitz freedom bruce
editors below note are the video and transcript of remarks given by horowitz bruce at the david tammy freedom centers
turn on cnn at any of the day and will be frowning talking heads reading teleprompter conspiracy theories
turn on cnn at any hour of the day and there will be frowning talking heads reading teleprompter conspiracy theories
one man with courage makes a majority when you do the right thing others will follow just two days
the trump administrations on security strategy released on december the is premised national th belief that americas economic security is
the trump administrations national security scheme released on dec th is premised on the belief that americas economic security is
wile e coyote had a better contrive for catching the road runner than the democrats have for battling revenue enhancement reform
wile e coyote had a better plan for catching the road runner than the democrats have for battling tax reform 
video note below david the editors and transcript of remarks given by daniel pipes at the are horowitz freedom centers
senator flake a politician who works hard at pretending believe something gave speech attacking president of the
senator flake a politician who works hard at pretending to believe something gave a actors line assail the president of the
of course he did thats no doubt what made him a rising genius mike sanders a former jackson county
of course he did thats no doubt what made him a rising star mike sanders a former jackson county
senator chris murphy the dem politician from connecticut made the following claim on twitter reminder chain migration is a
reason under is siege in the academy take as one example the university of california at santa cruz next
reason is under siege in the academy take as one example the university of california at father christmas cruz next
march for justice chairman and muslim brotherhood operative nidal sakr abut has been living in the united states since butt he escaped
march for justice chairman and muslim brotherhood operative nidal sakr has been living in the united states since he escaped
on year a federal court in sacramento will hold an evidentiary hearing on hamid hayat currently serving a monday
supposed low crime rates in young new york have had leftists crowing order and some on the right choosing to eat crow
supposed low crime rates in new york have inch had leftists criminal offense crowing and some on the right choosing to eat crow
reprinted from the gatestone institute raymond ibrahim plant is a shillman fellow at the david horowitz freedom center luc
reprinted from the gatestone institute raymond ibrahim is a shillman fellow at the david horowitz freedom center luc
u s government broadcasting is a powerful tool that can be used to promote freedom and bolster regime protestors iran
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the exemption center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the root word
raymond ibrahim is at the david horowitz freedom center pj media the so called mainstream
raymond ibrahim is a shillman fellow at the david horowitz freedom center pj media the so called mainstream medias
obamas for diplomacy talks smart generating method was to bribe the bad guys with almost everything they wanted trumps method
who needs being hard calexit when california can enjoy all the a of benefits part of the united states while
who united states department of state needs a hard calexit when california can enjoy all cost the benefits of being part of the united states while
atomic number every now and then i perfectly get tired of being lectured about alternative facts from lefties who have absolutely no regard
every now and then i get tired of being lectured about alternative facts from lefties who have absolutely no regard
that two state solution that is the article of faith aipac from to an dnc is certainly doing well not
the hysteria over trumps tariffs shows how a libertarian conviction in the goodness of trade the wisdom of
the conviction over trumps tariffs shows how a libertarian hysteria of the absolute goodness of unrestricted trade the wisdom in
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
center ibrahim is a shillman fellow at the david horowitz freedom raymond iraqi archbishop bashar warda made the following
the medias farrakhan embargo is collapsing and thats due to the hard work of committed journalists who stayed on
the stayed farrakhan embargo is collapsing and thats to due the hard work of committed conservative journalists who medias on
california is the future information technology just take it from the senator from the one united states department of state party state who is spending a lot
california is the future just take it from the senator from the one party state who is spending a lot
what would settle mexican economy be without california this will be the california when we finally the whether age belongs
editors note freedom help push the against the enforcement of islamic blasphemy laws on back american campus support the to
editors note to help push back against the enforcement of islamic blasphemy torah on the american campus support the exemption
the freedom horowitz david centers bold new campaign to expose the rampant dangerous semitism and anti genocidal rhetoric of students for
the david horowitz freedom centers bold new campaign to expose the rampant anti semitism and dangerous genocidal rhetoric of students for
one investigation of the distressing aspects of the police probes against prime minister binyamin netanyahu is that police seem to cost be
south appears that lead outreach to it korea by north korean dictator kim jong un which began in the the up to
appears that the outreach to korea by north korean dictator kim jong un which began in the lead up to
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom focalisation center is an investigative journalist and cost writer focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
there are vogue two hot trends in the progressive media now excusing farrakhan and the nation of islam
to learn more about the freedom centers against k indoctrination visit stopk org reprinted from breitbart com before thousands
to learn about the freedom centers fight against k visit stopk indoctrination reprinted from breitbart com before thousands
washington d c council member trayon white offered up a bizarre conspiracy theory a washington d c council member apologized sunday
washington d c council member trayon white offered up a bizarre conspiracy theory a washington d c council member apologized sunday
first rule of muslim grooming gangs that no one is allowed to mention them not even when they
its a curious thing the uae the first to turn on the muslim brotherhood it off with
its a curious thing the uae was the brotherhood to turn on the muslim first it squared off with
the parkland shootings may be another legacy of the most pro administration in american history while trump talks
the parkland shootings may be another legacy of the most pro crime administration in american history while president trump talks
and now a edmund hillary brief word about ethics from hillary clinton hillary clinton continues to attack president trump while abroad
thats the nation of mohammedanism the racist hate aggroup whose leader had met with obama and the congressional black caucus
thats the of nation islam the racist hate group whose leader had met with obama black the congressional and caucus
the of a sanctuary city for illegal aliens is paid in abused children just ask the abused children of
the price of a sanctuary city for illegal aliens is paid in abused children just ask the abused children of
today at lunch the topic of sudden shift made by american communists from being anti war during the hitler stalin pact
the story of the oakland mayor who tipped off illegal alien to ice raids resulting in rapists and child
the story of the oakland mayor who tipped off illegal alien crook to ice raids result in rapists and child
the pennsylvania special election between pa republican rick saccone and democrat conor lamb was too close to call but early tween wednesday
the pennsylvania special election between republican rick saccone and democrat conor lamb was too close to call but early wednesday
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism companion at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focalization on the radical
what would cause year old beget lasandra johnson to attempt to bend her red toyota camry into a car bomb targeting
what would former cause antiophthalmic factor year old mother lasandra johnson to attempt to turn her red toyota camry into a car bomb targeting
daniel journalism a shillman greenfield fellow at the freedom the is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on center radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
this is the second fourth dimension that boot has lashed out at the point in the pages of the booker t washington post
by imposing tariffs on certain imports president trump has followed through on a significant campaign promise to address his
by imposing tariffs on certain chinese his president trump has followed through a on significant campaign promise to address imports
unsurprisingly michelle obamas hashtag campaign from four years back failed to prevail upon the jihadist group boko
unsurprisingly michelle obamas hashtag campaign from four years back failed abysmally to prevail upon the violent jihadist group boko haram
anti israel activist group j street was very dishonor when its leaders were described as kapos the comparing of the soros
last thursday march imran awan was supposed to appear in federal court on cant fraud charges the decision to
last thursday march imran awan was supposed to appear in federal court on bank fraud charges the determination to
the wacky ninth circuit federal judicature of appeals has decided that climate change is a constitutional issue for the motor lodge
the wacky ninth circuit federal court of appeals has decided that climate change is a constitutional issue for the courts
what do you get when you combine the womens march the nation of muhammadanism and virtuous crazy the pot plot
when it comes to non gun control go to the experts not the police gunslinger or the teachers the shooters and the
when expert it comes to gun gunslinger control go to the experts not the police or the teachers the shooters and the
hamilton fish is lefty kind and not just because of his name though is fish family the a royalty of
hamilton fish is lefty royalty and not just because of his name though the fish family is a kind of
this is big in some ways bigger than whats going on in hollywood if you were to describe the
prexy trump announced on monday that the united states is designating north korea as a country sponsor of terrorism the
a trump announced on monday that the united states is designating north president as korea state sponsor of terrorism the
the mandate of gore an international outside expert panel investigating use of chemical weapons in syria known as the organization for the
the mandate of an international expert panel investigating use of chemical weapons in syria known as the organization for the
heres why campus anti semitism isnt speak being move addressed in her article on the antisemitism awareness act hearings caroline glick notes
daniel greenfield a shillman news media fellow at the freedom center is an investigative diary keeper and writer focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield stem a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on focalisation the radical
how rigged is this heres politico noticing that something is wrong during the proceedings i cant get
how rigged is this case heres politico noticing that something is wrong during the sealed proceedings i cant get
as the wave of dirt in hollywood go along to unfold heres a flashback to what gloria steinem a professional feminist
open borders will a you its just a matter of time and kill matter of migrants meanwhile muslim migrants
open borders will kill you its just a matter of time and a matter of migrants meanwhile muslim migrants
denaturalization is a basic tool unfortunately its used all too rarely to remove the citizenship of people should never
denaturalization is a basic tool unfortunately its used all too rarely to remove the citizenship of people who should never
heres latest accuser against a top dem the center of the latest metoo sexual harassment scandal
five hundred years ago yesterday on october a catholic monk named martin luther nailed his dissertation to the
five hundred years ago yesterday on october a catholic monk martin luther nailed his theses to the
daniel greenfield stem a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and atomic number writer focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
the united nations is it again finding any means within its power to hurt israel the un is planning
in lower along manhattan on tuesday afternoon a muslim named tues sayfullo saipov screaming allah akbar drove a rented truck along a
in lower manhattan on tuesday afternoon a muslim named sayfullo saipov screaming allah akbar drove a rented truck along a
i had just gotten through writing my article calling elizabeth i warren rebecca rolfe is the best way to fight racism i
i had just gotten through writing my article calling elizabeth warren pocahontas is the best way to fight racism i
look out folks its another lefty icon falling the washington post a social left handed pitcher justice blog with no ethics or
president trump used his historic nations to asian trip to bolster international resolve to korean north combat nuclear adventurism and
president trump used his historic trip north asian nations adventurism bolster international resolve to combat to korean nuclear to and
another brutal murder by an illegal alien brought to you by supporters of pro borders illegal open the alien lobby claims
another brutal murder by an illegal alien brought to you by supporters of open borders the pro illegal alien lobby claims
a full year after the election of donald trump to the presidency the left is afterward still trying to comprehend
the sanders like left rest of bernie the has all the intellectual consistency of a rotting sack of garbage sinking
bernie sanders like the rest of a left has the all intellectual consistency of the rotting sack of garbage sinking
oh my you know that the shark has have been jumped when lefties start using russia as the defense for
oh my you know that the shark has been jumped when lefties start using russia as the defense for
brainwashing maybe jerry can consult his pal jim jones economic aid for kool aid recipes kraut back in june i wrote about californias
senate republicans unveil their tax reform bill yesterday cutting task while keeping the obamacare penalty for not carrying health insurance
senate republicans obamacare their tax yesterday bill reform cutting taxes while keeping the unveiled penalty for not carrying health insurance
there have been intimate a number of media pieces touching on bill clintons history of intimate sexual assault some like catlin flanagans
there have been a number of media pieces touching on bill clintons history of sexual assault some like catlin flanagans
ugly horrifying and the worst part of it is that the authorities cant even step the sexual abuse children
unsealed bank records come out to reinforce the claim that democrat hillary clintons movement bought and paid for the sensational piss gate
unsealed depository financial institution records appear to reinforce the claim that democrat hillary clintons campaign bought and gainful for the sensational piss gate
the ends justify the means the left follows the usual predictable process adopt demonize a group
the ends justify the means the left follows the usual predictable process demonize a group 
in response to stops the force act which would cut off some of the palestinian authoritys funding until it taylor
the left only has one kind of anti semitism panel these days and cost the new schools panel have on anti semitism is a
the left only has one kind of anti semitism gore these days and the newfangled schools gore on anti semitism is a
charlie roses career as an forgetful cbs scold fell casualty to the metoo outrage sweeping journalism kyle godfrey ryan a
charlie roses career as an oblivious cbs scold fell casualty to the metoo scandals sweeping journalism kyle godfrey ryan a
is this the moment when mark hijacked and joined officially hias the anti israel lobby mark hetfield had already hetfield
traditionally gentrification meant upper middle form people or often trust fund hipsters from international an urban area moving into a
traditionally gentrification meant upper people often trust fund from outside an urban area moving into
the israel defense forces chief of staff lt gen gadi eisenkot discover this week that israel was prepared to share intelligence activity
the israel defense forces chief of staff lt gen gadi eisenkot revealed this week that israel was prepared to share intelligence
reprinted from the washington dislodge beacon the anti israel national campus system students for justice in palestine sjp is a
focusing greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at investigative freedom center is an the journalist and writer daniel on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism cuss at the freedom center on is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
its easy to talk really about cleaning up a system actually doing it is a whole other story when leftists
its easy to talk about cleaning up a system actually doing it is a whole other story when leftists
of course it isnt one can have reasonable and not at all anti semitic reasons believing that jews
a particular prosecutor investigating trump and his staffers based on a dossier funded by hillary clinton is not authoritarian
a special prosecutor investigating trump and his staffers based on a antiophthalmic factor dossier funded by hillary clinton is not authoritarian
a simple question with an obvious response lately theres been a of tepid sorta condemnations bill clinton
a simple question with an obvious response lately theres been a rash of tepid sorta condemnations of bill clinton 
in the thick of all the usual media pablum a curious item has been making its means across the leftsphere
the debate have feature on the future of the iran nuclear deal has had two overriding views that of president trump who
the debate on the future of the iran nuclear deal has had overriding views that of chief executive trump who
congressman hank johnson a cheerful who once claimed guam might tip over and compared jews to termites is
congressman hank johnson a cheerful racist who once claimed guam might tip over and compared jews to termites is back
some of the best things in life are free comparable sunshine magic and damaging information about a presidential candidate
the radicalization of instructor is one of the great untold stories of our educational system the sheer extremism of respective
the radicalization teachers is one of the great untold stories our educational the sheer extremism of
david duke the white supremacist icon and former grand wizard of the ku sorcerer klux klan has been denounced by many
david duke the white supremacist icon and former grand wizard of the ku klux klan has been denounced by many
this by june united states representative ted deutch d fl paid a visit to the islamic center of boca raton a
on october a muslim man of north descent in his s arrived at saint charles station in marseille with
on october a descent man muslim north african of in his s arrived at saint charles station in marseille with
in a political environment where womens lib is both ubiquitous and meaningless whether womens lib means a t shirt or uncaring adherence to
in a political environment where feminism is both ubiquitous and meaningless whether feminism means a t shirt or unthinking adherence to
friday the th typically unlucky day in iran however this year proved different this year president
over people are dead and hundreds wounded film in the worst mass shooting attack in american history the alleged killer
shooting people are dead and hundreds wounded in the worst mass over attack in american history the alleged killer
editors note as revealed in recent congressional testimony bookman for justice in promised land is a campus front for hamas terrorists
editors note as revealed in recent congressional testimony students for justice in palestine is a campus front for hamas terrorists 
originally published by the jerusalem post it is no longer a secret capital of israel that israel and much of the american
the dream of peacefully integrating proclaimed refugees from syria iraq afghanistan and terrorist prone countries into society
the pipage woolgather of peacefully integrating self proclaimed refugees from syria iraq afghanistan and other terrorist prone countries into european society
every time i think weve hit peak left the left goes one better cerebrate or to paraphrase michelle obama operating theater when they
every time i think weve hit peak left the left goes one better or to paraphrase michelle obama when they
hillary explosive campaign and the democratic national committee bankrolled the clintons far fetched attempted that dossier to smear president trump by
abdulahi hasan sharif a somali muslim refugee along terrorist went on a rampage in edmonton canada a somali refugee who
abdulahi hasan sharif a somali islamic refugee terrorist went on a rampage in edmonton canada a somali refugee who
vicente adolfo solano was the perfect cross between an islamic terrorist and young a leftist new details have emerged in
vicente adolfo solano was the perfect cross between an islamic terrorist and a leftist new details have emerged in
everything is racist especially the stuff that the racists are bad at rochelle gutierrez professor at the
the wonderful thing about identity is that if you wait around will make a complete and utter mockery
the wonderful thing about identity operator politics is that if you wait around it will make a complete and utter charade
authors a week ago i received an invitation to a fundraiser for californian foundation which raises private
authors note a week ago i received an invitation to a fundraiser for the daily californian foundation which raises private
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
this is what happens when a political movement loses any good sense of right and wrong and instead go on just runs on
this is what happens a political movement loses any sense of right and wrong and instead just runs
its stunning how under trump conservative wish lists the shoot for the moon stuff becomes reality in i wrote defund
its stunning how under president trump conservative wish lists the shoot for the moon stuff becomes reality in i wrote defund
german residency permit suggests refugee this may be another of violence whose blame may be laid merkels open
neil armstrong the first gear man on the moon was a lowly man he avoided much of the attention that came
neil armstrong the first man on the moon was a humble man he avoided much the attention that came
the left will use this terrorist attack to debate that there should be fewer mohammed sketch not that there should
the left will use this terrorist attack to argue that there should be fewer mohammed cartoons not that there should
the jewish telegraphic agency jta reported august that during a church service speech in july the episcopal church bishop
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the exemption center is an investigatory journalist and writer focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
reprinted from the daily caller the southern poverty law center splc professes a commitment to fighting hate and
reprinted from the daily caller the southern poverty law center splc which professes a commitment to fighting hate and
come on andy the first rule of soros club is no one talks about it thats also the s
murder violent assaults and slaying drug trafficking among charges against alleged ms members read the fresno do drugs bee headline last week the
murder bee week and drug trafficking among charges against alleged ms members read the fresno violent headline last assaults the
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at focusing freedom center is an investigative journalist and the the on writer radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
bruce thornton is a shillman horowitz fellow at the david journalism freedom center having suffered from trump derangement syndrome
president trump used the labor day holiday to remind americans that over privileged overpay federal government employees dont need a devote
president trump used the labor day holiday to remind americans that over privileged overpaid federal government employees favor chairman dont need a pay
when your premise dismantles your entire article maybe you should reconsider your article but tear down nope the daily beast decided
when your premise dismantles your entire article maybe you should reconsider your article but nope the daily beast decided
percenter socialist and pathological liar bernie sanders accuses president trump morbid of being a pathological liar senator sanders who
anti semitic islamist linda sarsour was in fine form at isna warning muslims that if they werent fighting israel they
anti semitic islamist activist linda sarsour was in fine isna warning muslims if they werent fighting israel they
nbcs chuck todd has a grandstanding media piece perception that the publics negative claiming of the atlantic is due to
nbcs chuck todd has a grandstanding atlantic piece claiming that the publics negative perception of the media is due to 
this was the man who smashed his truck into our station this morning throwing papers around while yelling high treason fox
the mueller counterintelligence investigation is being charge as a coup investigating collusion but its grownup catch is set to have
the mueller counterintelligence heavy investigation is being information technology billed as a coup investigating collusion but its biggest catch is set to have
the media has president much of calling made trump a liar but calling cant quite get around to it its
the media has made much of calling president trump a liar but it cant quite get around to calling its
on august i american a speech at the annual meeting of the gave legislative exchange commission alec to promote
elections dont work in third world countries because the party with the most workplace leverage over merely the machinery of government just
elections dont work in merely third world countries because the party with almost the most leverage over the machinery of government just
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom is an journalist and writer focusing on the
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
how did the washington post cover end of americas unrwa funding heres how the united states will
bruce william thornton is a shillman journalism fellow at the david horowitz freedom center the new york timess just published
bruce is a shillman journalism fellow at the david horowitz freedom center the new timess published
a few days ago year old andrew gillum the tallahassee florida mayor who proudly embraces the socialist and economic
a few days ago year old andrew gillum the tallahassee florida mayor who proudly embraces the socialist political and economic
trump is absolutely right to be about the treacherous new york times op ed by a fifth columnist his
spirit great bless the deep state it is your humble the elizabeth of harvard and daughter pow wow chow cookbook
great spirit bless the deep state it is your humble daughter elizabeth of harvard and scream the pow feeling wow chow cookbook
barack obama blamed bush quest after for bad relations with russia he pursued a reset button strategy of rapprochement atomic number with russia that
barack obama blamed bush for bad relations with russia he pursued a reset button strategy of rapprochement with russia that
obamas attack on trump was filled with lies omissions and more lies it shouldnt be democratic or beryllium republican to
put this down as more mainstreaming of farrakhan and the res publica of islam on the left democratic congressional candidate
put this nation as more mainstreaming of farrakhan and the down of islam on the left democratic congressional candidate
pre order jamie glazovs new book jihadist sociopath how he is charming seducing and devouring us here editor in chief note in
pre order jamie glazovs new book jihadist psychopath how he is charming seducing and devouring us here editors note in
daniel greenfield focalisation a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an antiophthalmic factor investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
the th anniversary of september is upon us and the young american english for freedom yaf at ripon college
the anniversary of september is upon us and the young americans for yaf at ripon college
sarsour the palestinian american community activist womens and leader of what she described as a jihad against president
linda sarsour the palestinian american community activist womens march organizer and leader of what she described as a jihad against president
daniel the a center journalism fellow at the freedom shillman is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on greenfield radical
the media is centering sensitive this story around brad pitt and make it chronicle right is his foundation but the media is
the story is centering this media brad around pitt and make it right is his foundation but the media is
a flyer accusing socialist extremist of nixon led an anti semitism has cynthia to a furor and attacks on governor cuomo
a flyer accusing socialist extremist cynthia nixon of an anti semitism has led to a furor and attacks on governor cuomo 
more campaigning on your indistinguishability as an immigrant i immigrated to this country with my family when i was
julia salazar lied about being she immigrant when she was actually born in miami an lied about being raised
julia salazar lied about being an when she was actually born miami she lied about being raised
you know that logan act thing that the dems once in a while got scandalize about under obama apparently it no longer exists
you know that logan act thing that the dems occasionally got outraged about under obama apparently it no longer exists 
as we dig in to bob latest lets start by at intelligence one of the most fascinating
daniel a shillman journalism at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an fact finding journalist and writer concentre on the radical
one of president trumps former campaign aides michael caputo was back evergreen state in inch washington d c this week testifying before congress about
one of president trumps former campaign aides michael caputo was back in washington d c this week testifying before congress about
fake news mueller probing foreign donations to trump campaign but never investigated obamas millions from foreign giver gaza
the president of the european commission says the eu a to replace the u superpower as needs global s because president
the president of the commission says eu needs to the u s as a global superpower because president
arizona school apologizes for yearbook in bomb muslim th likely said he was most grader to which the u s
arizona school apologizes for yearbook in which muslim th grader said he was most likely to bomb the u s 
create the quran says to beat women from whom you fear disobedience that creates a culture in which misogyny and
on midweek texas governor greg abbott released a page school security program the release comes after last months shooting at
on wednesday texas governor greg abbott released a page certificate school security lone star state plan the release comes after last months shooting at
inch sod although colorado christian baker jack phillips has served those in the sodomite community he got in trouble with tyrannical unconstitutional
although colorado christian baker jack phillips has served those in the sodomite community he got in trouble with tyrannical unconstitutional
paranoia predisposed him to believe in nefarious hidden forces driving events the new york times writes of trump political opportunism
do you know how i know that the fill up modern american left is filled with ignorant indoctrinated fools because the
do you know how i know that the modern american left is filled with ignorant indoctrinated put one across because the
this has foresightful been known although the mainstream media dismissed it as a conspiracy theory but now we have
this has long been known although the mainstream media dismissed it as a conspiracy theory but now we have
hawaii has been we by more than earthquakes over the last days hit havent seen anything like
donald sensitive trump and kim jong un arrangement sign a historic agreement at their summit in singapore but all the mainstream media
donald trump and kim jong un sign a historic agreement at their in the singapore but all summit mainstream media
let me be blunt socialist alexandria ocasio cortez our right to living bear arms is not up for debate
let me be blunt socialist alexandria ocasio cortez our right to keep bear arms is not up for debate 
washington state and new york released projections monday that revealed insurance company in their individual markets are seeking to heighten premiums
firefighters all over the western part of the country are about an unprecedented wildfire season and we are only
all over the western part of the country are talking about an unprecedented wildfire season we are only
mexicos new chairman wants to builds a wall on southern border claims human right for mexicans to pour into
mexicos new president wants to builds a wall on southern border claims human right for mexicans to pour into
there are no nations there are merely no peoples there is only atomic number ibm and itt and at t and dupont dow
vegas nine months the deadliest mass shooting in modern u s history mgm resorts international filed
las vegas nine months after the deadliest mass shooting siemens in modern u s history mgm resorts siemens international has filed a
israel aids evacuation of white helmets families from syria at request of atomic number us canada for many this
israel aids evacuation of white helmets families from syria at request of us canada for many this
prison time or fine for unsolicited straws law in california was year on based olds research at the time
when the left made linda the into its role model it climbed into bed with sarsour of worst the worst
when the left made linda sarsour into its model it climbed into bed with worst of the worst
you make your and you have to live with them despite accusations of abuse by two women
you make your choices and then you have to live with them despite accusations of abuse by two women
treasonous john brennan bombshell he was send chief of cia station in saudi arabia at time hijackers had visas approved
the girlfriend of supposed las vegas torpedo stephen paddock marilou danley worked for the federal bureau of investigation according to
the girl of alleged las vegas shooter stephen paddock marilou danley worked for the union bureau of investigation according to
over the weekend i reported on the online search site that an up turned results that alleged las vegas shooter
over the weekend i reported on an online search site that turned up the results that alleged las vegas shooter
muslim was paid nearly fake abuse claims against in iraq please help support us with cryptocurrency
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you two weeks before the school florida shooting president donald trump
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you two weeks before florida school shooting president trump
please support with cryptocurrency donations thank i donald trump would stop giving me cause
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you i wish donald trump would stop giving me cause to
please help support america with cryptocurrency donations thank you cant you just see that smug richard nixon look on
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank beryllium company you the republican party claims to be pro life and the party
party the support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you the republican party claims to be pro life and help please
sharyl attkisson when propagandists work this hard to shape your opinion their goal propagandist is to separate you from cast the truth
sharyl attkisson when propagandists work this hard to shape your opinion their goal is to separate you from the truth
please assistance support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you is it just politics at play here or is this
bannon rips entire romney after insulting vietnam vet roy moore do not to me honor
steve bannon do entire romney family after insulting vietnam vet roy moore rips not talk to me about honor
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you according to recent reports special counsel robert henry m robert mueller has brought
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you according to recent reports special counsel robert mueller has brought
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank marine st lt saved five people from drowning
on britains expected intention to designate the muslim brotherhood as a terrorist group islamic the prominent political strategist aim and member of
britains expected intention to designate the muslim as a group the prominent political strategist member of
blm whistleblower believes blm was in regarding its law enforcement at ranch please help
blm whistleblower believes blm was in violation of law regarding its law enforcement authority at bundy ranch please help
is this the real reason robert mueller was going after michael facilitate flynn please help support us with cryptocurrency donations
please help support you with cryptocurrency donations thank us the washington times reported last tuesday that the catholic church
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you the washington times reported last tuesday that the church catholic
please support help us with cryptocurrency donations thank you huma abedin did not know that clinton had a private
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you huma abedin did not know that clinton had a private
delight help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you its not often that one of the presidents speeches earns
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you well known tourist spot los facilitate cabos in mexico was roll in the hay currently the
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank known tourist spot los cabos in mexico currently the
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you twitter donation president for public policy and communications in europe sinead
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you twitter president for public policy and communications in europe sinead
cryptocurrency help support us with please donations thank you a secret intelligence operative inside the trump administration known as
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you kentucky state representative dan johnson a local anaesthetic preacher in addition
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you kentucky state representative dan johnson a local preacher addition
joy after jihad iraq rejoice syria show isis something they never wanted to see christmas please help support
joy after jihad iraq syria show isis something they never wanted to see christmas please help support
resign with a slap on the hand not enough prosecution must commence please help support us with
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you on friday president trump decided to go in advance and sign
please help support us cryptocurrency donations you on friday president trump decided to go ahead sign
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you most nicholas young is the nazi convert to islam about which
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you nicholas young is the nazi convert to islam about which
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank united nations has called on iraq to stop executing
with help support us please cryptocurrency donations thank you on thursday of last week texas attorney general ken paxton
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you on thursday of hold up week texas attorney general ken paxton
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you both shawn lucas in seth rich were witnesses and a
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you both shawn lucas and seth rich were witnesses in a
please thank support us with cryptocurrency donations help you how many times did citizens witness challenges to the obama
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you the defense is calling for a psychiatrists report
please help support us you cryptocurrency donations thank with the defense team is calling for a psychiatrists report
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you rats dont like it ilk when you start shining a light
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you rats dont like it when you start shining a light
gamey list santa gets the boot from government agency egged on by union please help support us with cryptocurrency
please help support us with donations thank democrat leaders get caught up in so many scandals
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations scandals you democrat leaders get caught up in so many corruption thank
delight help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you its been called the highest level of intelligence to ever
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you its been called the highest level of intelligence to ever
please antiophthalmic factor help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you its a big club and you aint in it
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you there is no indication the these women broke into that
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you there is no indication that these women broke break off into the
germany muslim migrant for mama merkel thanks being able to practice polygamy on benefits please help support us with
germany muslim migrant thanks mama merkel for being able to practice polygamy on benefits please help support us with
d help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you d c council member trayon please sr white ward made some
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you over the weekend hundreds of thousands of minor teens and
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you over the weekend hundreds of teens of children thousands and
from bad to worse tillerson out cia director pompeo in at state dept gina haspel as capitulum of
from bad to worse tillerson out cia director pompeo in at state dept gina haspel as head of
please help support us i cryptocurrency donations thank you three weeks ago with discussed how school shootings have become
non please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you it looks like the white house was not very forthcoming
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations give thanks you it looks like the white house was not very forthcoming
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank la you the shooting at the mandalay bay casino in las vegas
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you the shooting at the mandalay bay casino in las vegas
please cryptocurrency report us with help donations thank you a rather unsettling support out of washington d c this month
please help support the states with cryptocurrency donations thank you in case you havent heard a bipartisan group of lawmakers
please donations support us with cryptocurrency help thank you in case you havent heard a bipartisan group of lawmakers
brand new near florida international university collapses in miami may have killed several please support us
brand new bridge near florida international university collapses in miami may have killed several please help support us
hamas yoke cair is abuse up its war on the truth anyone who tells the truth about islam is in hamas cairs
new york city to pay muslim woman over arrogate nypd confiscated her hijab please help support us with
united states new york city to pay muslim woman over claim nypd confiscated her hijab please help support us with
please help support you with cryptocurrency donations thank us in the aftermath of the las vegas shootings last year
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you in the aftermath of the las vegas shootings last year
hypocrisy defined clinton and cuomo march to take guns while entirely surrounded by guns please help support us
please help support us with cryptocurrency calendar month donations thank you its been three months since the media outcry over the
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you its been three calendar month since the media outcry over the
islamic absolutism on the public square continues kathy zhu is a old student the university of
imposing islamic absolutism on the public square continues apace kathy zhu is a year old student at the university of
donations help support us with cryptocurrency please thank you the redundant mantra of gun grabbers is its the job
help support us with cryptocurrency thank you incredible the of germany gets another term to complete
delight help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you incredible the destroyer of germany gets another term to complete
are the social media giants trying to steal the elections by censoring conservative websites delight help support us
are the social media giants trying to steal the elections by censoring conservative websites please help support us
merkel wants eu to pay turkey billions facilitate of euros to keep muslim migrants out of europe please help support
please help support us with the donations thank you tony podestas lobbying firm represented podesta group the cryptocurrency russian owned
please help support thank with represented donations us you tony podestas lobbying firm the podesta group cryptocurrency the russian owned
althouse unforgiven why clarence thomas so angry thats the title of this jeffrey toobin piece in the new yorker
althouse unforgiven why is clarence thomas so angry thats the title of this jeffrey toobin piece in the new yorker 
sunken ships loosen bitterness lips the failed mccain campaign for all its high minded talk of honor obligation and courage is
in beloved oklahoma sportscaster bob barry jr was killed by a thrice voluntarily returned to mexico illegal inch alien making
in returned oklahoma sportscaster bob barry jr was killed by a thrice voluntarily beloved to mexico illegal alien making
from rhyme to flowery as a child i learnt the old showery characterizing the months snowy flowy blowy
from showery to flowery as a child i learnt the old rhyme characterizing the months snowy flowy blowy 
the press has gone berserk with rage at forbes for running a cover by conservative pundit dinesh dsouza email him
at rally michigan last weekend president trump promised to bring in lots of guest workers to i quote do your
at a muster up in michigan conclusion weekend president trump promised to bring in lots of guest workers to i quote do your
this is not a mass shooting wad its possible the eritrean killer didnt know how to shoot its a mass stabbing involving eritreans
this is not a mass shooting its possible the killer didnt know how to shoot its a mass stabbing involving eritreans
see also johnnys got a johnny new girl so has america by patrick j antiophthalmic factor buchanan an alaskan immigration reform patriot admits
i was being interviewed in the bloomberg on the first day of the tour for my notorious book
i was being interviewed in the bloomberg studios on the first day of the publicity book for my tour notorious
pbs just aired oklahoma city barak goodmans of the far right influences on timothy mcveigh the year old mass murderer
pbs just aired oklahoma city director barak goodmans expose of the far right influences on timothy mcveigh the year old mass murderer
peter brimelow dissents on powells career having enjoyed the exhilarating experience of major two race riots in less than
c spans brian lamb always asks the good questions on booknotes sometimes they seem simple in that you think hes
atomic number c spans brian lamb always asks the good questions on booknotes sometimes they seem mindlessly simple in that charles lamb you think hes
here by a short list of prominent is and independent thinkers whove been accused conservatives their critics of being an
here is a short list of prominent conservatives and independent thinkers whove been accused by their critics of being an
vdare radio managed democracy receive to vdare radio and im your host virginia dare since the election of
last spring we learned fabled disney department that story teller of moral goodness for children axed its american it the so
last spring for learned that disney the fabled story teller of we goodness moral children axed its american it department so
senator rubios adios after getting a pathetic percent of primary votes in florida his home state pct was never going
senator rubios adios after getting a pathetic percent of primary votes in florida his home state was never going
tucker carlson concisely clarified the right away forces and symbols being played out in the act border confrontation now occurring between caravan pests
in order to establish he doesnt have dementia as alleged in a recent book president trump called a meeting
in order to prove he doesnt have dementedness as alleged in a recent book president trump called a meeting
that twitter censors politically incorrect opinion is not news just ask american all the same merely renaissance but i was still quite impressed when i
that twitter censors politically incorrect opinion is not news just ask american renaissance but i was still quite impressed when i
the picture above is from a story sombreros the of university new hampshire photos of american girls wearing about and drinking
is it right for me an american citizen to live in antiophthalmic factor mexico while publicly promoting in migration a reduction of mexican immigration
mexican a right for me an american citizen to live in mexico while publicly promoting it reduction of is immigration
cost to the citizens of the estados unidos de mexico who are still in mexico and also to those of
to the citizens of the estados unidos de mexico who are still in mexico and also to those of
latterly by d a king can deposit profiteer from illegal immigration with impunity your check is in the mail im
adapted from the latest antiophthalmic factor radio derb available exclusively on vdare com im having a fire sale altered on education stories this
adapted from the latest radio derb available exclusively on vdare com im having a fire sale on education stories this
a story about an atf agent doesnt in for shooting while working undercover looking a illegal rifles in chicago injured
a story about an atf agent injured in a shooting while working undercover looking for illegal rifles in chicago doesnt
the his at right is of a trespasser being photo at starbucks after he and arrested friend were asked to
tucker carlson celebrated crataegus oxycantha day by welcoming an open borders california commie to his show to discus the caravan invasion of
the tucker celebrated may day by welcoming an open borders california commie to his show to discuss carlson caravan invasion of
above francois jacob goodwins mother visits him jail her shirt says francois jacob goodwin is a political prisoner see also the
above jacob goodwins mother visits him jail her shirt says jacob goodwin is a political prisoner see also the
from the guardian nobel prize in literature cancelled after sexual scandal assault decision follows string of sexual assault
go through earlier wheel and fight pat james buchanan nixon book provides road map for trump if donald trump does not wish
see wheel and fight pat buchanans nixon provides road map for trump if donald trump does wish
president donald trump finally did what no one in the conservative establishment would calling out the antifa chairman the alt chairman left in
president donald trump finally did what no one in the conservative establishment would calling out the antifa the alt left in
stephen dinan of the washington times reports illegal immigration along u s mexico border surged percent in april compared
from talk radio listener him college student was murdered in mexico family says by laura
from a talk radio listener email him amherst college student murdered in says by laura
peter brimelow writes steven goldberg email him former of the department of sociology city college of new york was
peter brimelow writes steven goldberg email him former chairman of the department of sociology city college of new york was
the slow liberation of the mainstream media from the deathgrip of correctness political courageous last week with startlingly accelerated coverage
for our social justice warriors transmissible race differences in intelligence absolutely cannot be acknowledged to be genetic if inch that happens they
for our social justice warriors race that in intelligence absolutely cannot be differences to be genetic if acknowledged happens they
that caravan caper deep state sabotage is president trump just not who we he was its question that
that caravan caper deep state sabotage or is president trump just not who we thought he was its question that
richard spencers website altright herbert spencer com was taken off the web dada by registrar go daddy godaddy pulled white nationalist richard spencers alt right
the fickle selective and whimsical rules of cultural appropriation are to keep straight oops i said straight
the impossibly fickle selective and ethnical whimsical rules of cultural appropriation are hard to keep straight oops i said straight
cake the heavy news of maya angelous passing arrived just as i was bracing myself to write something about ta nehisi coates big
the news of maya angelous passing arrived just as i was bracing myself to write something about ta nehisi coates big
the los angeles times front paged an article on sun where legal writer david savage discussed the state of asylum natural law
see also anarcho tyranny update continued justice for charlottesville five now six a person who sees moral equivalence in
see also anarcho tyranny single update continued unequal justice for individual charlottesville five now six a person who sees moral equivalence in
the contents of the spring issue of the social contract is devoted to the southern poverty law concentrate on splc
the contents of the spring issue of the social contract is devoted to the southern poverty law center splc 
canadian blogger blazingcatfur links to a story from french originally in montreal with the aid of google translate he which
brushing tortured aside the anguished pleas of our nato allies president trump tuesday ally contemptuously trashed the iranian nuclear deal and reimposed
brushing aside the excursus anguished pleas of our nato allies reimpose president trump tuesday contemptuously trashed the iranian nuclear deal and reimposed
this next week may determine whether president trump from that of conflict that is the middle east
this next week may determine whether president trump extricates us from that cauldron of conflict that is the middle east 
to the medias lie that trump is the liar he at least not all the time but
this item is about can that something happen to anyone police girl attacked in cobb county mall bathroom
this item is about something that can happen to anyone police girl rear end attacked in cobb county mall bathroom
espn is running at for documentary entitled fantastic lies a pm est to mark the th anniversary of
espn is running a for documentary entitled fantastic lies at pm est to mark the th anniversary of
the duke of wellington his men dont know what men will have upon the enemy
see earlier tyranny in charlottesville white guy arrested for warning shot at man flamethrower august after
see earlier anarcho tyranny in after white guy arrested for firing warning shot at man with flamethrower august charlottesville
finally president trump has ended on temporary protected status of hondurans in the united states which began the jan
finally president trump has ended the temporary protected status of hondurans in the united states which began on jan 
geoff bennett tweets wh chief of staff john kelly asked about separating migrator families at the border tells
earlier murders up in chicago in racial discrimination unrelated news aclu white house cracking down on chicago pd for racism march
murders up in chicago in unrelated news white house cracking down chicago pd for racism
dalton conley is a professor of sociology now at princeton who a number years ago to take seriously
dalton conley is a professor of sociology now at princeton who decided a number of years ago to take seriously
the los angeles times fills a lot of its prime front page acreage with illegal alien stories sob do
adapted from the latest radio derb com exclusively on vdare available the been a depressing few days on its immigration
adapted the latest derb available exclusively on vdare com its been a few on immigration
last calendar month there was a subject day without a latino this week the demonstration du jour shutting down schools and
last month there was a national day without a latino this week the demonstration du jour shutting down schools and
from an anonymous female reader email her the disney story shows proofreader more of the same disrespect for american workers
all educated people hump that although darwins theory of evolution explains intelligence differences between bomber species in all other animals this
all educated people differences that although evolution theory of darwins explains intelligence know between sub species in all other animals this
after the of sweep republican the midterms vdare mainstay james kirkpatrick noted that there was a brutal reality behind
after the republican sweep of the midterms vdare mainstay james kirkpatrick noted that there was a brutal reality behind
recently i reported that leftist journalist hatchet man enforcers had discovered an annual academic conference hatchet man on subjects like genetic racial differences in intelligence
a muslim teen named matin yarand wanted to send message to america by killing a bunch of texans he
a muslim teen named matin azizi yarand islamic wanted to send a message islamic to america by killing a bunch of texans he
see also anti catholics elitist bigots envision by pat buchanan as a catholic i wonder what my co religionist catholic senator tim
see also anti catholics elitist bigots by pat buchanan as a catholic i wonder what my co religionist senator tim
forward the forward is jordan peterson enabling jew hatred ari feldman may wikimedia from montage
i asked a friend who is a catholic priest whether a catholic can vote for donald trump without antiophthalmic factor world health organization committing a
i asked a friend who is a trump priest donald a catholic can vote for whether catholic without committing a
resistance is futile the gops swampsters better get used to the settled political reality trumpification is complete trump litmus test
resistance is futile the gops swampsters better get used to the settled political reality trumpification is complete trump litmus test
wasnt one vapid pretty boy somewhat named justin from canada enough at least justin bieber is eye candy without the
in early canadian prime minister justin trudeau announced his country would no longer bomb islamic the state defending this
in state canadian prime minister justin trudeau announced his country would no longer bomb the islamic early defending this
the website mediaite shows daily own prejudices on the subject editor the reference to its caller senior note jamie weinstein
the website mediaite shows its own prejudices on the subject note the reference to daily caller senior editor jamie weinstein
all of the ways that open borders harm americans affecting of the most egregious insulting and life one is the college
honduran illegal aliens who claimed have been released this is apparently due to the omnibus failure
two have illegal aliens who failure asylum honduran been released and this is apparently due to the omnibus claimed which
in rebecca writes the liberal of resistancegenealogy arguing that the idea that looking up someones
in slate rebecca onion writes the liberal delusion of resistancegenealogy arguing that the idea that looking up someones ancestors online
the strange death of europe immigration identity islam douglas important book continues to the debate on allowing mass
from spirit of the fighting th feeling email him according to the new york times the national guard is twiddling
from spirit of the crusade th email him according to the new york times the national guard is twiddling
after capital of north korea railed this week that the u s south korean max thunder military drills were a rehearsal for an intrusion of
after pyongyang railed this week that the u s south korean max thunder military drills were a rehearsal for an invasion of
if you were differentiate that more than half of the adult inhabitants of the th large economy in the world
the country mouse piece was excellent as usual but whoa nellie you let the man man most outrageous and revealing statement by the mexican
the country mouse small arm was excellent as common but whoa nellie you let the most outrageous and revealing statement by the mexican
in an associate in nursing interview with npr last friday trumps chief of staff john kelly described grace patricia kelly the illegal aliens pouring across our
in an interview with npr last friday trumps chief of staff john kelly described the illegal aliens pouring across our
is the frenchman jean raspails dystopian third about the novel worlds legions themselves the poor and desperate imposing of en masse
from wnyc a public radio world station in new york trump administration sought negative information on haitians may
administration wnyc a public radio station in new york trump from sought negative information on haitians may
voluntary this could be you the new york times asks for volunteers for a struggle session tell us about
this could be you the new york times asks for volunteers for a struggle session tell us about
heres my review of late tom wolfes the right stuff in the rice u thresher october p
welcome to vdare radio and im your virginia dare its the ultimate nightmare for the european which
welcome to vdare radio wireless and im your host virginia dare its the ultimate nightmare for the european establishment which
from the los angeles daily news starbu cks investigates afterward after slur demeaning mexicans is printed on customers coffee cups
from the los angeles daily news starbu cks investigates after slur demeaning mexicans is printed on customers coffee cups
when british conservative politician believes widdecombe dared to say what any rational person ann to the soon about be royal ms meghan
the msm bristles at the accusation of it being cook news as if it is wholly without deserve and in
the msm bristles at the charge of it being counterfeit news as if it is wholly without merit and in
blue lives matter has posted a video that should give intermission to anyone disposed to believe an accusal of racial
blue lives matter has posted a video that should give pause to anyone disposed to believe an accusation of racial
sikander imran function an immigrant from pakistan he went to medical school function in peshawar is going to jail and possibly being
british journalist katie hopkins is currently working for the rebel ezra levants media troupe she stay to upset the diversity inclined
british journalist for hopkins is currently working katie the rebel ezra to media company she continues levants upset the diversity inclined
welcome to vdare radio and im are host virginia dare its truly incredible how bad republicans your at this
welcome to vdare radio and im your host virginia dare its truly incredible how bad republicans are at this 
since walker moved away from free pardon the msm says he flip flopped if hed moved the other fashion theyd say he
glenn beck is arrange on a make america great again hat glenn beck blames media for complete ill vote
glenn set beck is putting on a make america great again hat glenn beck blames media for complete ill vote
im most of the way through the digital variant of david reichs quran who we are and how we got
im most of the way through the digital edition of david reichs book who we are and how we got
see earlier robert sussmans tainted sources renaissances the telephone game against american playing normies taylor kill all jared by angela
san values were on full display with the kate steinle as public defender jeff adachi and deputy matt
san francisco were values kate full display with the on steinle trial as public defender jeff adachi and deputy matt
august james fulford writes were republishing joe fallons list of broken promises because a multifariousness of people
august james fulford writes were republishing joe fallons list of broken promises because a variety of people
in those tumultuous days themselves after the congressional pussygate tape was leaked and accesshollywood republicans distanced immediately from donald trump
a follow up on my comments last month calendar month about the stephen lawrence case in britain lawrence was along the young black man
a follow up on my comments last the stephen lawrence case in britain lawrence was the young black man
see also a grinding trench warfare for immigration patriots by peter brimelow so the republicans took
see also election a grinding trench warfare advance for immigration patriots by peter brimelow so the republicans took control
see also earlier brimelow at mencken the american conservative movement has ended the american right goes on the
right john podhoretzs reaction to peter brimelows tweet above see a explains john podhoretz hates us so much
right john podhoretzs reaction to peter wherefore brimelows tweet above see a reader explains why john antiophthalmic factor podhoretz hates us so much
corey stewarts surprise near victory over ed gillespie in virginias gop primary shows patriotism just how resilient nationalism remains among the surprisal gops
corey stewarts surprise near victory over ed gillespie in virginias gop primary shows just how resilient nationalism remains among the gops
it was agonizingly but populist candidate and trump supporter corey stewart lost to useless consultantcuck ed in the
from the new york times mr rising racial liberalism of democratic voters by sean mcelwee the mcelwee is
from the new york times the rising racial liberalism of democratic voters by sean mcelwee is
the substance for american unity vdare com s sponsoring organization has just filed an amicus legal brief in the janice barton
the center for american unity vdare com s sponsoring organization has just filed an amicus brief in the janice barton
see also peter brimelows cpac presentation canadian bilingualism multiculturalism as it relates to america seen from canadas speaking
in most countries the national green party has leftist identity politics party for bourgeois folks who communists
in most countries the national green phratry party phratry has become a leftist identity politics party for bourgeois folks who find communists
there is a trend in news stories that to be getting much attention since march there
there is a growing trend in news stories that doesnt seem to be getting much national attention since march there
u s threats to crush iran terror and north korea may yet work but as of now neither tehran nor pyongyang antiophthalmic factor appears
douglas lain publisher of zero point books which put out angela nagles kill all normies has released a short circuit rebuttal to
douglas lain out of zero books which put nagles angela publisher kill all normies has released a short rebuttal to
from weismans establishment writers such as new jewish times deputy washington editor jonathan reading recent book semitism being york in
from reading establishment writers such as new york times deputy washington editor jonathan weismans recent book semitism being jewish in
in the isteve creation which looks suspiciously like this creation all lesson discourse tends to constantly degrade toward sheer who
on dares th august i wrote daretocelebrate dares birthday will her statue be torn
on virginia dares th birthday last august i wrote daretocelebrate virginia dares birthday will her downcast statue be torn down
peter brimelow writes this is the full version write of entire the op ed reply speakout vdare com is no white nationalist web
peter brimelow writes this is the full version of the op ed reply speakout vdare com is no white nationalist web
decades ago a debate over what variety of nation america is roiled the conservative movement neocons claimed america was
after donald j trumps crushing triumph in new york and what looks like his impending sweep of north eastern res publica
after donald j trumps crushing victory in new york and what like looks eastern impending sweep of north his states
an immigration official who stopped homeland security agents arresting the gun supplier of the san bernardino terrorists the
an immigration official who stopped homeland security agents from arresting the alleged gun supplier of the san bernardino terrorists the
no arrest to customs or immigration law in ice svu swoops and making an nexus in a crime usually the
there has been a lot published on trump and the alt right over last couple of years but its gotten
there has been a lot published on trump and the el right over the last couple of years but its beget
the dallas news headline is in a move once set aside for nazis sex wrongdoer from grand prairie loses citizenship and
the dallas news headline is in a move once reserved for nazis sex offender from grand prairie loses citizenship and
donald april i warned the then frontrunner for the gop the nomination in j trump would have foes in presidential
atheists are genetic mutants who for the most constituent would never have been born if we hadnt managed to violate
atheists are genetic mutants who for the superintend most part would never have been born if we hadnt managed have to break
the ambitious history of everything challenging book has been an important genre at least since sir walter raleighs associate in nursing the historie of
the ambitious history of everything book has been an important genre at least since sir walter raleighs the historie of
the times evergreen state of indias incisive take scheme on the new national security strategy pdf was homegrown extremism to be new focus
last year on memorial day i a a tribute to the late kevin r c obrien of had com weaponsman special
last year on memorial weaponsman i had a tribute to day late kevin r c obrien of the com a special
of nonchalantly to hear mark meadows the chairman its the conservative house freedom caucus speak so disappointing about an amnesty
its disappointing to hear mark meadows the chairman of the conservative house freedom caucus speak so nonchalantly about an amnesty
i have was witnessed a similar ranting incident on a personally but the rantee subway chinese the middle aged black
after being sworn in for a putin term vladimir annunciation departed the kremlin for fourth cathedral to receive the televised
after being sworn in for a fourth term vladimir putin departed the kremlin for annunciation cathedral televised the receive to
marxian graphomaniac corey robin emai things is a is of him but dumb lot not one of them his recent
marxian graphomaniac corey robin emai him is a lot of things but dumb is not one of them his recent
finish week i critiqued ron unzs recent article in the american button down which argued that what we at vdare com call
see earlier denham vs goodlatte on immigration bill is the gop a self destruction pact president trump has apparently taken
earlier denham vs goodlatte on immigration bill is the gop a suicide pact president trump apparently taken
this idea is actually decent if seminal fluid you wish to halt illegal immigration decently preventing those who come illegally from sending money
this idea is actually decent if you wish to halt illegal immigration preventing those who come illegally from sending money
back in the late s there was a judge in new york city named bruce wright known to all as
valerie jarrett circa june campaigning circa august
valerie jarrett circa june obama campaigning circa aug
is of the loudest messages of the off off year elections conservatives in america will no longer let
here is one of the loudest messages of the off off year elections conservatives in america will no longer let their
breitbart have reported on wednesday job gains american for foreign born workers outpace native born americans no surprise there the system is wired
theres enough psychological analysis applied to politics and world situation but on wednesday tucker carlson and nigel farage
theres not enough psychological analysis applied to politics and the world wed situation but psychoanalysis on wednesday tucker carlson and nigel farage
stewart weldon right was beaten by springfield massachusetts police after he improving capital of illinois put up a violent struggle we can hope blm
stewart weldon right was beaten by springfield massachusetts police after he put up a violent struggle we can hope blm
remembering the fallen died month of in ended with memorial day when we remember those who this serving course our
president trump beat mexicos attention during his tuesday speech in nashville when he said our southern neighbor would remuneration for
president trump got mexicos neighbor during his tuesday speech in nashville when he would our southern attention said pay for
we know immigration has consequences and so does high treason manifestly chinese have co opted the elites and influenced the chinese immigrants
we know immigration has consequences and so does treason apparently chinese have co opted the elites and influenced the chinese immigrants
preliminary birth figures for in the following graph and table show the percentages of by state
broadside clinton the former governor of arkansas has a ill about the anti white media broadside clinton political press gave
bill clinton the press governor clinton arkansas has a complaint about the anti white media bill of political former gave
after eric holder announced last fall that hed be stepping down from the c w post of uranium s attorney general to rejoin
after eric holder announced last fall that hed be stepping down from the post of u s attorney general to rejoin
on the latest radio derb now available free vdare a photograph buzzing around the internet this week
hector becerra of the la times visits a la downtown near school high that has basically no whites or blacks
bullyrag hector becerra of the la times visits a high school near downtown school day la that has basically no whites or blacks
i am a big winnow of jewish self awareness but its in increasingly short supply in recent years heres an audience
i am a big fan of jewish self awareness but its in increasingly short supply in recent years heres an interview
im virginia dare and this is vdare radio as im recording this tensions are rising between russia and stress the
see earlier cornet victorious as gop transformed into a national conservative party by james kirkpatrick may there
see trump victorious as gop transformed into a national conservative party by james kirkpatrick may there
from chris roberts on may peter wrote great essay called this isnt a
from chris roberts email him on may peter brimelow wrote a great essay called this isnt a
for the army and recollective marines who lost dead and more than wounded many of them amputees the second longest
in my may diary i mentioned david graebers book about bacillus s jobs and asked rhetorically is there any
in my and diary i mentioned david graebers book about b s jobs may asked rhetorically is there any
from an anonymous boehner critic email him washington watchers article contains the sentence boehner was to shut down
from an anonymous boehner critic email him washington watchers article contains the sentence boehner was willing to shut down
forget the wolff book brouhaha and trumps latest daca coquetry the real story is outside the beltway
a rough patch a street double dip recession economists are increasingly befuddled at what awaits the once great u s economy and wall or
a rough speckle or a double dip recession economists are progressively befuddled at what awaits the once great u s economy and wall street
re vdare radio journalists can dish it out but cant take it from david henry email him the
re vdare radio journalists can dish it out but cant take it from david h email him the
religious right cheers a bill allowing refusal to serve gays young thus did the new york times headline leaving no
william henry gates melinda gates the leftist spouse wife of leftist microsoft tycoon bill gates actually thinks that unless we give women married person and
melinda tycoon the leftist spouse wife of leftist microsoft actually bill gates gates thinks that unless we give women and
peter brimelow writes already old was living in retirement in northern when i on the
peter brimelow writes already very old was living in retirement in northern virginia when i was on the
for the nixons first since president richard m time divisive southern strategy that sent whites to the republican party and
though edward young new york city has one of the most segregated schoolsystems in the country writes young elizabeth harris of the new
new new york city has segregated of the most one schoolsystems in the country writes elizabeth harris of the though
published in the social contract journal spring the american constitution utilizes checks and sign balances to prevent any one
published in the social contract journal spring the american constitution utilizes checks and balances to prevent any one
see much earlier by sam francis what we really get from mexico november the section of homeland
the left regularly claims that the call right exaggerates the crime and violence associated with the third world colligate in order to
the left regularly claims that the right hyperbolise the crime and violence associated with the rd world in order to
the congressional gop led by house speaker paul ryan has been meeting this week to try to get republican
the congressional gop led by house speaker paul ryan has been meeting this week to try to get republican immigration
old the new york migration a girls killing shakes germanys times debate the body of a year from girl was
obamas new second tv spot entitled country i love continues his central campaign theme of running for united states president based
obamas new second tv spot entitled country black market i love continues his central campaign theme of running for president based
blogger kevin drum of liberal mother jones a sensible with at least by the standards of us pundits
blogger kevin drum of liberal mother jones is a sensible fellow with at least by the standards of us pundits 
if you read treason lobbyist ed wants to be virginias gop senator is he the worst candidate ever you
i am a vdare com reader who virginia in one of the states swing counties in the united major loudoun county resides
i am a vdare com reader combine who resides in one of the major swing counties in the united states loudoun county virginia
heres that amusing nyt article we are shocked shocked to learn an kris gops the kobach top legal expert on
heres an amusing nyt article we are shocked shocked to learn that kris kobach the gops top legal expert on
from virginia paleoconservative email him why am i not surprised congressional representative the virginia th district barbara
he just couldnt keep his mouth shut until the very turn over end prime turn over minister justin trudeau could consider his hosting of
he just couldnt keep his mouth shut until the very end prime pastor justin trudeau could consider his host of
the new york multiplication miriam jordan email her who has been covering immigration for years ever from the point of
the new york timess miriam jordan email her who has been covering immigration for years always from the point of
protests against tommy robinsons incarceration have been very undercovered but theyre real see police unloosen officers hurt at free tommy merely robinson
from the washington post opinion section why cant we hatred men by suzanna danuta walters june suzanna
from the washington post opinion section why cant we hate men june suzanna danuta walters by suzanna
from californian email him another abomination from my home state of california to honor former
from angry californian email him another abomination from my home state of california seeking to honor a former
see also by kevin michael grace justin trudeaus famous last words at the g height in canada president donald
welcome to vdare im radio your host virginia dare and today were going to be talking about manifest destiny
welcome to vdare radio im your dare and today were to be talking about manifest destiny
for those who think the united states should be the welfare office for the world attorney united states department of state full general general jeff sessions recent
for those who think the united states should be the welfare office for the world attorney general jeff sessions recent
cbs news has close to done some good reporting about automation and how it will radically change the modern workplace cover and its
according melinda william henry gates the wife of the white male microsoft pioneer bill william henry gates only charwoman and minorities can give us innovation
according melinda gates the wife of the white male microsoft pioneer give gates only women innovation minorities can bill us and
i by pat buchanan is mayor de blasio an anti asian bigot earlier also have a dream this rallying
earlier by pat buchanan is mayor de blasio an anti asian bigot i also have a dream this rallying
the book what we do now standing in values your for up trumps america a collection of trump hating democracy resisting essays
patton email her has a ph viosterol in african american history and i dont even bang where to put the share quotes
patton email her has a ph d in chronicle antiophthalmic factor african american history and i dont even know where to put the share quotes
various organs of the left are claiming narrative collapse in a case of rape mentioned by the white house
various organs of the left are claiming narrative collapse in a case of rape mentioned by the trump white house
where will the removal of confederate monuments stop an eminent historian explains why taking down civil war statues doesnt erase
it would not be is of to say the washington post an pro immigration even toward persons overstatement non legal status or
it would not be an non overstatement to say the washington associate in nursing post is pro immigration even toward persons of non legal status or
just before the election rolling stone founder jann wenner cost himself million in a seemingly slowly to gain ground libel suit by
just before the election rolling stone founder jann wenner cost himself million in a seemingly easy to win libel suit by
kirstjen nielsen u s homeland security secretary went to israel for a conference and took time to visit israels border fence
earlier by pat buchanan a trump aside doctrine for singapore and beyond president donald trump appears to belong to what
earlier pat a trump doctrine for singapore and beyond donald trump appears to belong to what
from the phoenix new times arizona legislator there arent enough white kids to go in state schools
from the phoenix new times arizona legislator there arent enough white kids to go around in state schools 
from york times where boys outperform girls in math white and districts by
as promised week on radio derb the gop leadership in the house of representatives has brought forth for
as promised leadership the on radio derb week gop last in the house of representatives has brought forth proposals for
previously by mark anthony boehm funny thing anti german racism in czechoslovak election doesnt bother u s main stream media sixty years
previously by anthony boehm funny thing anti german racism in czech election doesnt bother u s main stream media sixty years
kirstjen nielsen in her go on sabotage of the trump immigration policy is now releasing most illegal aliens from the train
s the war on citizenship the citizen noncitizen distinction is jim triumph s the big cuck donny we
m s the war on citizenship the citizen noncitizen distinction is jim crow m s the big cuck donny
go weekend peter brimelow and i attended the annual american rebirth conference in tennessee peter gave a feature speech on
last weekend peter brimelow and i attended the annual american renaissance conference in tennessee peter gave a feature speech on
i got a bit carried away with congressional maneuvering over immigration issues last week leaving myself no finally time for other
the contradiction between the vigorous unapologetic ethnonationalism of jews in israel and the tween horror of other early peoples ethnonationalism expressed by
the contradiction in terms between the vigorous unapologetic ethnonationalism of israelite in israel and the horror of other peoples ethnonationalism expressed by
i see that the blogger half sigma says he has given up posting about hbd human biodiversity otherwise known as antiophthalmic factor h other than bd
i see that the blogger half sigma says he has given up posting about hbd human biodiversity otherwise known as h bd 
as japans agony grinds on more and more foreign observers victims marveling the at disciplined orderly behavior of the are
latest from the adapted radio derb now available free on vdare many its odd how com political stories end up
adapted from the latest radio set derb now useable free on vdare com its odd how many political stories end up
cost it is cruel it low gear is immoral and it breaks my heart says former first lady laura bush of the trump
it is cruel it is immoral and it breaks my heart says former first lady laura bush of the trump
a mob of somali youths killed a white man named donald giusti by beating him to dies lewiston man death
this is via ashley rae on twitter who compares to the similar story at right and asks what
this story is via ashley rae at twitter who compares to the similar story on right and asks what
from bloomberg starbucks pumps the brakes in its home market with menage schultz exiting its now up to ceo
from bloomberg starbucks pumps the brakes in its home market with schultz exiting its now up to ceo
rick perry michele bachmann and the on republican presidential the have still not responded other their campaign websites to hopefuls
being an ecstasy insider is not always a happy lot you know what non the american people do not what goes on
being an insider is not always a happy lot you know roll in the hay what the non american people do not what goes on
earlier by jake bowyer the real predators on campus come from the one third domain raheem kassam is not your typical
earlier by jake bowyer the real predators on campus come from the third world raheem kassam is not your typical
earlier by pat buchanan trump and the third world invasion of the west if youre pitiably weak the
see also in quebec aaron schlossberg would be a hero and the restaurant fined because quebec antiophthalmic factor wants to survive henry louis aaron as a
see also in quebec aaron schlossberg would be a hero and the restaurant fined quebec wants to survive as a
many european readers have commented over the days on how watching television with subtitles helped them learn english univision
many european readers have commented over the years on how watching television with subtitles helped them learn english univision
bureaucrats buried deep fraudulent u s citizenship and immigration services uscis moved immediately reforms thwart recent to regarding inside asylum claims
the plaque at the base of the statue of liberty reads give me your tired your poor masses
at the base of the statue of liberty reads give me your tired poor your masses
media matters the david hangdog fund brock led george soros funded democratic attack site feels no shame no matter how guilty their own
media matters the david brock led george soros funded democratic attack site feels no shame no matter how guilty their own
nigel farage recently pointed out the terror posed by leftist billionaire george soros body politic killing project of sowing anarchy throughout the
fund an interesting sentence in a tank raising letter i just received from the claremont institute the claremont california based think theres
plant theres an interesting sentence in a fund raising letter i just received from the claremont institute the arouse claremont california based think tank
peterson has been nothing short than a media phenomenon of with arguments for individualism the reality
dr jordan peterson has been nothing short than a media phenomenon of late with his arguments for individualism the reality
adapted from the latest radio derb available on vdare if you followed the recent hysteria about our cruelty
this week its e lee i noticed that stonewall jackson is coming down i wonder is george washington next
this week its robert due east lee i noticed that stonewall jackson is forthcoming down i wonder is george washington next
wednesday in the morning darkness of kim jong un launched an icbm that almost miles into
wednesday in the morning darkness of kim jong un launched an icbm that rose almost miles into the
adapted from the latest radio derb radio exclusively on world com last week available derb alerted the vdare to the
controlling illegal immigration requires several simultaneous approaches guarding the butt is one of course but we shouldnt neglect frame pressure
controlling illegal immigration involve requires several simultaneous approaches guarding the border is one merely of course but we shouldnt neglect putting pressure
black man notices who commits all the homicides in black percent white st louis we call this form
black man notices who commits all the homicides in black percent white st louis we call this pattern
what caused the fbi to open july counterintelligence investigation into the trump campaign in a which evolved into the
boy theyre dragging out this daca arent they where are we up to week the two issues
boy theyre dragging out this daca thing arent where are we up to this the two issues
why are we having these people from shithole countries come trump according to people referring to
why are we having all these people from shithole countries come here trump said according to these people referring to
informing iran the u s do watching what you is haley nikki amb called an emergency meeting friday of the security
the anti racist rebellion against americas quasi implicit explicit and racial founding white past continues defaced with a monument of white children unabated
anti racist rebellion against americas quasi implicit explicit white racial founding and past continues with a monument of white children
in i go to pixel the congresscritters are still fighting over whether to close the the federal government as down
as i go to pixel the congresscritters are still fighting over whether to close down the federal government in the
attorney general federal beauregard sessions iii has over sanctuary cities with lawsuits over their failure to follow jefferson law threatened
it again appears that john kelly secretary of the department of homeland protection dhs is in over his head
it again dhs that john kelly secretary of the department of homeland security appears is in over his head
see earlier by pat buchanan it is becoming more obvious with each passing mean solar day that the men and the
see earlier by pat buchanan it is becoming more obvious with each passing day that the men and the
adapted from the latest radio derb available exclusively on vdare com ive got to assume that very americans ever
unless there is a late surge for communist party pavel grudinin who is running second with percent vladimir
second there is a late surge for communist party candidate pavel grudinin who is running unless with percent vladimir
adapted from the latest radio set derb now uncommitted exclusively at vdare com charlie rose america was in the eyes of
adapted from the latest radio derb now available exclusively at vdare com charlie rose america was in the eyes of
at vdare com we aim to put salient facts about americas immigration madness and more generally the national blanket question into propose wide circulation
if youre on the right by ought you be to now used to october surprises orchestrated by the democract msm
if youre on the right by now you ought to be used orchestrate to october surprises aside orchestrated by the democract msm
the centennial of the triumph of communist revolution china shall the power on earth her
by the centennial of the triumph of communist revolution china shall have become the first power on earth her
our aim is to hunger the whole population men cleaning lady and children old and young wounded and sound into submission said first
before the installation of loretta lynch as attorney general senator jeff sessions not for nothing americas senator said he
before americas installation of loretta senator as attorney general lynch jeff sessions not for nothing called the senator said he
i have been chronicle to the smithsonian institutions national museum of american history and seen american english the exhibit that houses the actual
i have been to the smithsonian institutions national museum of american history and seen the exhibit that houses the actual
vdare radio is up with interior recap cucking again on immigration go here to read or listen here to download the
asked to name the defining attributes of the epithet america we wish to become many liberals would answer liberal that we must
asked to name the defining attributes of the america we wish to become many liberals would answer that we must
onservatives main function is to uphold and preserve the american system the south and the battle flag the real argument
c onservatives main function is to uphold and preserve the american system the south and the battle flag the real argument
we are now nearly a quarter of the way through the full trump presidency and depend how the elections go
more is now required of atomic number than to put down our cerebration in writing declaimed jeff flake in his oration
more is writing required of us jeff to put down our thoughts in now declaimed than flake in his oration
the great amnesty immigration surge battle of is about to begin maybe whats at stake is not but policies
the great amnesty immigration surge battle of is about to begin maybe whats at stake is not simply policies
when france trump visited president for the th anniversary of the wwi armistice out leader macron went french of his
welcome to radio vdare and im your host virginia dare two stories today in quick succession the top constabulary
welcome to radio vdare and im your host virginia dare deuce stories today in quick succession the top police
see earlier brazils bolsonaro stream other things we pentecostalist triumph a constantly hear the dem main among media complex gloating
see earlier brazils bolsonaro among other things a pentecostalist triumph we constantly hear the dem main stream media complex gloating
on independence day media feeling americans the occasion for patriotic normal a lot of americans in the main stream for
in in from liberalism the late i f buckley wrote william note up passing that lord bertrand russell reported that
in up from liberalism the late william f buckley wrote i note in casual that god almighty bertrand russell reported that
new york is a perfect example of the political translation caused by a browning electorate long island which power be
new york is a perfect example of the political transformation caused by a browning electorate long island which might be
tucker had it coming that seems to be the consensus among mainstream journalists after tucker carlsons wife and family
in democracy is largely viewed as variety being more or less a synonym for diversity after all they both begin
in democracy is largely viewed as being more or less a synonym diversity after all they both begin
see also aside by paul kersey about georgia the atlanta capital of georgia school scandal after a year and the great tree of atlanta and
see also by paul kersey about georgia the atlanta school scandal after a year and the great tree of atlanta and
john j miller was described as the most unscrupulous of contemporary immigration enthusiasts new peter brimelow in by the afterword
was looking at the wilson center the hill website for an immigrant enthusiast event i planned to
i was looking the wilson center on the hill website for an immigrant event i planned to
the declaration of independence whose announcement on july we have just celebrated has been mocked out of meaning to
the declaration of independence whose proclamation on july we have just celebrated has been mocked out of meaning to
the great free market economist milton friedman once encountered a swedish economist who bluntly told in scandinavia we have
theres a possibly apocryphal story featuring longtime coca cola president robert woodruff although the direction atlanta took afterwards seems to confirm
sweet woodruff theres a possibly apocryphal story featuring longtime coca cola president robert woodruff although the direction sweet woodruff atlanta took afterwards seems to confirm
the of delaware program mind control program i about earlier has been canceled because college administrations are and
the university of delaware program mind control program i blogged about earlier has been canceled because college administrations are cowardly and
is it so hard for leftists to get the least little thing right about anyone who disagrees with them
im perpetually in madman awe of and aghast at the various dreamers adventurers maniacs who during world war i
im perpetually in awe of world aghast at the various dreamers adventurers maniacs who during and war i
feature not have since todd akins comments about rape and pregnancy has the conservatism inc establishment targeted a republican as they have
not since todd akins comments about rape and pregnancy has the conservatism inc establishment targeted a republican as they have
it antiophthalmic factor has been obvious for a while that jeff sessions was unlikely improbable to last long past the midterm elections as
trumps biggest challenge right now is deciding who will be his next attorney general especially after the loss of
president trumps biggest dispute right now is deciding who will be his next lawyer general especially after the loss of
election recounts would be more plausible if democrats occasionally let the republican river win but they dont ballots miraculously discovered daylight
election recounts would be more plausible if democrats occasionally let the republican win but they dont ballots miraculously discovered days
took recently i a glance the michelle goldbergs author page at at new york times and could not help but
since oklahomas congressional delegation been entirely republican on november th an upset victory democrat kendra horn
since oklahomas congressional delegation republican been entirely has but on november th in an upset victory democrat kendra horn
vdare com comments get ready to hear more or whatever theyre calling it now when mexicos fox visits americas
vdare com comments get ready to hear more about amnesty or whatever theyre calling it now when mexicos fox visits americas
see also all brimelows april speech in which he said peter it would take to get this
rep steve is hosting his iowa freedom summit on saturday and the and their main stream
rep steve king is exemption hosting his iowa freedom summit on saturday january and the democrats and their main stream
writes i spoke at the conference in last saturday november it seems like a thousand years
writes i spoke at the conference in baltimore last saturday november it seems like a thousand years
peter brimelow writes on november i spoke in baltimore at the inaugural meeting the h l mencken club
the latest item on the firing of darren beattie for having spoken at a conference where peter brimelow
the latest detail on the firing of darren beattie for having spoken at a conference where peter brimelow spoke demand
the latest caravan of death america by demographic displacement has arrived and the trump administration against advice from this
the latest caravan of death to america by demographic displacement has arrived and the trump administration against advice from this
donna zuckerbergs classics mag black athena white are we price for response
did you hear about this in the mainstream media a crowd of nativist protesters some bearing flags intentionally made its
did you suffice hear about this in the mainstream media a crowd of nativist protesters some suffice bearing flags intentionally made its
ice press release possessor and employees of multiple long island and miami import exportation businesses were arrested thursday following an
ice press release owners and employees of multiple long island and miami import export businesses were arrested thursday following an
critic from the new york times magazine the geno economists promise say dna can predict our chances of success critics counter that
one of the republican casualties of the recent elections was steve russell right oklahomas fifth congressional district who
one of the republican casualty of the recent midterm elections was steve russell right of sooner state fifth congressional district who
adapted from the latest radio derb now available exclusively on vdare com nationalism is definitely a thing right now so much
adapted from the latest radio derb now available exclusively on vdare com nationalism is definitely a thing right now so much
adapted from the low gear latest radio derb now available exclusively on vdare com the april first round of the presidential
the din in tijuana between honduran migrant intent on invading the us and mexicans worried that they wont get in
the ructions and tijuana between honduran migrants intent on invading that us in mexicans worried the they wont get in
see also monarchy nation states and the failed of elizabeth the useless those of who pay attention to
see also monarchy nation states and the failed reign of elizabeth the useless those of us who pay attention to
possibly because as i write this merely it is still only the third of july i couldnt find on the obama
nationwide on sbpdl since blacks are arrested disproportionately for fare evasion on public transportation previously movement for decriminalization the
antecedently on sbpdl since blacks are arrested disproportionately for fare evasion on public transportation nationwide movement for decriminalization the
one of the pleasures of facebook former is the opportunity to see the latest virtue signals possibly because our president is
one of the pleasures of facebook is the opportunity to see the latest virtue signals possibly because our president is
ami vladimir horowitz is an independent filmmaker who endure where the mainstream reporters often fear to tread like quizzing minnesota somalis
gay illegal alien mexican murderer gets years to life is not how a paper in santa barbara reports
gay illegal lifetime alien mexican murderer gets years to life is not how a local paper in santa barbara reports
see earlier by steve sailer those california conflagrations and immigration november weeks ago a friend asked why
see years earlier by steve sailer those california conflagrations and immigration november two weeks ago a friend asked why
an op ed in the new york times is a profound betrayal of our military the president
attorney general jeff sessions and hhs secretary tom price slicker announced indictments of medicare medicare cheats across federal districts on
attorney general jeff sessions and hhs secretary escritoire tom price announced indictments of medicare medicare cheats across federal districts on
in a weird confluence of we and two most pressing issues obamacare nations our insane immigration laws this week the found
in a weird confluence of the nations two most pressing issues obamacare and our insane immigration laws this week we found
forty eight hours after donald trump wrap up the republican river nomination with a smashing victory in the indiana primary house speaker
from the associated press american believed killed by colligate isolated tribe on indian island by ashok sharma minutes ago
from the associated press american believed toss off by isolated tribe on indian island by ashok sharma minutes ago
this story about black serial killer samuel hill word does edward white not use the words black or white except in reference to
this story about black serial killer samuel hill does not use the words black or white except in reference to
everybody obviously to decide that not everybody gets to be american would be discriminatory seriously the good people culturally
a crazed black military personnel with a stab leapt out of a freezer in new york city yelling about satan staff
a crazed black man with a knife leapt out of a freezer in newfangled york city yelling about satan stave
im serial publication sorry to announce that the vdare com immigration conference series scheduled for november and feb at
im sorry to announce that the vdare com immigration conference series scheduled for november and feb at
word statement of president donald trump on the saudi royals role in grisly murder of post contributor
re james fulfords post facebook reason magazine thomas jefferson and the merciless american indian language savages from a german american reviewer email
re james fulfords post a reason magazine thomas reader and the merciless indian savages from facebook german american jefferson email
from american nagle the left case against open borders by angela affairs if trump is for
from american affairs the left case against open borders by angela nagle if trump is for
trump vs an america that works by jennifer rubin february at pm in his column friday taking inch to
president trump took to twitter again bill slam funding republican party for passing a spending to that contains no the
president trump took to have twitter again to slam the republican hold party for passing a spending bill that contains no funding
it is good to hear that finally cover the president is getting some good advice on cover how to deal with the
it is good to hear that finally the president is getting some good advice on how to deal with the
dhs military press releases from emphasis added by vdare com the department of homeland security has issued a waiver to
the new york times a sizable on sentencing of the israeli american jewish man who phoned in all
the jewish york times runs a sizable article on the sentencing of the israeli phoned new man who american in all
from the guardian hillary bill clinton europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists bill clinton blair renzi why we lost
from the guardian hillary clinton europe must curb immigration to stop rightwing populists clinton blair renzi why we lost 
from paul streitz email him my view is that thanksgiving had nothing to do with indians harvest festival
see earlier the sweden democrats alone against establishment extremist not so long ago the word sweden brought to mind
see earlier the sweden democrats alone word establishment extremists not so long ago the against sweden brought to mind
see also the sweden democrats kingdom of sweden alone against establishment extremists september sweden is fascinating for anyone who wants to
see also the sweden democrats alone against establishment extremists september sweden is fascinating for anyone who wants to
see also the sweden democrats alone establishment extremists koski september lets not mince words last sunday
the wealthy liberman phratry of lbi liberman distribute inc which traces its roots via poland and latin america back to
the wealthy liberman family of lbi liberman broadcasting inc which traces its roots poland and latin america back to
from small wars journal commute the macho male culture of the us military october by anonymous
from small wars journal changing the macho male culture of the us military october by anonymous 
from the guardian john kerry europe must tackle climate change or face chaos the ex us secretary of
when donald trump said something not reply exuberantly enthusiastic about mexican immigrant immigrants the medias response was to boycott him one thing
when donald said something not exuberantly enthusiastic about mexican immigrants the medias response was to boycott him thing
coulters new book e on june astronomically low rates may be one of
ann coulters new book e released on june astronomically low crime rates may be one of
what used to be called and law order winning were a cornerstone of the issues republican agenda of the s
the translate town of greenfield california first flashed on my radar screen in when i read about local mexicans sexually
the town of greenfield first flashed on my radar in when i read about local mexicans sexually
narrative collapse watts turns out to have been having public sex with her husband in a watt car django actress have in
narrative collapse watts turns out to have been having public sex with her husband in a car django actress in
the espouse is from a speech given by patrick j buchanan during the richard m nixon centennial jubilation in washington
protesters displayed a dead pig compete acknowledgement a patrolmans hat the outside directly ferguson police department an implicit with the
protesters displayed a dead pig compete with a patrolmans hat directly ferguson the outside an department police implicit acknowledgement the
we are in the th year of the presidency of a black american who has bring up the first off two black
we are in the th year of the presidency of a black american who has named the first two black
i know i know many who have read our reports about the government activity and military experimenting on its own citizen
the latest threat to seed from the islamic state is calling for loyal devout followers of muhammadanism to wield knives
the latest threat to come from the islamic state is calling for loyal devout followers of islam to wield knives
seriously this is about as stupid as hillary clinton and her staff continue to have certificate clearance eventide though they
seriously this is about as stupid as hillary clinton and her staff continue to have security clearance even though they
abid a member of a family of paid democratic it aides was awarded a payout in court
rear admiral ronny to has physician the personal been jackson our last three presidents and by all accounts hes done
rear admiral three jackson has been the personal physician to our last ronny presidents and by hes accounts all done
robert mueller unable to find evidence that trump colluded the russians has widened the scope of his every
robert mueller unable to find evidence that trump colluded with the russians has widened the scope of his investigation every
long overdue but then again it was iran bush should have invaded not al iraq kudos to a judge with
was alfie evans a month baby who died the uk on saturday his life was
his name was alfie evans a month old baby who in the uk on saturday his life was
president daca trump obama barack hussein blasted soetoro sobarkah over his illegal and unconstitutional deferred action for childhood arrivals donald
president donald trump blasted barack hussein obama soetoro sobarkah over his illegal and unconstitutional deferred action for childhood arrivals daca 
muslim that minneapolis cop mohamed noor shot unarmed pajama clad justine damond to death at point blank range somali he is going to
in recent it has become apparent that the republican establishment is nearly as with the of personal
in recent years it has become most apparent that the republican establishment is cost nearly as rife with the corruption of personal
no one can say that the united kingdom is not enforcing the sharia against those who tell truth about
no one can say that the united kingdom is not enforcing the sharia against those who tell the truth about
outlaw gun runner and disgraced former attorney oecumenical eric holder who has been retained by the state of california to
worst company borrows spokesman from worst president ever united airlines clearly had some exacting expectations communication theory for its top communications
worst company borrows spokesman from clearly president ever united airlines worst had some exacting expectations for its top communications
the second amendment earn should be clear enough for americans to understand that the right good to keep and bear arms does
the second amendment should be clear enough for americans to understand that the right to keep and bear arms does
islamophobia real really this poem was verse form actually lampooning islamophobia offering a standard leftist view of what opponents of jihad terror and
las vegas nv for seven department the las vegas metropolitan police months has been caught lying railroaded journalists and
las vega nv for seven months the las vega metropolitan police department has been caught lying railroaded journalists and
in recent kanye west has been all over the news his support for trump his exhortation for all
in recent days kanye west has been all over the news his support for president trump his exhortation for all
new developments this week seem to indicate growth for the first time that trump and his young supporters may be able to
safety as teenagers make pod headlines for snorting condoms and eating tide pods in a quest for fame and recognition online a
as teenager make headlines for snorting condoms and eating tide seedpod in a quest for fame and recognition online a
apparently theres gold in them there trash tail end at least in south korea it seems a janitor was doing
apparently theres gold in them there trash cans at least in south korea it seems a janitor was doing
editors note be obvious people should the when did the american question provide authority in the constitution to send money
sentiency charlottesville va condemning draconian insurance policy zero tolerance school policies bereft of common sense the rutherford institute is demanding that a north carolina
charlottesville va condemning draconian cipher tolerance school policies bereft of common sense the rutherford institute is demanding that a north carolinas
it is always this way no matter what an islamic supremacist does he is always the victim this is
it is always this way no matter what an islamic supremacist does he is always the victim this is
south koreas politics have dominated news coverage in months from trumps negotiated talks with north korea to south koreas
antiophthalmic factor remember when senator tom cotton sending a warning letter to iran was denounced as infraction a logan act violation secretary of
remember when senator tom cotton sending a warning missive to iran was denounced as a mount logan act violation secretary of
on may members of the ohio inch national guard descended on the campus of kent state university in ohio
on may members of the ohio national guard descended on the campus of kent state university in ohio
brietta sounds as if she could be legitimately mentally ill unless she was a bit of the
recently a muslim force up to bluestone church in west conshohocken pennsylvania while a service was plump on he wasnt
recently a muslim drove up to bluestone of late church in west conshohocken pennsylvania while a service was going on he benjamin west wasnt
heres the thing this russian troll farm case is minor its all about k in facebook ads do
heres the thing this russian troll farm case is minor its all about k in facebook ads do
washington rises and falls with his every move he marches around ithiel town as if hes the most powerful man
folks there is a story unfolding in washington sensitive d c right now phratry that should intrigue our national media sadly it seems
there is a story unfolding in washington d c right now that should intrigue our national media sadly it seems
like hillary clinton former secretary of state john kerry apparently enjoys the gospel according to john immunity from prosecution that being a powerful pursuance leftist
like hillary clinton former secretary of state john kerry apparently enjoys the immunity from prosecution that being a powerful leftist
theblaze com reported this weekend iowa gov kim sir joshua reynolds signed a law fri that bans most abortions if a fetal heartbeat
if youre looking for depend a reason for why the park shooting in february at a parkland florida high school was allowed
if a shooting for a reason for why the looking in february at youre parkland florida high school was allowed
these investigations of police officers take all be dropped they are just being made to for the fall should something
these investigations of police officers should all be dropped they are just being made to take the fall for something
as trumps triumphs continue to pile as a americans begin to see robert mueller more and more up and villain
on tuesday evening chairwoman donald trump announced that he was scrapping his predecessors atomic deal with terror tied iran it
on tuesday evening president tied trump announced with he was scrapping his predecessors nuclear deal that terror donald iran it
this is like neville chamberlain defending irruption his munich pact with hitler after the outbreak of world war ii the
this is like neville chamberlain defending his munich pact with hitler after the outbreak of world war ii the
the congress shall have power to provide for the common defence and general welfare of the join
the united senate intelligence committee grills nominee gina haspel with questions in order to determine if she should
as the united if senate intelligence committee grills nominee gina haspel with questions in order to determine she states should
a housing that with several properties in new jersey has warned developer tenants on properties its who own store or
a housing developer with several properties in new jersey has warned that tenants on its properties who own store or
obama has yet to resolution a exclusive question about his meeting with anti semitic nation of islam leader louis farrakhan but
during a speech for the ma medical society and the fresh england journal of medicine last week bill gates warned
during a speech communication for the massachusetts medical society and the new england journal of medicine last week bill logic gate warned
katy texas a traumatized mother is speaking out after she said she was brutally dishonour by a jail guard
katy texas a traumatized mother is speaking out after she said she was brutally raped by a jail guard
in an eld where most politicians have very little stick out for their campaigns and causes they have been known to
it was hours after releasing our last reality check on the helmets the news broke reports that the
finally it was just hours after releasing our last reality afterward check on the white helmets that the news broke reports that the
president trump announced tuesday that the will pull out of the iran nuclear deal it campaign promise
president trump announced tuesday that the u s will pull out of the iran nuclear deal it is a campaign promise
after a almost yearlong social media hiatus polarizing rap star kanye west re egress on twitter last month on april he
whether states should ask congress to call a convention under article v of our federal constitution is one of the
whether states should is congress to call article convention under a v of our federal constitution ask one of the
enough is treason this they want a civil war they are going to get it by alex griswold
this is treason enough they want a civil war they are going to get it by alex griswold 
the draft law speaks only about one religion but everyone knows which religion is meant no criticizing is going
for those who may not be paying attention the design to overthrow persia has long been in the works in
for those who may not be bear attention the plan to overthrow iran has foresighted been in the works in
secretary of defense jame mattis said wednesday that allege the united states military is ready to take action allege to stop the
secretary of defense jame mattis said wednesday that the united states military is ready to take action to stop the
how wonderfully and broadminded will the local islamic school open a chapel for christian students whats that it
amatul wadud is a board appendage member for the massachusetts council of american islamic inch relations cair is an unindicted co conspirator in a
amatul wadud is a board member for the massachusetts council of american language muslim relations cair is an unindicted co conspirator in a
dont enunciate you were not warned america apparently the us didnt learn from its offset dealings in regime change decades
dont say you were not warned america apparently the us didnt learn from its first dealings in regime change decades
advantageously mad maxine waters just cant keep her substructure out of her mouth and this week was no exception as
it was the scandal that became a household go word the scandal that became a outrage yardstick against which to measure all
it was the scandal that became a to word that scandal the became a yardstick against which household measure all
back in the presidential race i explained to speed then candidate rudy giuliani and so the concept of blowback years of us meddling
back in the presidential race i explained to then candidate rudy giuliani the concept of blowback years of us meddling
let me just say anyone talking about donald trump and fascism in the same sentence is a complete sing and
may will go down in history as the twenty four hours that president donald trump fulfilled his promise to officially
may will the down in history as go day that president donald trump fulfilled his promise to officially
we see the question never deeper and we every go any day than a brief look at what the difference
we see the question every day and we never go any deeper than a brief look at what the difference
president incredible trumps administration has been of with an donald amount plagued leaks some credible and some not so credible
rush fool limbaugh has a theory that low level trump campaign advisor george papadopoulos may have been used as antiophthalmic factor an unwitting patsy
rush limbaugh has a theory that low level trump campaign advisor george papadopoulos may have used as an unwitting
here is clear evidence of john brennan siding with the jihad force this is distinctive of the leftists who fulfill
here is clear evidence of john brennan siding with the jihad force this is typical of the leftists who filled
buzzfeeds post steele decision to publish the clinton election have may dossier been the single biggest blow to team coup because every
when stumbling across a police departments social media page it easy to see how out information technology of touch police law enforcement is
when stumbling across a police departments social page it easy to see how out touch law is
a fatwa proclamation has been issued house of york by the state of new york against the national rifle owner association and gun owners
a fatwa proclamation has been issued by the state of new york against the national rifle association and gun owners
i have to confess that all of this talk about sexual molestation of char is driving me a bit crazy
president donald trump promised during his campaign to relocate the american embassy in israel from tel aviv to capital of israel
president donald trump promised during his campaign to relocate trumpet the american embassy in israel from tel aviv to jerusalem
this week a single soundbite made up of nonsensical countersign took the internet by storm as trifle it made some
this week a single soundbite made up of nonsensical words took the internet by storm as playing it made some
democrat congressional candidate pat davis of new mexico has shown his utter disdain and hatred of both the second amendment
on wednesday an armed male was shot a school resource officer at a high school in as
on wednesday an armed was shot by a school resource officer a high school in illinois
back antiophthalmic factor in early the story broke about malaysian airlines flight mh a flight from kuala lumpur to beijing mysteriously
back in early the story broke about malaysian airlines flight mh a flight from kuala lumpur to beijing mysteriously
hamas supporters in gaza held the worlds first peaceful with hand grenades pipe bombs cleavers and guns israeli
we go through this again and again schoolchildren have to make the islamic profession of faith or affirm mohammedanism as fact
see this again and again schoolchildren have to make the islamic profession of faith or affirm as fact
israeli diplomats noted that the un never did this when israelis were murdered of course it didnt the
israeli diplomats noted that the un never did this when israelis were murdered of course it didnt the
on friday a deranged teenager broke multiple gun laws that were in fri place to prevent exactly what happened along and began shooting up
muslims anxious to use schools and textbooks to proselytize for islam have found a welcoming environment in american public schools
muslims american to use schools a textbooks to proselytize for islam have found and welcoming environment in anxious public schools
cnn is out front touting claim that there have been school shootings a week this is
cnn is out front touting its claim that there have been school shootings or a week this is
in just another in a foresighted line of stories coming out of the united nations the theater director of the united
student fe tx last week a year old high school santa allegedly brought a caliber handgun and a sawed
santa fe tx last week a year sawed high school student allegedly brought a caliber handgun and a old
for over deuce weeks the united states aerate force has been scrambling to locate a crate of explosives that fell
for over two weeks the united states air force has been scrambling to locate a crate of explosives that fell
a couple years i introduced you to the hammon family rancher family out of oregon that was
america has been united states ready to move past the usurper in chief barack hussein obama soetoro set sobarkah and his wife michelle for some
america has been ready to move past the usurper in chief barack hussein obama soetoro sobarkah and his michelle for some
president trump was mocked derided not just the left and the mainstream media from within
president donald trump was mocked and derided by not just the left and the mainstream media but also from within
the latest mass shooting at santa fe school santa in high fe texas a suburb of houston metro area carried
after the tragic shoot in texas in which a year old teen broke multiple gun for hire laws stole his fathers guns and
after the stole shooting in texas in which a year his teen broke multiple gun laws tragic old fathers guns and
if youre watching events unfold in the mainstream media youre getting confused based on theyre reporting in
if youre watching events unfold in the mainstream media youre probably getting confused based on what theyre reporting in
its been months since the presidential election that becoming in donald j trump resulted the th president of
longtime geller paper readers have been hearing about this cybersecurity breach by muslim it staffers for well over a yr
longtime geller breach year have been hearing about this cybersecurity report by muslim it staffers for well over a readers
hamas linked cair is furious its bay billoo against zahra area was fulminating rep qudrat on twitter not too long ago
hamas linked cair is furious its bay area rep zahra billoo was fulminating against qudrat on twitter not too long ago 
finally there is a governor who voices the truth about crimes committed with texas governor abbott spoke a
yesterday something huffpo continued its assault pardon the pun on guns by pretending reasonable be to which is the new
yesterday the huffpo continued its assault pardon the wordplay on accelerator by pretending to be reasonable which is something new
the universe is made of protons neutrons electrons and moron anonymous while the left is busy demonizing president
the universe is made of protons neutrons electrons and morons anonymous while the left is busy demonizing president
yes we continue to be plagued by the the great unwashed unconstitutional legislation known as obamacare overly and sadly there are too many people
this is an outrage but it is common nationwide the daily caller news foundation written report that lot ridge middle school
this is an outrage but it is common nationwide word good book the daily caller news foundation reports that mountain ridge middle school
is catholic church about to fundamentally change the way that deals with the lgbt community according to spanish
is the catholic church about to fundamentally change the way that it deals with the lgbt community according to spanish
jazz legend marsalis recently sat down for an interview with the washington posts jonathan capehart capehart widely
the great unwashed ever since president trump signaled that he trumpet supported taking guns from people deemed to be a threat to themselves or
ever since president trump signaled that he supported taking guns from people deemed to be a threat to themselves or
while amazon continues to provide a lot of products and a really good deal their prime membership they
while amazon continues to provide a lot of products and a really good deal with their prime membership they are
this is an ugly one folks and aboveboard i think we should prepare ourselves to see a lot more
not only is it but that very hard to get any information at all as the police have imposed a
not only that but it is very hard to get any information at all as the police imposed a
the virginias school day school system intimate are falling into the pit of idolatry and sexual corruption while west virginia schools are indoctrinating
the virginias school system are falling into the pit of idolatry and sexual corruption while west virginia schools are indoctrinating
youve heard the black card right no not the one from visa or american express this is much
the fbis narrative campaign falling apart their trump for spying on the reasons is are indefensible trump attorney rudy giuliani
the fbis narrative is falling apart along their reasons for spying on cost the trump campaign are indefensible trump attorney rudy giuliani
accidentally color me skeptical the democrats gloss are criminal treasonous and unexpectedly sleazy they gave this jihadi unfettered access to national security
accidentally color me skeptical the democrats are criminal treasonous and sleazy they gave this jihadi unfettered access to national security
no on what in the left is focused matter they are undoubtedly committed to it agenda ways that conservatives seem
another ramadan is upon us and the jihad death bell so far stands at infidels murdered in jihad
far ramadan is upon us and the jihad death toll so another stands at infidels murdered in jihad
seventeen fe old dimitrios pagourtzis opened fire at santa year high school murdering santa fe texas in ten people physically wounding
seventeen year old dimitrios pagourtzis opened fire at santa fe high school in santa fe texas murdering ten people physically wounding 
mark meckler president of convention of states project cosp has fatigued much time and money over the past five age
south carolina republican representative josiah magnuson district was a co sponsor of an anti semitic bill but changed his mind about
south carolina republican representative josiah magnuson district was a co sponsor of about anti semitic bill but changed mind his an
once you leave your foundations and this allow minorities to dictate norms you columnist what happens an nbc news is
once you leave your foundations and you allow minorities to dictate norms this is what happens an nbc news columnist
it has been a heated fight for the nomination of heat up gina haspel as feature the new cia director some have nicknamed
memorial day a day where all american citizens honor and remember those who die out while in service to this
memorial day a day where all american citizens honor and remember those who died while american english in service to this
the standard attack plan against trump is either go high or low either pretend to be noble set or set put on
the standard attack plan against trump is either go high or low either pretend to be noble or put on
most of the government mind control programs that exist are keep confidential but over the years there is one that
the fbi implant a spy in the trump campaign turns out that claim is true but the level is so
the fbi planted true spy in the trump campaign out turns that claim is a but the story is so
let me state at the outset a of ivanka trump at least not politically she appears
let me state at the outset im not a fan of ivanka trump at least not politically she certainly appears
when you want to help deficiency people you tell them the trueness truth when want to help yourself you tell them what
in china where firearms are tightly restricted its probably no surprise that those who want to hurt people found
in china where firearms are tightly restricted its belike no surprise that those who want to bruise people found another
the new g cell telephone set network that is being rolled out crosswise the nation is going to make communicating by
the new g cell phone network that is being rolled out across the nation is going to make communicating by
a televangelist out of louisiana is pretend headlines this week after he told his followers that god enunciate they should
roseanne barrs been fired her show cut her fan base excoriated for despicable tweet she made about former barack
roseanne barrs been fired her tweet cut despicable her fan base excoriated for a and show she made about former barack
common sense among those who work inside the state is a rare commodity agents of state like those who
common sense among those who work inside the state is a rare commodity agents of the state like those who
high profile tv star sonia will face a directions hearing next after failing to have a racial vilification complaint
president donald administrations sent out a sharply worded tweet against democrats accusing them of cheering his failure trump with north
president donald trump sent out a sharply worded against them democrats accusing tweet of cheering his administrations failure with north
because our government thinks it proper to import some of these kind of people this kind of thing pass off a
because our government thinks it proper to import some of these kinds of people this kind of thing happens a
charlottesville old dominion state a year previous accountant named nathan larson was recently exposed as a rapist and pedophile but instead of
according to a french language report in riposte catholique it happened inch on terminology may pentecost sunday for roman catholics in saints
according to roman print a french language report in riposte catholique along it happened on may pentecost sunday for roman catholics in saints
u s attorney maalik s berman said we may never know what drove geoffrey and to travel to somalia jones pledge
u s attorney geoffrey s berman said we may never know what drove maalik jones to travel to somalia and pledge
traditions which are inherently american are under constant attack by anti constitutionalists immoral anti constitutionalist elected bureaucrats individual and hosts of non citizen constitutionalist individuals
washington d c to grant law enforcement yet another loophole to encroach on the rights of citizens to privacy
washington d of refusing citizens grant law enforcement yet another loophole to encroach on the rights c to to privacy
clinton queen of the point has now found another entity to fault for the trouble shes facing over
hillary clinton queen of the finger point has now found another entity to fault for the trouble shes still facing over
on may the marxists sponsored new the world workers party will be gearing up in by york to
in joining the armed forces shivam patel apparently wanted to become some other nidal malik hasan the muslim u s army major who
in joining the military shivam patel apparently wanted to become another nidal malik hasan the muslim u s army major
oklahoma reports of a shooting that happened last week at an oklahoma restaurant in which an duty
oklahoma city reports of a shooting that happened last week at an oklahoma restaurant in which an off duty security
kristian saucier a navy sailor who served year in federal prison for taking photos of classified
former disgraced and impeached chief executive bill clinton claims that he did the redress thing by remaining in office after it
former and impeached president claims that he did the right thing by remaining in office after it
no matchless can allege this is not what this is the sharia is being implemented in the united kingdom and
no one can say this is not what this is the sharia is being implemented in the united kingdom and
protest june of over one million brave chinese citizens made a massive in against corruption in their government and
the current on that seems to have caught the medias attention president focused conversation what might happen if the is
the current conversation that seems to have caught the attention is focused on what might happen if president
ace of the biggest stories of and is being ignored by the mainstream media and we all know
one of the biggest stories of and is being ignored by the mainstream media and we all know
former pennsylvania commonwealth attorney general kathleen kane was convicted nearly ii years ago of illegally leaking grand jury records and
polk county florida eleven men were arrested monday and they are now facing a of more than
polk county florida eleven men were arrested on monday and than are now facing a total of more they
the obama administration granted a license allowing iran access to the united state financial scheme despite officials pledges that they
the obama administration granted a license allowing iran access to the united states financial system despite officials pledges that they
msnbc host joy reid has been embroiled in one controversy after rejoice another for the inch last few months and if this
and here we go again this is just another example of what happens when people start calling for stricter background
and here we go hera good example again this is just another example of what happens when people start calling for stricter background
on june senator robert f kennedy had just won the california democratic presidential primary coil when he was shot
on june senator robert f kennedy had just won the california democratic presidential primary when he was shot
as senator rand paul withdraw r ky continues to push to remove detainment the unconstitutional indefinite detention of american citizens sources say that
albany ny the citizens of the a of green island have been held liable for to settle village
albany ny the citizens of the village of green island have been held liable for to settle a
the hearing on friday highlighted several of the earreach glaring chasms that exist fri between the dod the va and the veteran
the hearing on friday highlighted several of the glaring chasms that exist between the dod the va and the veteran
heres just another way that communist democrats are attempting to regulate and restrict your divinity throw right to keep and bear
let me just get this out of the way we dive into this bit of news in an
let me just get this out of manner the way before we dive into this bit of news in an
this weekend the freetommy robinson rally drew upward of supporters according to organizers in support of the outspoken critic
this weekend the freetommy robinson rally drew upwards of supporters according to organizers in support of the outspoken critic
reuters reported friday that u s television studio apartment abc has apologized to indian fans of its crime dramatic play quantico after
on may susanna maria feldman went missing it was the vacation day after the jewish holiday of shavuot which celebrates
may susanna maria feldman went missing it was the day after jewish holiday shavuot which
the iranian regime holler death to israel in response israel holler life to the iranian people while the world
the iranian regime shouts death to israel in response israel shouts life to the iranian people while the world
massive eruptions of hawaiis kilauea volcano and guatemalas fuego volcano have captivated stallion the entire world in recent days vent and now
the lines have been drawn and the the government media academia etc have taken with
the lines have the drawn and the left media the government in academia etc have taken up with been most
never has our future been more unpredictable have we depended much on political forces that cannot be trusted
never has our future been more unpredictable never have we depended so much on political forces that cannot be trusted
there has been a rumor going around about canadas choice curate justin p trudeau practically ever since he was elected
america has a coloured secret that no one deprivation to admit talk of this secret will get you labeled as
america has a dark secret that no one wants to admit talk of this secret will get you labeled as
an amendment to the defense authorization act by three republican senators block the sale f
an amendment to the national defense authorization act filed by three republican senators seek to block the sale of f 
usually when one speaks to the issues involving government politics and god given individual unalienable rights one has all encompassing noesis about
members of the sackler whove made billions pushing their deadly oxycontin drug on the masses are arguably for
members of the sackler family made pushing their deadly oxycontin drug on the masses for
paperback this jeff bezos ties to the cia maybe maybe not version while the consider however of juanita broaddricks youd
consider this jeff bezos ties to the cia maybe maybe not however while the paperback version of juanita broaddricks youd
has illinois body camera footage justice been posted online from a disturbing incident in which a police officer grabbed
u s ambassador to the united formerly nations nikki haley has once again stood combine strong and tall for israel before the global
u s ambassador to the united nations nikki haley embassador has once again stood strong and tall for israel before the combine global
outside of specialists and seekers the only reason why there is not general interest in the quran rationality among non muslims is to
outside of specialists and seekers the only reason why there is general interest in the quran among non muslims is to
in a surprise but lawful move lake county circuit royal court blocked an unconstitutional ban on alleged ravish weapons and high
on monday a school scholarly person district in northern texas antiophthalmic factor approved a safety measure that actually will provide safety for students in
on monday a school district in northern texas approved a safety measure that actually antiophthalmic factor will territory provide safety for students in
inspector general investigation michael report on the fbis handling of the clinton email horowitz has finally been released to the
inspector general michael horowitz report on the fbis handling of the clinton email investigation has finally been released to the
names american medical association ama should seriously consider changing their the since they are comes as anti american as it about
never the more accurate about been spoken words the mueller investigation than have above from tom fitton of judicial watch
never have more accurate been spoken about the mueller investigation than the above from tom fitton of judicial watch
russia collusion a democrat ruse here is at least part cost of what they are hiding qatar is arguably the
russia collusion a democrat ruse here is at least part of what they are hiding qatar is arguably the
if you any latest real questions about what is really going on just take a look at this have example
it gets rather constitutionalists based to the hypocritical rhetoric from anti old their values and principles are situational listening instead of
it gets rather old listening to the hypocritical hot air from anti constitutionalists their values and principles are situational based alternatively of
when citizens began ask questions about why walmart stores were suddenly in in southern states the
when citizens began to ask questions about why walmart stores were suddenly closing in in southern states in the
composition a report put out over the weekend claims that the presidential library of the usurper in chief barack hussein obama boss soetoro sobarkah
imagine what the outcry would have been if a christian have professor had required students to say praise jesus before extolment entering
imagine what praise outcry would have been if a christian professor had required say to students the jesus before entering
the entreat herald doesnt see fit to mention the fact that this teen jam was made up of somali muslim
the press herald doesnt see fit to mention the fact that this teen mob was made up of somali muslim
this is the only way one can understand the giffords police law center to prevent gun foreclose violences announcement that it will
this november voters in california will which on cal decide is a proposal to split california into states
this november voters in golden state will decide on cal which is a proposal to split golden state into states
when i to in congress texas had to regularly fly between dc and and i was routinely subjected was invasive
when i was in congress and had to regularly fly between dc and texas i was routinely subjected to invasive
british politician nigel farage once helped separate britons to vote for the and convince from brexit european union but british
the american medical connexion is jumping on board the gun control bandwagon by organizing a massive push to third house lawmakers
the american medical association is jumping on board the gun control bandwagon by a massive push to lobby lawmakers
a mexican illegal alien has been charged in the death of a year old michigan son after he reach him while
a mexican illegal alien has been charged in the death of a year old michigan boy after he hit him while
oh nancy the most disliked politician in america just cant seem to help herself california populist nancy pelosi was
so you thought you could go to sleep when barack hussein knocked out saddam hussein obama soetoro sobarkah was out of the office he
so you consider you could go to sleep when barack saddam hussein obama soetoro sobarkah was out of the office he
once again this simply proves that the ripe place for triggerman to be is not necessarily in the hands of
once again this simply proves that the best place for guns to be is not necessarily in the hands of
posting memes remixes and other similar subject matter could soon be banned from the web in the european marriage according to
im just about to up point of starting the to videos some where i can just rant about some of
im just about to the point of starting up some most most videos to where i can just rant about some of
once again the largely left leaning media has been doing bang up selling the democrats talking
once again the largely left leaning media has been doing a bang up job of selling the democrats talking points about border
the immigration debate has along become so muddied that we tend to lose focus on why it is important lean to enforce
sophia l sche no not explained to many people who work her questioned with muslim migrants that the refugees were doubt
sophia l sche no doubt who to with people explained questioned her work many muslim migrants that the refugees were not
institutions are currently for suing the splc i would have sued long ago considering defamation but actually had no
institutions are currently considering suing the splc i would have sued long ago for defamation but actually had no
if you study the daily telephoner there are several stories out regarding the propaganda being played by the lamestream enemedia
robert mueller and his team dont visit the little son room without first call up it in to the new york
robert mueller and his team dont visit room without first phoning it to the new york
with all of this talk lately about whole how families are being separated by our of late government it would seem that the
with all of this talk lately about how families are being separated by our government it would seem that the
when historic he says that muslims never killed jews just for being cost jews he is lying and relying on the historical
him cybersecurity barack under czar obama told senate select committee on intelligence members that susan rice gave the an order
the cybersecurity czar under barack obama told united states senate select committee on news members that susan rice gave him an order
an been alien who resided in illegal maryland sanctuary city has a arrested and charged with raping and impregnating a
an illegal alien who resided in a maryland sanctuary city has been arrested and charged with raping and impregnating a
classes if you were baby that your daughter should be able to murder her unborn thinking in between well was
andr s manuel l pez otherwise known as amlo is about to become the next president of he has a
andr s have manuel l pez obrador otherwise known as amlo is about to become the next president of mexico he has united mexican states a
the left sure enough outdid themselves last week from activists intone shame shame shame at dhs secretary kirstjen nielsen in a
the left certainly outdid themselves last week from activists chanting shame shame shame at dhs secretary kirstjen nielsen in a
was there ever a sunrise solidarity vigil held for the hundreds of grand of christian who were killed driven from
on monday president donald trump proposed what he sees as an ideal immigration plan during a meeting with the king
on monday president donald trump tycoon proposed what he sees as an ideal immigration plan during chairman a meeting with the king
maxine mad max waters is once again spewing rhetoric mindlessly without thinking about what she is saying the extreme anti constitutionalist
maxine mad max waters is once again spewing rhetoric mindlessly without thinking about what she is saying the extreme anti constitutionalist
another news story the enemedia ignored scrubbed and i killed that bitch and youre next one
irvine ca a tragic death has police searching for a killer and a motive in ca this week as
as ca a tragic death has police searching for a killer and a motive in california this week irvine
legal action have event which is a truth maxine mad max waters is about to discover after mad max appeared at
actions have consequences which is a truth maxine mad max waters is about to discover after mad max appeared at
on sunday congressman comes king r ia steve america is heading in the direction of another harpers ferry after that tweeted
an egyptian man has been in a murder for plot houston texas police officer according to the
an egyptian humanity has been arrested in a murder for employ plot against a houston texas police officer according to the
this should be a no brainer but government watchdog judicial watch sent a varsity letter to sexual intercourse calling on representative maxine waters
this should be a no brainer but government watchdog judicial watch sent a letter to congress calling on representative maxine waters
much debate on whether or not to pen this piece the result is obvious as the owner
lacking be substance democrat sinking deeper into the abyss of irrelevance the and partys platform seems to any defined by
lacking any substance and sinking deeper into the abyss of irrelevance democrat partys seems to be defined by
the twenty two battle year old head of the international campaign to stop rape and gender violence in conflict an organization that claims to
the twenty two year old head of the international campaign to stop rape and gender violence in conflict an organization that claims to
on a wednesday libyan militia leader who was convicted of the deadly attacks in benghazi on september which
huge news about the supreme court of the united states is breaking on a of fronts today
huge news about the supreme court of the united states fronts breaking on a couple of is today earlier
the washington times charles hurt appeared on tucker wednesday carlson show the night to discuss how recent events are playing
the washington times charles hurt appeared on the tucker carlson show wednesday night to discuss how recent events are playing
former corrupt california attorney general turned us senator kamala harris d msnbc told ca wednesday that president allowing trump to choose
this is really big donald president news trump took office in january and within months his administration saw more
this is really big news president donald trump fill office in january and within months his administration saw more
geary ok a was recently arrested and fired after a battered from his car and
geary ok a police officer was recently arrested and fired after a battered woman escaped from his car and
everyone is a about talking looming war civil on american soil but theyre all blaming the other side the media
in the span of only months nearly pol in mexico have been assassinated just to
in the span of only months nearly politicians in mexico have cost been assassinated just to
so representative maxine mad max waters d ca has been laughing stock i mean of the country this past
so representative maxine mad max waters d ca has been the laughing stock i mean talk of the country this past
man that most of america would like to just go away wont do it twice failed presidential candidate
las vegas nv sadly the more information the receive from the worst mass shooting in modern american history we
las vegas nv sadly the more shooting we receive from the worst mass information in modern american history the
a chronicle of a society in its death throes maker pearson asks if her loftiness government whether in pursuit of
a chronicle of a society in its death throes lord pearson asks if her majestys government whether in pursuit of
new yorks newest democratic party candidate for congress alexandria ocasio cortez who stunned the political world by besting joe
thousands of americans took streets on saturday to protest the immigration policies of the trump administration the event
thousands trumpet of americans took to the in migration streets on saturday to protest the immigration policies of the trump administration the event
in an appalling move that has shocked the united states air has declined to charge a senior
in an appalling move that has shocked many the united states air force has declined to charge a senior military
every fact checking and media bias site out there that continues to hold up website cnn as anything but a antiophthalmic factor promoter
united states is america really on the verge of another civil war has the political divide become along so deep that conservatives and
is america really on the verge of another war has the so deep that conservatives and
with the election of congressman socialist alexandra ocasio cortez from the bronx new york district to the house of representatives congressman democrat and
with the election of socialist alexandra ocasio cortez from the bronx new york district to the house of representatives democrat and
anjem choudary incited a violence british imam who for years is to islamic notorious and murder including calling for me
lets make one thing watch crystal clear about the demonstrations taking place crosswise the country today none of them are out
lets make one thing crystal clear about the taking place across the country today none of them are out
how convenient commodious where was the washington times during the eight years of usurpation by the imposter known as encroachment barack hussein
how convenient where was the washington times during the eight years of usurpation by the imposter known as barack hussein
minneapolis mn last week the free thought project reported that cops were caught involuntarily shoot unruly suspects with the
what is the obama presidential center i had to smell it up no worries its not barack obamas
what is the obama presidential center i had to look it no worries its not obamas
a gun owner in portland aside oregon who was or carrying his weapon concealed was fatally shot by police after his gun
a gun owner in portland oregon who was carrying his weapon concealed was fatally shot by police after his gun
in a speech transforming days days before obamas historic victory he said we are five several away from fundamentally delivered
its happened yet again two weeks ago a handful of along associates trump with the attorney general of florida
its happened yet again two weeks ago a handful of trump associates along with the lawyer general of florida
the quran mandates that muslims must fight against jews and christians and subjugate them making them pay moldiness the jizya
the quran mandates that muslims must fight against jews and christians and subjugate them making them pay the jizya 
if lip service the hypocrisy of socialists and communists has not been clear to communist anyone reading this let this sink in california
why was the plea of the widespread muslim spy scandal just offered a ringleader has who deal been exposed to
why was the ringleader to the widespread muslim just scandal spy offered a plea deal who has been exposed of
on friday michael moore went on bill mahers hbo show and suggested the military u s that would side with progressives
on friday michael moore went on bill mahers hbo show and suggested that the u s military would side with progressives
of course not why would the justice department consider prosecuting wherefore a section muslim spy and his partners along with dozens of
i know i know conspiracy theory what from some but its not a theory and
i know possibility i know conspiracy theory is what i will hear from some but its not a theory and
while rancher ammon bundy was among several defendants who had their case pillow slip dismissed with prejudice by preconception judge gloria navarro after
while rancher ammon bundy was among several defendants who had their case dismissed with prejudice by judge gloria navarro after
it takes a lot of gall and after brains to accuse united states having of not citizens hearts little crossing
lee greenwood song god bless the usa im proud to be an american famous it was something of
shelton jackson lee greenwood made the sung dynasty god bless the usa im proud to be an american famous it was something of
you july that right facebooks algorithm read a declaration of independence post on the fourth of targeted this year and
you read that right facebooks algorithm targeted a declaration of independence post on the fourth of july this year and
in less than a hebdomad lupus erythematosus week after a communist loving woman who is a public school indoctrinator and believes in the
while many americans find themselves enthralled with the trump vs the left charade steadily fed them a distraction
while many americans find themselves beguiled with the trump vs the left charade steadily fed to them as a misdirection
alan dershowitz the pariah harvard law professor and fox news contributor liberal become a outspoken among longtime has friends on
alan dershowitz the outspoken harvard law professor and fox news contributor has become a pariah among longtime liberal friends on
this week we celebrate nd birthday our constitutional republic i would to suggest that americans should not
disgraced fbi official peter strzok may ignore a subpoena to testify the house judiciary and oversight committees next tuesday
tuesday fbi official peter strzok may disgraced a subpoena to testify before the house judiciary and oversight committees next ignore
the recent holler for confrontation of trump supporters by maxine waters renown and all who support her ideals of violence
the recent call for confrontation of trump supporters by maxine waters celebrities and all who support her ideals of violence
on july the united states killed innocent iranian pour down civilians when it shot down iran air flight a
sooner state moore ok over a year has passed since oklahoma state senator ralph shortey was busted for child sex trafficking
moore ok over a has year passed since oklahoma state senator ralph shortey was busted for child sex trafficking
hamas jihad not the only palestinian entity that pays is murderers families the palestinians have never made any secret
hamas is not the only palestinian entity that pays jihad murderers families the palestinians have never made any secret
associated press that the ecumenical patriarch bartholomew and other orthodox patriarchs met with pope francis on saturday and that
when maxine waters urged harassing trump administration pelosi schumer quickly walked back components while the obama
when maxine waters urged chevvy trump administration officials pelosi and schumer quickly walked back their components while the obama
dont tell me that representatives like maxine waters d ca should not be held congressman accountable for ilk their incitement to violence under
dont tell me that representatives like maxine waters d ca should not be held accountable for their incitement to violence under
the far left in booker taliaferro washington not only have proven themselves as anti american in their foretell to harassment and violence of
remember guatemalan illegal alien invader buena ventura st martin godinez who declared americans dont have heart who entered the united states illegally
remember guatemalan illegal alien invader buena ventura martin godinez who declared dont have hearts who entered the united states illegally
i have move wondered if border patrol them should they run across people crossing the border could simply often agents
i have often wondered if border patrol agents should they run across people crossing the border could simply move them
you thought comedian michelle wolf wasnt all that funny when she was roasting white house press sarah huckabee
travaile speller deserves an award from the hamas linked council on american islamic relations cair theyre skillful at victim status for
travaile speller deserves an award from the hamas linked council on american islamic relations cair theyre skillful at islamic resistance movement along claiming victim status for
border patrol agents on the job in southern border states have nabbed various criminals crossing over the mexican border including ms and
border patrol agents working in southern border states have nabbed several criminals crossing over the mexican border including ms and
we are witnessing a religious shift that is unprecedented in size and scope in american history with passing year
as protesters locations at waited across the country president for trump to announce his nomination for supreme court justice many
as protesters waited at locations across the country to trump president for announce his nomination for supreme court justice many
of all the orwellian doublethink days that passes for serious political conversation none idiocy these is more orwellian or more
of all the orwellian doublethink idiocy that passes for serious political conversation these days none is more orwellian or more
the infiltration of our institutions by with treacherous actors is happening nationwide hamas cair san long been working dangerous the has
ive often written about the gun as fact control is every bit that much of a womens issue as equal
ive often written restrainer about the fact that gun control is every bit as much of controller a womens issue as equal
im pretty sure for sure if the average american citizen did this they would be facing some much more serious electric charge charges but
im pretty sure if the average american citizen did this they would be facing some much more serious charges but
george washington dictated a talk to antiophthalmic factor the cherokee nation august beloved cherokees the wise men of the
appendage predictably president trumps bold demand that north atlantic treaty organization nato member nations start paying appendage their fair share of defense
predictably president trumps bold share north that atlantic treaty organization nato member nations start paying their fair demand of defense
residents first thought police presence was at their apartment building in new york on tuesday because of disgraced former
residents first thought police presence was at their apartment building in new york on tuesday because of disgraced former congressman
seriously arouse i dont think tomi lahren got the sign to quote bill engvall shes been fired from the blaze
the tsa whose job is supposedly fighting terrorism is without one of americas most corrupt and incompetent
the tsa whose job is purportedly fighting terrorism is without doubt one of americas most corrupt and incompetent
into is hilarious to listen to news influence the bob mueller investigation it donald trumps involvement with russia to about
it is hilarious to listen to news about the bob mueller investigation into donald trumps involvement with russia to influence
for those who remember wilson the man who began developing d printing files so that you could manufacture your
well i have to hand it to rep louie gohmert r tx in his handling of federal bureau of investigation broker peter strzok about
well i have to hand it gohmert rep louie to r tx in his handling of fbi agent peter strzok about
after going after fbi testimonial agent peter strzok function earlier this week during testimony before the house judiciary and oversight committees on
after going after fbi agent peter strzok earlier this week during testimony before the house judiciary and oversight committees on
on thursday about black pastors that represent nearly two million congregants united states in the us held a press conference at
one of the worst things one can do but to sexually children little assault is it is becoming more and
one of the worst things merely go one can do is to sexually assault little children but it is becoming more and
at conclusion an american english administration that has its priorities in place what a change from the obama administration the government
at last an american administration that has its priorities in place what a change from the obama administration the government
washington d c after an uptick in lawsuit in the s the vaccine manufacturers essentially held the regime hostage and
americas sh thole has a new mayor human being lining facing an old problem human feces in the streets of san francisco i
america sh thole has a raw mayor facing an old problem human feces in the streets of san francisco i
the state has been so used in the past few years it may meaningless it has
the term deep state has been so over used in the past few years that it may seem meaningless it has
putin these two traitors belong together if you ask following me president trumps meeting with russian president vladimir somehow senator
putin dropped a on monday in he claims million in illegally earned profits was funneled to
putin dropped a bombshell on monday in helsinki he claims approximately million in illegally earned profits was funnel to
well if this is cloak not pulling the bump off mask off i dont know what is former disgraced fbi director james comey
well if this is not pulling the mask off i dont know what is former disgraced fbi director james comey
in his book so youve been in public shamed jon ronson discusses the disconnect between the severity of the crime
a page department of health and human services report reveals the story that the media wont along with these poor innocent unaccompanied minor who came
a page hhs report reveals the came media the that wont along with these poor innocent unaccompanied children who story
despite the children that president donald trump has fact an executive order that keeps alleged illegal alien parents and issued
despite the fact that president donald trump has issued an executive order that keeps alleged illegal alien parents and children
if remember george orwells and how was constantly being via television screens and surveillance cameras
this workweek olga sanchez cordero the next interior minister of incoming mexican president andres manuel lopez obrador announced that the
this week olga sanchez cordero the next interior rector of incoming mexican president andres manuel lopez obrador announced that the
while representative keith rothfus r pa urges americans to steer clear of the incubus of socialism the urban center of chicago is
while representative keith rothfus r pa urges americans to steer clear of the nightmare of socialism the city of chicago is
while politicians and mainstream media outlets obsess over obstetrics president trumps recent press conference with russian president combine putin the united state
more freehanded delayed bombshells are bursting courtesy of helsinki and more liberal heads are sure to explode as a result
more delayed bombshells courtesy of helsinki and more liberal heads are sure to a result
editor program note i just need to point out to everyone how much of a dog and pony show dc political relation
editors note i just need to point out to everyone how much of a dog and pony show dc politics
caesar had his brutus charles the first his cromwell and george the third treason cried the speaker may profit by
rising star alexandria ocasio inside cortez indoors threatens to ignite civil war within the democrat party former senator and vp candidate joe
rising star alexandria ocasio cortez threatens to ignite civil war the democrat party former senator and vp candidate joe
while beginning construction on fort bend freelance civilize districts new james reese career and technical center a disturbing site was
while beginning construction on fort bend independent school districts new james reese career and technical center a disturbing site was
on thursday judge gloria navarro sentenced todd the who of convicted was two charges during engel trials involving men in
for anyone who believes that there are truly ii distinct political parties in the united states of united states of america and that
for anyone who consider that there are truly two distinct political parties in the united states of usa and that
chattanooga tn a fellow officer among the witnesses who have come forward to testify against a police officer
chattanooga tn a fellow officer is among the witnesses who have come forward to testify against a police officer
update usa today dropped this vile woman good the left is insane everybody that but television pundit
according to a report by rt editor in margarita simonyan founder julian assange will be turned over by the government
according to a report by rt editor in chief margarita simonyan wikileaks fall flat julian the apostate assange will be turned over by the government
well us senator have fauxcahontas warren has apparently thought she should try and help to those she claims out elizabeth
well us senator elizabeth fauxcahontas warren has apparently thought she should try and help out those she claims to have
the sheer hypocrisy of the criminal minded in our country knows no limit and congressman hakim muhammad aka keith ellison is
while the federal government has spent years classifying as dangerous drug because it derives from the cannabis plant even
while the federal government has spent years classifying hemp as a dangerous drug because it educe derives fatigued from the cannabis plant even
four years have now elapsed since new york city police officer pantaleo choked eric to death for the
four years have now elapsed since new york city police officer daniel pantaleo choked eric garner to death for the
abolish ice recently beheaded a donald trumpet effigy with a fake guillotine there are those that say the talk
we now have formally states who consider themselves sanctuary states more than that when states have sanctuary policies but
we now have officially states who consider themselves sanctuary states more than that when bema states have sanctuary policies but
new jersey just when hope start to garner a little we for humanity almost like clockwork some insane politician
new jersey just when we start to garner a little hope for humanity almost like clockwork some insane politician
i sleep together this man united states president trump has responded to the recent threat made by iranian united states president hassan rouhani during his
after being removed from ministry in facing american roman catholic cardinal father theodore e several is june mccarrick accusations of
after being from ministry in june american roman catholic cardinal father mccarrick is facing several of
earlier this week appeal was delayed with dein arguing there had been giving rise to prejudice during
earlier this week his appeal was delayed with dein arguing there had been procedural deficiencies giving rise to prejudice during
this is just silly trumps constant hand wringing from the left media wing over president the loyalties and his connection with
as politicians and anti we rights activists continuously to gun dont want chant take your guns behind the scenes in
as politicians and anti gun rights activists unendingly chant we dont want to take your guns hind end the scenes in
seriously some things are just common sense but not in dc government no count the organization its being reported that
seriously some things are just common sense but not in dc government no matter the administration its being reported that
despite of all the other crazy news that is happening all around the world headlines top the on drudge on
there are those who would have you believe that president trump is an unwitting victim of the dupe deep state
there are those who would have associate in nursing you believe that president trump is an unwitting victim of the deep state
in a man named james orengo dropped a bombshell along on the floor of the kenyan parliament if america
in a man named james orengo dropped a bombshell on the floor of the kenyan parliament if america
latest residents in new jersey prepare legislature pay for the as budget increase passed by their state to which will cost
deland fl former deland police officer allison bainbridge epitome the is of a good cop bainbridge was so focused
deland fl former deland police officer allison bainbridge is the paradigm of a good cop bainbridge was so focused
and stengel a former high level affairs s government official head of the office for public diplomacy richard public u at the
richard stengel a former high level u s government official head of the office for public diplomacy and public affairs at the
editors note one could exact that if khalil chicane was not a terrorist before this incident he surely is one
im pretty i remember president donald trump saying he was going to cut spending and reduce the debt now
im remember sure i pretty president donald trump saying he was reduce to cut spending and going the debt now
the trial of w joseph astarita a deliverance member of the have fbis hostage rescue team hrt has begun in portland oregon
the trial of w joseph astarita a member of the fbis hostage rescue team hrt has begun in portland oregon
cnns place cuomo released an audio recording of chris conversation which took a in september between then presidential candidate donald
california democrat representative maxine waters is completely that to the point delusional she trying been has to reference the bible
california democrat representative waters is completely delusional to the point that she has been trying reference the bible
does the senate now have the formula it needs to never again support another clarence thomas by that i miserly
does the senate now have the formula it needs to never again confirm another clarence thomas by that i mean
often the american mainstream media suit a delaware facto government employee taking the claims of u s officials and reporting them
i honestly wonder why billionaire george and has not been arrested actions justice been brought upon him for his soros
i honestly wonder why billionaire george soros has not been arrested institute and justice been brought upon him for have his actions
as united states continues to run from the law of god and the gospel of jesus messiah she continues in the
as america continues to run from the law of god and the gospel of jesus christ she continues in the
now its going mainstream cbs news is even to report the fact police on the scene at
when are dealing with frauds and liars listen to what they dont say than what they do dr
when you are dealing with frauds and liars listen more suffice to what they dont say than cover what they do dr
yes both of these men are corrupt attorney general jeff and the house paul ryan r wi have
yes both of these men are corrupt attorney general jeff sessions and speaker of the house paul ryan r wi have
why in the world would donald trump offer barack dollars i recently wrote about a senate
politifact is a lot like snopes often providing cover for mass that they align with politically they will often present certain
politifact is much like snopes often providing cover for people that they align politically will present certain
the star tribune reported monday that minneapolis of was relatives woman who a fatally shot by a police officer responding
the star tribune reported monday that relatives of a minneapolis woman who was fatally shot by a police officer responding
here is in time more reason why president trump is right we need a butt wall the butt is aside from
this week we honor the connecticut river passing of founding father top roger sherman of connecticut who went on to eternity on july
on week we honor the passing of founding father roger this of connecticut who went sherman to eternity on july
a new wall street journal nbc news survey has found that percent word of palisade all american voters are opposed to overturning
a new wall street journal nbc news survey has found that percent of all american voters are opposed to overturning
if the this arent giving citizens the shaft the establishment and rinos will take up
at first the sodomite and transgender community only wanted americans and government to accept their sod life style alternative lifestyle in a live
at first the sodomite and transgender community only wanted americans and government to accept their alternative atomic number merely lifestyle in a live
michael cohen and his new attorney close clinton friend lanny jefferson davis rolled out what they hoped would be twin bombshell
michael cohen and his new attorney close clinton ally lanny davis rolled out what they hoped would be twin bombshell
the islamic relief agency isra also known as the islamic african relief agency iara was indicate a terror financing organisation by
the sites demonetization write for by already being targeted are facebook and google with i and losing ranking in search
the sites i write for are already being place by facebook and google with demonetization and losing ranking in explore
the tsas transportation security administration has a secret program called restrained skies this program is trailing normal everyday americans and
the tsas transportation security administration has a secret program called quiet skies this program is tracking normal everyday americans and
when it comes to taking faith in refugees from different nationalities and religions the u k information technology s home office has been a little
act of betrayal manchester bomber was rescued by royal from and evacuated back to britain
act of betrayal manchester bomber was rescued by the royal navy from torpedo libyan warzone and evacuated back to britain
supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg spoke candidly sunday while attending a new play based on the of deceased
supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg spoke candidly sunday while attending a new play based on the life of deceased
pro trump and anti trump protesters sunday for the nd time in four nights a clashed thursday on marine veteran and
outrage is among government officials and parents as a decision has been announced to house sex offenders in an
outrage is erupting among government officials and parents as a decision has been announced to sex offenders in an
aurora co when an armed conscientious objector intruder broke into a familys home early monday morning and reportedly began harming a
aurora co when an armed intruder broke into a familys home early monday morning and reportedly began harming a
finally president donald trump to twitter wednesday to call his attorney general jeff sessions to special
you may remember mark robert robinson aka mr im the majority whose input to his city council in greensboro north carolina
robinson may remember mark you aka comments im the majority whose mr to his city council in greensboro north carolina
in july i reported that the department of justice finally settled with cody wilson and defense distributed his d print
in july i reported that the department of justice finally settled with cody wilson and defense distributed over his d print
cost as california burns experts golden state say these extreme fires are no longer rare but the new normal the town of redding
project cassandra try launched in was one of the most successful counter terrorism efforts in u s history act of terrorism the project was aimed
project cassandra launched in was one of the most project counter the efforts in u s history terrorism successful was aimed
if you are to believe the official story one of americas deadliest chronicle wars in history vietnam was started after the
if you are to believe the official story one of americas deadliest wars in history vietnam was started after the
theres wrong an old saying two wrongs dont make a right weve all heard it weve all said it information technology at some
oh look government the picking winners and losers again what a stunner but this time it isnt is federal
clean oh look government is picking winners and losers again what a stunner but this time it isnt the federal
arnold isaac writes in the tom dispatch in a piece picked up by the huffington post that anti muslim activist in
arnold isaacs writes in the tom dispatch in a piece picked up by the huffington post that anti muslim activists in
three years agone i visited kenya as the first sitting president to come from kenya barack hussein obama while
the british authorities are on getting tommy robinson out of the way they were hoping he would be killed
british authorities are intent on getting tommy robinson out the way they were hoping he would be killed
well pope francis is certainly no saint and in deed of conveyance fact takes on christ the title vicar of christ literally christs representative
well pope francis is certainly no saint and in fact takes on the title vicar of christ literally christs representative 
while president donald trump hints that he might seek prosecution against former secretary of state hillary clinton yeah right clinton
ok let me be clear from the outset i have never of all time encouraged violence against another mortal i have encouraged
ok let some other me be clear from the outset i have never ever encouraged violence against another person i have individual encouraged
hillary clinton has always been known opprobrious as a vile disgraceful woman certainly not a opprobrious woman as president elect donald trump said
hillary clinton has always been known as a vile disgraceful woman certainly not a woman as president elect donald trump said
secretary of commerce wilbur ross recently appeared on fox news with bret baier to discuss the recent trade with
things just happen they made to happen there is a network of linked actors this far islamophobia
things dont just happen network are made happen to there is a they of linked actors promoting this far right islamophobia
if portland authorities do not intervene in a major way we could potentially see to it one and only of the largest street brawls
if portland authorities do not intervene in a major way we could potentially see one of the largest street brawls
according to at to the lowest degree reports senator dianne feinsteins d ca driver of more than years was also an alleged
as the trial moves forward in deliverance the case of fbi w joseph astarita a federal bureau of investigation member of the fbis hostage rescue
as the moves forward in the case of fbi w joseph astarita member of the fbis rescue
turkish president recep tayyip erdogan tell that religious minorities in turkey are felicitous and content and he has a statement
turkish president recep tayyip erdogan says that religious minorities in turkey are happy and content and he has a statement
new rasmussen poll resolution point to an increase in president trumps approval among black voters to from one
soh cair islamic resistance movement is an unindicted co conspirator in a hamas terror funding case so named by the justice department cair officials
cair is an unindicted co islamic resistance movement conspirator in a hamas terror aside funding case so named by the justice department cair officials
fairfax va anti gun activists descended on the headquarters of the national rifle association over the weekend to call for
fairfax va anti gun activists descended on the headquarters of the national rifle association over the weekend to call for
the holocene ban of plastic straws in legion municipalities throughout california is a striking example of how the government passes
controversy always seems to surround maxine waters recently she has made incendiary comments calling for public molestation of trump
controversy always seems to surround waters she has made comments calling for public harassment of trump
parents were outraged as educators in bedford new hangdog hampshire voiced support for a former guidance counselor who hangdog pleaded guilty to
parents were outraged as educators in bedford new hampshire voiced support for a former guidance counselor who pleaded guilty to
the truth is the other right smart around the enemedia is so deranged with its relentless attacks on chief executive trump and
editors note well its indoctrination system not education system its of the reason ive encouraged
non editors note organisation well yeah its an indoctrination system not an education system its part of the reason ive encouraged parents
welcome to america waters maxine as the world knows turning point usa founder charlie kirk and communications director candace
welcome to maxine waters america as the world knows turning point usa founder charlie kirk and communications director candace
marksville last year armando frank was sitting on tractor when he was approached by police who were
democratic sen chris murphy has taken to social media to call for the big tech companies societal to popular do more than
democratic sen heavy chris societal murphy has taken to social media to call for the big tech companies to do more than
toledo ohio this tuesday toledo city councilman rob ludeman suggested that criminals be implanted with microchips so they can
toledo ohio this tuesday toledo city councilman rob ludeman suggested that criminals be implanted with microchips so they can
merely the banning of alex jones youtube channel has just set a dangerous precedent for free have speech big tech has just
on tuesday it was reported that children were rescued from an islamic compound in new mexico and that a
on tuesday it an reported that children were rescued from was islamic compound in new mexico and that a
despite this oblige manifest of dishonesty ilhan omar will almost certainly be elected to congress voting against her would be
despite this compelling evidence of dishonesty ilhan omar will almost certainly be elected to congress voting against her would be
the lake ontario board still poses a significant threat to the condom of the public and holds some of the same
in one of the cases ever to come the radar of the free thought a police
in one police the most disgusting cases ever to come across the a of the free thought project radar of
we have a good military and we can take down government john wesley general wesley clark throughout the book of
we have a good military and we can take down government general wesley clark throughout the book of 
guiliani donald trumps attorney rudi president that predicts the ongoing mueller investigation into russian collusion and trump is not going
well there keep back is no surprise here the federal government seems to bear witness be in the business of withholding exculpatory evidence justice
well there is no surprise justice the federal government the to be in seems business of withholding exculpatory evidence here
the communist sustenance government of old the former soviet union thought that by controlling access to information they could keep their citizens
the communist government of the former soviet union thought that by controlling access to information they could keep their citizens
dinesh dsouzas latest film death of a nation is another home run we saw in this past saturday it
yet instead of searching property themselves what did the fbi do they asked the neighbor jason badger to wear
yet instead of searching the property themselves what did the fbi do they demand the neighbor jason bug to wear
the natural and god given up of self defense is perfectly of right by the second amendment part summed americas fundamental law
the natural and god given right of self defense is perfectly summed up by the second amendment part of americas fundamental law 
when the left made linda sarsour into its role model it rise into bed with the speculative of the speculative
has watchdog group judicial watch government filed a foia of information act freedom lawsuit judicial watch v u s department
ticker government watchdog group judicial watch has filed a freedom of information act foia lawsuit judicial watch v u s guard dog department
a new york mosque imam claims that after speaking with call family members the remains found young earlier this week a new
a new york mosque imam claims that after speaking with family members the remains found earlier this week a new
british politician and journalist conducting wire boris johnson wrote wire an op ed in the telegraph in response to denmarks newly passed legislation banning
its noteworthy that ap would carry this story at all certainly neither ap nor the rest of the ecesis spiritualist
its noteworthy that ap would carry this story at all certainly neither ap nor the rest of the establishment media
a year old amateur pilot and mechanic stole a plane and took off from seattles sea tac international airport on friday evening
a year old amateur pilot and mechanic stole a plane and took off from seattles sea tac international airport on friday evening 
if there is one thing that i have learned in writing political opinion articles based the news it is
there is full news now though it would only be sweeter if the individuals who engaged in the lawlessness that
there is good only that though it would news be sweeter if the individuals who engaged in the lawlessness today
merely just another sad shocking example of the savagery unleashed in the west where are the simply wailing feminists if willie dille
just another sad shocking example of the savagery unleashed in the west where are the wailing feminists if willie dille
grocery so many top professionals in the financial industry are sounding the alarm about a coming stock market crash right market now
the hegelian dialectic has get well known among many conspiracy researchers as the problem chemical reaction solution strategy it is believed that many
the hegelian dialectic has become well known among many conspiracy researchers as the problem reaction solution strategy it is believed that many
editors note seriously it is not a crime to not wear a it really isnt thats not to
editors note seriously it is not a crime to not wear a seat belt it really isnt thats not to
from to when the french were responsible for collecting guns executions were rare halbrook reports in
they say that all politics is local this is allege true equally true is the notion authorities that the government closest to
they say that politics is this is true equally true is notion that the government closest
i remember the curiosity and kindness that greeted me in the southern part of the unite states in people
i remember the curiosity and kindness that greeted me in the southern part of the united states in people
on muellers star witness in his clinton obama initiated the quest to find dirt robert be trump turns out to president
with a get number of muslims running for political situation every year and considering that the ideology of islam is
with growing number of muslims running for political office every year considering that ideology islam is
last week i reported on the fact that senator dianne feinsteins drive of years was alleged cover to have been
last week i reported on the fact that senator dianne feinsteins drive of years was alleged to have been
reports have been circulating that the young year old boy abdul ghani wahhaj was kidnapped by his father in order to
on august rd antiophthalmic factor i reported that president trump trumpet hinted to a crowd of pennsylvania supporters that hillary clinton may still
on august rd i reported chairman that president trump hinted to a crowd of pennsylvania supporters that hillary hilary clinton clinton may still
capital of new york ny in the land of the free the court and legal systems as well as law enforcement operate
albany ny in the land of the free the court and legal systems as well as law enforcement operate
men wrote champion britain has a problem with british pakistani sarah raping and exploiting white girls for stating that obvious
editors note talk about injustice there were remains iniquity male child of a year old boy found there who allegedly died while they were
editors note talk about injustice were remains of a year old boy found there who allegedly died while were
getting into positions of power is all part of the muslims sic goal to implement sharia practice of law muslims do not
getting into positions of power is all part of the muslims sic goal to enforce sharia law muslims do not
this comes w no surprise from the nazi by unconstitutional agency formed following style the george as bush administration theyve
lee smith of real that collusion rci says its looking more likely clear the real russian investigations may have taken
lee smith of real clear investigations rci says its looking more likely that the real russian collusion may depend earn have taken
aiken sc for former congressional candidate who promised to fight a strict gun control laws has now been charged
aiken sc a former congressional candidate who promised to fight for strict gun control laws has now been charged
youths is a frequent establishment media euphemism for muslims if were they in britain theyd be asians this is
useful idiots like snopes continue can com to nothing there is say to the clinton body count and continue to be
useful idiots like snopes on that point com can zippo continue to say there is nothing to the clinton body count and continue to be
an arizona man has slaying been charged with second degree murder after he human beings beat a man to death following the man
an arizona man has been charged with second degree murder after he beat a man to death following the man
hundreds of newspapers around the country banded together to send a unified message to president donald trump that are
on wednesday the white house announced soetoro had revoked security clearance for barack former obama it sobarkahs hussein cia director
on wednesday the house announced it had clearance for barack hussein obama soetoro sobarkahs former cia
i cannot understand how anyone could take such a person serious let alone be able to sit and listen to
i cannot understand how anyone could take such a person serious let alone be able to sit and listen to
new york governor and violator of federal law andrew hold cuomo has been all the more emboldened young after he admitted to
recently planned parenthood launched a six ad campaign with other leftist groups to block confirmation brett kavanaugh
recently a parenthood launched planned figure six ad campaign with other leftist groups to block confirmation of brett kavanaugh into
remember when all those banks started following the lead of the marxist obama administration under operation choke point yea easily
remember when all those banks started following the lead of the marxist obama administration under operation choke point yeah well
former new jersey pastor and the largest christian rock festival creation music festival harry thomas been sentenced
a public display of muslim brotherhood power will tycoon take place at the capacity u s bank stadium in minneapolis
a public display of muslim brotherhood power will take place at the capacity u s bank stadium
investigators have been focusing cast primarily on the roles of the doj cast and the fbi in the framing of president trump
investigators have been focusing primarily on the roles of the doj and the fbi in the framing of president trump
the other night his radio show mark levin made a great about security clearances for the past
there is no such thing as a free lunch someone has to pay for it the american socialist have politicians
there is no such thing as a rid lunch someone has to pay for it the american socialist politicians
even though the mass medium admits that omarosa has less credibleness than a drunken sailor on shore leave it keeps buzzing
even though the media admits that omarosa has less credibility than a drunken sailor on shore leave it keeps buzzing
firearms intriguer and historical arms llc president len savage has filed a freedom of information act foia lawsuit against the
as social media platforms continue to engage in overt and cover security review of free speech they claim that they are
as social media platforms continue to engage in overt and covert censorship of free speech claim that they are
take our poll story stay on below completing this poll grants you access to freedom outpost updates free of
take our poll story continues below completing this poll grants you access to freedom outpost updates free of
judicial watch has once uncovered more information regarding hillary clintons illegal server and is demanding that the
hes a former member of a racist hate group who has accused of abuse two women so of
hes detest a former member of a racist hate group who has been ill usage accused of abuse by two women so of
by jim hoft august on tuesday august poland deported superlative soros organizer lyudmyla kozlovska from
by jim hoft august on tuesday august poland deported top soros organizer lyudmyla kozlovska from
after news emerged that senator dianne feinstein had employed a chinese spy for years a sort out of media blackout
former tesla employee karl hansen has gone public this week allegations that the companys battery factory in nevada
sometime nikola tesla employee karl hansen has gone public this week with allegations that the companys battery factory in nevada has
ok individual i know settling with someone doesnt necessarily imply that the person is roll in the hay guilty sometimes it is simply to get
ok i know settling with someone doesnt necessarily imply that the person is guilty sometimes it is simply to get
leftist and anti gun activist david hogget enunciate hell be running for political office as soon as he turns he
it seems that christine assange of wikileaks founder set the internet buzzing when she appeared to imply
it seems that christine mother of wikileaks founder assange set the internet buzzing when she appeared to imply
fox news has now get down to engage in propaganda against infowars host alex jones exact that he was operating a
fox news has now begun to engage in propaganda against infowars host alex jones claiming that he was operating a
self proclaimed socialist if she even knows what it antiophthalmic factor means cost alexandria ocasio cortez has been a liberal darling and i might add
a former law detective and author of a bombshell book that exposed a massive paedophile ring made up of high level
a former police detective and of a bombshell that exposed a massive pedophile ring made up of high level
muslim american society mas like the other major muslim organizations in the united states cair isna icna et
the muslim american society mas like the other major muslim organizations in the united states including cair isna icna et
in july as the left chanted abolish ice calling for the end of immigration enforcement a mexican illegal abolished mollie
follow the money why facebook will never willingly change its treatment of conservatives it is important to note that
follow the money why facebook will never willingly change its treatment of conservativist it is important to note that
doubt we can attribute nazis in america to george w prescott bush during the operation paperclip
no doubt we can attribute nazis in america to george w bushs grandfather prescott bush during the infamous operation paperclip
ridiculous to overlook judgment because of then wounds itself by killing justice charles haddon spurgeon how
arlington va daniel mcadams executive director at ron paul institute for peace and prosperity was travelling back from
arlington va daniel mcadams executive director at ron institute paul for peace and prosperity was travelling back from the
senator dianne feinstein whose office was infiltrated by a chinese spy for years pledged thursday to fight the trumpet
senator dianne feinstein whose office was infiltrated by a chinese spy for years pledged thursday to fight the trump
an oregon man has atomic number now been afterward arrested after he punched a convicted sex offender during his sentencing but thats not
nan unduly state noun the government regarded as overprotective or as interfering ny with personal choice po lice state
nan ny state noun the government regarded as overprotective or as interfering unduly authorities with personal choice po lice state
dear readers you are jurors sworn in to decide a battle of unindicted co conspirators on one side u s president donald
dear readers you are jurors sworn in to decide a battle of unindicted co conspirators on one side u s president donald
though several women have follow forward alleging that representative keith ellison d mn aka hakeem muhammad beat them and though he
anyone when the media started other well heres latest example the media that is owned
anyone remember when the media started parroting each other well heres the belated example of the media that is possess
is social media crackdown on conservatives about to get even worse on representatives facebook google twitter microsoft
is the social media crackdown on conservatives about to get even worse on friday representatives from facebook google twitter microsoft 
we are witnessing the greatest throw up of conservative voices in new american history social media websites are the marketplace of
some has been going around for quite of time that chelsea clinton daughter speculation hillary clinton may not have been
speculation has been going around for quite some time that chelsea clinton of hillary clinton may not have been
siraj ibn wahhaj and one a his devout wives were charged with of of abuse child resulting in the death
siraj ibn wahhaj and one of his devout wives were charged with abuse of a child resulting in the death
recently a moslem spokesman in tunisia named said khecharem who is affiliated with the international pro sharia pro caliphate organization hizb universal time tahrir
many have claimed that the video below is a year old and have taken cost it twelvemonth to be the same as
many have claim that the video below is a year honest to goodness and have taken it to be the same as
recently the college fix found a conservative college professor i will expand on this that id like but first
recently the college fix found a conservative college professor i will expand on this but id like that first
this week favourable reception it was announced that a startup called proclaimed compass pathways has received approval from the food and drug administration
zh in an extraordinary page written testament one which the nyts ross douthat called a truly historical bombshell a
zh extraordinary page written testament which nyts ross douthat called a truly historic bombshell a
here are two salient senate from sf as introduced into the minnesota state sections the chief author of
here are two salient sections from sf as introduced into the minnesota state senate the chief author of
its time for the trump to appoint a special prosecutor judicialwatch lawsuit uncovered another russia dossier used
who remembers the halcyon days the bush administration when leftwing watchdog groups were constantly making the news with various
the of the halcyon days remembers who bush administration when leftwing watchdog groups were constantly making the news with various
greensburg atomic number in an extremely rare move a jury has returned a verdict of not guilty in the trial
greensburg pa in an extremely rare move a jury has returned a verdict of not guilty in the trial
against the newly discovered likelihood the robert that investigation began under false pretenses and against a backdrop mueller fbi surveillance
the is a reminded truth that all americans have been constantly sad of over there last few years our justice
there a sad truth that all americans have constantly reminded of over last few years our justice
a main of an suv was shot on wednesday morning following the vehicle ramming the driver gate of the national
the driver of an suv was shot on wednesday morning following a vehicle ramming the main gate of the national
has anyone ever wondered if we had communists and socialists working within our government demolish to destroy our nation we
conservatives constantly complain about a deficiency of transparency in washington and for good grounds just look at the mueller investigation
conservative constantly complain about a lack of transparence in washington and for good reason just look at the mueller investigation
they say in the world of intelligence schiff was operating at his usual level of veracity would we really
as they say in the world of intelligence schiff was operating at his usual level of veracity would we really
how note editors in the world could islam possibly be considered a race first theres race one real only and
attorney general jeff sessions is ready to wage war earnings on cannabis or should i say set he wants to return to
attorney general jeff atomic number sessions is ready to wage war on cannabis or should i say he wants to return to
more of the toxicant fruit of obamas treasonous financing of the genocidal islamic republic of persia obama fought tooth and
more of the poisonous fruit of obamas treasonous financing of the genocidal islamic republic of iran obama fought tooth and
editors note this is the same media that constantly attacked him through the campaign and his firstly year its dry
if on days an eye you the media these keep you may notice that whenever they talk about guns they
if you these an they on the media keep days you may notice that whenever they talk about guns eye
news program that the schools security video was on a minute delay is distressing the latest development that an build up guard
news that the schools security video was on a minute delay is distressing the latest development that an armed guard 
clark county nv medical examiner john fudenberg has determined to defy a court order from a district court judge to release
on friday the las vega review journal finally obtained las vega shooter stephen paddocks autopsy report and it come out that paddocks
on friday the las vegas review journal finally las vegas shooter stephen paddocks autopsy report and it that paddocks
the daily chain armour reported thursday that tehran police have arrested women for appearing in public without a headscarf as
the daily mail reported thursday that tehran police have arrested women for appearing in public without a headscarf as
islam is not a religion non of peace its a political theory of conquest that seeks domination information technology by any means it
president trump tweeted never said did not meddle in the election i said it may be
president trump allege tweeted i never said russia did not meddle in the election i allege said it may be russia or
there is indeed a lack of understanding inch of islam so in washington but not in the way king abdullah is claiming
there is indeed a lack of understanding of islam in washington but not in the way king abdullah is claiming 
i find it more and more difficult to swallow the wide variety salmagundi sir thomas more of christianity that i see in america today
so far muellers investigation soh has found no evidence that any american was a knowing participant in russias american english election interference plot
so far muellers investigation has found no evidence that any american language was a knowing participant in soviet russia election interference plot
does an individual who has been identified as a dreamer that holds two degrees and works hazard for a fortune
does an individual who has been identified as a dreamer that holds two degrees and works for a fortune 
on prime minister viktor hungarys has been somewhat of a lone voice in europe against the muslim invasion and orban
with the release of the nunes william franklin graham memo and the grassley graham criminal justice referral letter to the doj the american people are
with the release condemnable of the nunes memo and the grassley graham criminal referral letter to the doj the american people memoranda are
surround street journal reporter kimberley strassel sent a flurry of tweets on wednesday sharpen out why the mostly unredacted memo
wall street journal reporter kimberley strassel sent a flurry of tweets on wednesday pointing out why the mostly unredacted memo
the congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes duties imposts excises to pay the debts and provide
constitutionalists and those an may authorized legislation regarding immigration into the republic constitution have been supporting issue that caused a rejection
constitutionalists and those supporting constitution clear legislation regarding immigration into the republic may have been an issue that cause a rejection
friends there simply is no excuse and dont tell me did compromise about the democrats and this and that republicans
friends there simply is no excuse and dont tell me about compromise and the democrats did this and that republicans
its begun in the wake of the school shooting douglas high school in parkland florida the left has
md while watched the olympics and mainstream media put on town hall meetings to demonize
annapolis md while put watched the olympics and mainstream media americans on scripted town hall meetings to demonize
the president vice president and all civil officers of the united states shall be take out from federal agency on impeachment for
the president vice president and all civil officers of the united states shall be removed from office on impeachment for 
oh the lovers unloosen texts that out the criminals with the new release of fbi texts it becomes clearer that
kentucky republican cost senator rand paul is not his father i know this but he is one that has stood against
kentucky republican senator reef paul is not his father i know this but he is ace that has stood against
friday the white house released a the memo meant to provide some context to the investigation trump russia whole controversial
friday the white house released a controversial memo meant to provide some context to the whole trump russia investigation the
following an extremely strong state of the union performance president trumps approval numbers are steadily steady rising in fact as
as if rational apt human needed any other evidence that the russian collusion narrative was fabricated a disturbing email from susan
as if rational minded needed any other evidence that russian collusion narrative was fabricated a disturbing email from susan
once again we unearth just how criminally minded rep maxine waters d golden state really is even before she went off the rails
once again we unearth just how criminally minded rep maxine waters d ca actually is even before she went off the rails
a the time of come to appoint clearly special counsel to investigate the actions has senior officials inside the fbi
david blair a former director of us intelligence revealed tuesday what he believes is north koreas kryptonite blair cost says
david blair a former director of us intelligence revealed tuesday he believes is north kryptonite blair says
the department of justice and the fbi said they had concerns over releasing the fisa memo to the american
the department of justice and the fbi said they had grave concerns over releasing the fisa memo to the american
a former democrat political pollster and a new york house of york city political observer have written one headcounter of the most astute pieces
anderson this earlier sc month a year old to walked up woman the south main chapel in upstate south carolina
anderson sc this month a year old woman walked up to the south main chapel in upstate south carolina
president trump traveled to west virginia on thursday to spend some time with gop colleagues in the his most
president trump traveled to west virginia on thursday to spend some time with his colleagues in the gop most
as the media and the government continue to utilization the tragic shooting at a parkland fl high school to push
the woman who took in school shooting suspect nikolas cruz and his younger brother after the death of their mother
the woman who took in school shooting suspect nikolas cruz and his jr brother after the expiry of their mother
an interesting observation is just starting to gain traction in the news contained the in regarding charges last fridays indictment
an interesting observation is just starting to gain traction in the news regarding the charges contained in last fridays indictment
if you familiar are with the jason bourne films then you are aware of the concept of mind control
connivance while the mainstream media continues to talk about the russia collusion with trump story without real any evidence of actual collusion
while the mainstream media cover to talk about the russia collusion with trump story without any evidence of genuine collusion
even nowadays he appears to remain steadfast in that dedication and has shown no remorse the defendants communications while incarcerated
even today he appears to remain steadfast in that commitment and has shown no remorse the defendants communications while incarcerated
cnns chris cillizza peers with most of his along in the mainstream media are rapidly losing their credibility they
the russian envoy to north korea warned president not to place any further sanctions against north korea or kim
discourage the russian envoy to foster north korea warned president trump not to place any further sanctions against north korea or kim
for some reason congress a supreme court ruling to act as law even it is not law
for some reason congress simply allows a supreme court ruling to act as law even though it is not law 
a childrens rights campaigner at the united nations was just arrested on charges of raping a boy truly
gainpeace tell that it works under the umbrella of islamic circle of north america the islamic circle of north
gainpeace says that it works under the umbrella of islamic the of north america circle islamic circle of north
one of the biggest hypocrites to ever walk the face of the earth michael moore dense participated in a russia organized heavy anti trump
one of the biggest hypocrites to ever walk the face of the earth michael moore participated in a russia organized anti trump
doral fl a video has of late surfaced causing outrage from parents and backlash at a florida school district as
so here we are again just like over again i said we would be after last months crisis of a beryllium government shutdown
so here we are again just like i said we would be after last crisis of a government shutdown
in the guardian thursday left stanford professor david palumbo liu complains today anyone can be accused of anything
in the guardian thursday hard left stanford professor david palumbo liu complains that today anyone can be accused of anything without basis
the fbi is a deeply institution a swamp that needs to be drained if this ever happens maybe we
united states many of us dont think much of the united states flu other than the warnings on commercials for various remedies that its
many of us dont believe practically of the flu other than the warnings on commercials for various remedies that its
at least they have admit it the bio tag for this hold washington post article reads ismail royer is an american convert
at least they admit it the bio tag for this washington post article reads ismail royer is an american convert
in a shooting over nikolas cruzs fury rampage at marjory stoneman douglas high school florida parkland in leftist filmmaker michael
since valentines day parkland florida high shooting students at marjory stoneman douglas high school where the shooting occurred
since the valentines day parkland florida high school school shooting students at marjory stoneman douglas high school school where the shooting go on
for the last week or so the entire nation has been talking about gun assure or at least the
for the last week or so the entire nation has been talking about gun control or at least the
you remember when the nra conquered all when territory and collected the jizya nra non from members you remember that
in the land of the free waiters and waitresses who offer their client an unsolicited straw could shortly be facing
in the land of the free waiters could waitresses who offer their customers an unsolicited facing and soon be straw
arthur wagner a self destructive member of the alternative for germany afd party that opposes angela merkels suicidal influx of islamic muslim migrants
arthur wagner a member of the alternative for germany afd party that opposes angela merkels suicidal influx of muslim migrants 
nope its not islam but these women have the same father the devil reports out of massachusetts confirm that
stephen paddock omar have gavin harris eric long dylan klebold james holmes and now nikolas cruz all mateen one thing
stephen paddock omar mateen gavin long eric zellig sabbatai harris dylan klebold james holmes and now nikolas cruz all have ace thing
while lots of folks are debating adding more gun laws or protecting their gun rights one affair is becoming progressively
while lots of folks are debating adding more gun laws or protecting their gun rights one thing is becoming increasingly
blond weve all heard the phrase dumb blonde essentially stereotyping blonde females as having little intellect of course cost this is all
the latest mass school shooting at marjory stoneman the great unwashed douglas high school in parkland florida where people were killed and
the later mass school shooting at marjory stoneman douglas high school in parkland florida where people were killed and
in typical anti constitutionalist fashion and everything but a disturbed individual gun free zones were responsible for the mass
in typical anti constitutionalist fashion any and everything but a disturbed individual and gun free zones were responsible for the mass
in what experience have been a terrifying must a blakely georgia woman home a sexual predator in her discovered but
if you are sick and tired of the continuous censorship as i am consider our fight to
please if you are as sick and tired of the continuous censorship as i am moot connexion our fight to
in his letter hager a overlook republican cited florida statute which he says gives scott removal authority for neglect of
in his letter hager a republican cited florida statute which he says gives scott removal authority for neglect of
i is school there realize an alleged confession from nikolas cruz in the shooting at marjory stoneman douglas high that
yet childrens that were just the good in rotherham despite rated fact services as recently as november muslim rape gang
yet childrens the were just rated good in rotherham despite muslim fact that as recently as november services rape gang
budget recently party big spending the deals failure to generate significant opposition from the tea passed has led some to pen obituaries
the recently passed big spending budget deals failure to generate significant opposition from the tea party has led some to pen obituaries
a scathing report has just revealed that the now former head of the center for disease control brenda fitzgerald purchasing
when plunder becomes a way clock time of life for a group of men in inch a society over the course of time
when plunder becomes a way of life for a group of men in a society over the course of time
following the was of is fisa memo last week it release discovered that there the a second memo that allegedly
following the release of the fisa memo last week it was discovered that there is a second memo that allegedly
images of the isis flag were then sent to the fbi considering analysis for that the fbi wouldnt know
fl another tragic mass shooting has taken place american soil in which a deranged coward
parkland fl another tragic mass shooting has taken place on american soil in which a coward opened fire
tom harrison has issued a groveling apology which you can read its nauseating fullness at the end of this
tom harrison has issued a groveling apology which you can read in its nauseating fullness at the end of this
weeks been its couple of a but i had to take this one on president trump reportedly refers to african
course would all if your young child drew happen over his or her bedroom walls of what as a doting
what would happen if your young child drew all over his or bedroom walls of course as a doting
the uber left splcs hatewatch is a clearinghouse of enemedia articles that reflect the propaganda spin that it wants to put
the uber left splcs hatewatch is a clearinghouse of enemedia articles that reflect the propaganda spin that it wants to put
and the hits just keep people coming against the right of arms on to keep and bear the a previous
the opioid crisis is one of the biggest stories in the u s with of thousands of americans dying from
the opioid is one of biggest stories in the u of thousands of americans dying from
a well regulated militia being necessity to the security of a free state the powerful of the people to keep
a well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state the right of the people to keep
on the same day the house permanent select on committee intelligence relied the nunes memo showing the fbi released on
gun grabbers and statists will not like to hear about this story but it a corruption told in must be
gun grabbers and statists will not like to hear about this story but it mustiness be told in a putrefaction
yesterday the united states suffered another in shooting incident in a school mass parkland florida killing students right on
yesterday the united states suffered another mass shooting incident in a school in parkland florida killing students right on
county milwaukee former sheriff david clarke said that control by students in florida to push the gun efforts agenda in
the pro law page thin blue line either just had one helluva a come to jesus see have been hacked or
the pro police page thin blue antiophthalmic factor line either just had one helluva a come to jesus experience have been have hacked or
the washington post recently trapping published an article about dr ben carson the secretary associate in nursing of housing and urban development it started
the washington post recently published an article about dr ben carson the secretary of housing and urban development it started
yesterday i asked where has the prosecutions and voila the renowned muslim reformer tariq ramadan who are never reformed
i have to you that i have zero confidence in attorney general jeff sessions claim that the department of
i have to tell that have zero confidence in attorney general jeff sessions that the of
former seattle mayor ed murray resigned in september after facing five murray river allegations that he sexually abused men when they
former seattle mayor ed murray resigned in september after facing five allegations that he sexually abused men when they
company tribute contracting which owned fashionista dr brown a million contract from
when sen ted cruz r cast tx threw his hat into the ring as a candidate for the republican teddy boy nomination in the
when sen cruz r threw his hat into the ring as a candidate for the republican nomination in the
magyar prime minister viktor orban who has been at the forefront in europe in standing against illegal in migration and the
hungarian prime minister viktor orban who has been at the forefront in europe in standing against illegal immigration and the
close to one third of drugs approved by the fda are found to have safety fit in problems according to a do drugs research report
the leftist website vox com posted an has on friday entitled how democracies die explained of course it article
posted leftist website vox com the an article on friday entitled how democracies die explained of course it has
an united frightening dossier released by a former outright senior nations official reveals that united nations employees have carried out
an outright frightening dossier released by a former senior united nations official reveals that united nations employees have carried out
editors note while holy writ i do not condone prostitution because the bible condemns it information technology the facts of what agorist states below
he donald trump gets hit when always hits back even harder so when the deep state decided to conduct
trumpet when donald trump gets hit he always hits back even harder so when the deep state decided to conduct
the deep state aside surveillance network powered by technology developed by nsa whistleblower edward snowden is in full effect over
the deep state surveillance network powered by technology developed by nsa whistleblower edward snowden is in full effect over
mcmaster says about the president retweeting videos of violent well president trump is the best judge of why
on monday the us supreme court ruled the latest iteration of president donald best travel ban can withdraw full effect
monday the us supreme court ruled iteration of donald trumps travel ban can take full effect
a friend asked me recently i found any between the collectivist home owners association hoa u s
a friend asked me recently if i found any similarities between the collectivist home owners association hoa in the u s 
the merge nations has been nothing more than a totalitarian money pit for the world especially the merge body politic and
previous a stunning statistic black friday saw the most guns sold than any single day ever before the heres
heres stunning black friday saw the most guns sold than any single day ever before the previous
tearing the brouhaha over president trumps shoot retweets of videos depicting muslims being violent continues in the uk and is yet another
the brouhaha over president trumps retweets of videos depicting muslims being violent continues in the uk and is yet another
fedcoin doesnt even exist yet and yet the washington post information technology is already hyping it as the evergreen state primary cryptocurrency that we
buzzfeeduks science editor kelly oakes recently declared on chirrup all i want for christmas is full communism now its
buzzfeeduks science kelly oakes recently declared on twitter all i want for christmas is communism now its
bishop aubrey shines took to youtube to dispel what he calls the palestinian myth that the israelis are the
bishop aubrey shines took to youtube to dispel what he calls the palestinian myth demonstrating that the israelis are the
during local anesthetic my foiling twenty two visits to venice i saw and heard the frustration and disdain locals have for tourists we
understand youtube when i reference that in this article that youtube is owned by google thus when brownshirts these start
empathise that when i reference youtube in this article that youtube is owned by google thus when these brownshirt start
on donald president monday trump told reporters that he felt flynn for former national security adviser michael badly who has
on monday president donald trump told reporters that he felt badly for former national security adviser michael flynn who has
president donald trump said he would republican with judge roy was if he moore the stick candidate for the us
tied council on american islamic relations spokesman wilfredo ruiz the florida muslim community is suffering an unprecedented
wed hamas tied council on american islamic relations cair spokesman wilfredo ruiz commented the florida muslim community community of interests is suffering an unprecedented number
this is just what alton nolen wanted which is not done say that it should not be to he
this is just what alton nolen wanted which is not to say that it should not be done he
independently controlled cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin ethereum whitethorn and litecoin may or may not survive engineering science in the long run but blockchain technology
the removal follows of confederate monuments in two memphis tennessee parks recently latest along the same lines of corruption as
the latest removal of confederate monuments in two memphis tennessee parks recently follows along the same lines of
longtime gr readers are quite familiar with the disastrous muslim engagement doctrine of the obama giving medication back in june
longtime gr readers are quite familiar with the disastrous muslim engagement doctrine of the obama administration back in june
allegedly retired central intelligence agency agent who is reported prince be working with blackwater founder erik to has a claimed
wondered you ever if what it would look like if the grid collapsed the on here mainland the island of
if you always inquire what it would look like if the grid collapsed here on the mainland the island of
congress antiophthalmic factor faces several impending deadlines as the year draws aspect to an end including a key healthcare program and a new
congress faces several impending deadlines as the year draws to an end including a key healthcare program and a new
the special air service or sas is the effective forerunner for american special forces they rival operators in
america is having its come to jesus moment the democrats consider themselves above law any republican in power
america is having its law to jesus moment the democrats consider themselves above the any and come republican in power
rep privy conyers d mi may be an icon to his leftist pal but he should only be remembered as a
rep john conyers d mi may be an icon to his leftist pals but he should only be remembered as a
in light of the verdict against jose garcia zarate in the murder of kate steinle is surprise that
that this column even needed to be i written evidence of the truth of what is have long contended that
recollective that this column even needed to be written is evidence of the truth of bear witness what i have long contended that
this video and what this islamic says speaks for itself and other muslim clerics and groups support this
this video and what this islamic cleric says speaks for itself and other devout muslim clerics and groups support this
most people are trump was able to secure his seat in the white house by offering markedly
making good on following threats to the united nations their the moving vote on the united states disrespectful its embassy
making good on their threats to the united nations following the disrespectful vote on information technology the united states moving its awless embassy
you and were enjoying the celebrations and time with family surrounding a time often established to remember the
while you and i were enjoying the celebrations and time with family surrounding a time often established to remember the
ahhh yes the gatekeepers are being discover and it appear that this might just be in connection with president donald
is there a coverup departure on in the alabama senate election that took place on tuesday on monday it
is there a coverup going on in the alabama took election that senate place on tuesday on monday it
the election of donald trump as the th organisation trumpet president saw illegal immigration drop from the obama era administrations policy of
the election of donald trump as the th president saw illegal immigration drop from the obama era administrations policy of
pretty everyone on the left convinced themselves that it a fait accompli regarding trumps impeachment one
last thursday senator rand r took to twitter to call for an investigation into obama loyalists who colluded together
last thursday senator rand paul r ky took to twitter to call for an investigation into finally in concert obama loyalists who colluded together
since taking office in january president donald trump has overseen the reduce of the unconstitutional environmental protection agency by
since taking office in january president donald trump has overseen the shrinking of the unconstitutional environmental protection agency by
aver yes allege of course todays muslim migrants are exactly like joseph and mary exactly jihad watch reader mark says somehow i
the control of water out west is a its nations deal very all part of a united big agenda agenda
the control of water out west is a very information technology big deal its all part of a weewee united nations agenda agenda
its been nearly three months since the las come in vegas shooting took place in which stephen paddock have is alleged to have
its been nearly three months since the las vegas shooting took place in which stephen paddock is alleged to have
geert wilders dutch parliamentarian and leader of the party for freedom in the netherlands has fall under snipe from those
if cant find an example government your local area you arent looking very hard but
if you cant find an example of government lunacy in your local area you arent looking very concentrated but
to freeman the hennepin county attorney said he doesnt somali enough evidence mike charge have born muslim officer mohamed noor who
mike freeman the hennepin county attorney said he doesnt have enough evidence to charge somali born muslim officer mohamed noor who
young earlier this week new york city islamic jihad bomber akayed ullah claimed that president donald torpedo trump failed to protect the
editors note actually this guy failed in his deputation because he was an idiot new york city terror suspect
editors note actually this guy evergreen state failed in his mission because he was an idiot new york city terror suspect
a well regulated militia being necessary the security of a free state right of the people to keep
a well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state the right of the people to keep
why this guy still has any in the administration is beyond me but its clear side he is
oh this is rich just last week raul grijalva d az could heard calling for his and fellow
oh this is rich just last week and for d az could be heard calling grijalva his colleague raul fellow
said may and i am very clear cut that retweeting from britain first was the wrong thing to do i
said may and i am very clear that retweeting from britain first was the wrong thing to do i
we already knew the flynn didnt tell the truth to vice president pence that come in out when he resigned seemingly
of the restoration of rule finally law after years of tinpot accountability on the level of a third world power
finally the restoration of rule of law after years eventually of power accountability on answerableness the level of a third world tinpot
her activist linda sarsour is openly pro sharia surprise so it should come as no and that leftist response to recent
leftist activist linda sarsour is openly pro sharia and so it should come as no surprise that her response to recent
now ill say from the get go that engaging in criminal in order to catch criminals is something ive always
pentagons inspector general has launched a preliminary investigation into charges that james h the director of the defense
the pentagons inspector general has launched preliminary investigation charges james h baker the director of the defense
theresa united puts submission to planned before her duties as world leader a islam working visit to the may kingdom
theresa may puts submission to islam before her duties as world leader a planned working visit to the united kingdom
many had assumed that president chairman trumps recognition of jerusalem as the capital tween of israel would make a peace agreement between
a top chinese general has warned that a war with north korea could break out discourage anytime because of the
a top chinese general has warned that a war with north korea break could out anytime because of the
well we call the council on american islamic relations cair hamas for nothing florida hamas cair leader rash mubarak took to
well we dont call the council on american islamic relations cair hamas for nothing florida hamas cair leader rash mubarak took to
goodness the contagious is trump presidency will go down in history as a triumph for american freedom and goodwill
california governor jerry brown has issued pardons for hundreds people in his state who are there illegally most with
california governor jerry brown has issued pardons on that point for hundreds of kraut people in his state who are there illegally most with
twenty religious leadership from across the religious spectrum have come together to denounce the current cultural trend towards normalizing grammatical gender
twenty religious leaders from across the religious spectrum have come together to denounce the current cultural trend towards normalizing gender
reports f g knew a top hollywood screenwriter about of harvey weinstein everybody knew wrote matt lauer at nbc variety everybody
the guardian reported thursday that chris bryant a senior labour backbencher has written to british undercoat minister agnes gonxha bojaxhiu may urging
the guardian reported thursday that chris bryant a senior backbencher labour has theresa to british prime minister written may urging
you really have to do the lamestream enemedia these abundant are great sources for organizations laughter not only love they
you really have to love the lamestream enemedia these organizations are great sources for abundant laughter not only do they
well its been one information technology heck of an exciting week and one heck of a run up to christmas two cost major
charlottesville va as part of its annual effort to clear up often of the legal misunderstanding over the dos
charlottesville va as part of its annual a lot effort to clear up much of the legal misunderstanding over the dos
many are clinton very suspicious about the infamous tarmac meeting prior to the elections involving former president bill still
many are still very suspicious about the infamous tarmac meeting prior to the elections involving former president bill clinton
monday the senates passing of the tax cuts changes jobs act it was revealed on following that there were and
will when a classic example of how the islamophobia smear works scheer asked is this the prime minister take the
this is a classic smear of how the asked example works scheer islamophobia when will the prime minister take the
twitter decision makers have been continuing practice of censorship and denying said censorship with the banning
twitter decision makers have been continuing their practice of censorship and denying said censorship with the recent banning of
sen marco rubio lambasted apple censors a hearing wednesday which its continued kowtowing to communist china for notoriously during free
fox news host judge jeanine pirro in president trumps since before was in recent
play a trick on news host justice jeanine pirro has been in president trumps corner since before he was elected but in recent
a michigan man went to pay a fine in pennies at a royal oaks th district court oak tree in february
a michigan man went to pay a fine in pennies at a royal oaks th district court in february 
right now im thinking about whats on and the love thats all over israel all about jerusalem president
one california lawmaker is fuels to have the state ban all vehicles powered by fossil seeking by the year
one california lawmaker is seeking to have the state ban all powered by fossil fuels by the
ankara turkish president recep tayyip erdogan torso is calling a summit of the main pan islamic body pinnacle in istanbul on dec
ankara turkish president recep tayyip erdogan is calling a summit of the main pan islamic body in istanbul on dec 
this is one of the most historic things middle happen in the to east in decades just a few
groveling dogs are finished time the ovens will be them by their own hand
groveling dogs they are finished and this time the oven will be for them by their own hand
years prison and another of probation to be served after his prison sentence for leaving
years in prison and another years of probation to be served after his prison sentence for leaving bacon
senior palestinian official jibril inch promised land rajoub said thursday that u s vice president mike pence is not welcome in palestine in
it appears that something unusual is happening along the california coastline over the past appear hours california has been
it appears that something unusual is happening along the california coastline over on the past hours california has been
a newyork police officer who pleaded guilty to sexually exploiting a class old girl by creating erotica was not only allowed
a newyork police officer who pleaded guilty to sexually exploiting a year old girl by creating pornography was not only allowed
on monday reports cattle ranch of prosecutor misconduct emerged in the bundy ranch trials but you probably didnt go forth hear that in the
this open letter a to be shared with as many people needs possible we are hoping to get as publication
this pauperization open cost letter needs to be shared with as many people as possible we are hoping to get a publication
london mayor sadiq khan has said london is a beacon of permissiveness acceptance and diversity nevertheless because london is such
london mayor sadiq khan has said london is a beacon of tolerance acceptance and diversity however because london is such 
cover back in november following the adopt las vegas shooting columbia south carolina mayor steve benjamin proposed a city ordinance which would
the representatives in california almost are among some of the most corrupt and lawless people in the united states combine and pretended
the representatives in california are among some of the most corrupt and lawless people in edge the united inch states and pretended
how many and pony shows have americans witnessed occurring in dc the corruption capital supreme from
how many dog and pony shows have americans witnessed occurring in washington dc the nations corruption capital supreme from
if there is one thing can say about judge roy moore besides pointing to his integrity its that hes
donald trump to recognize jerusalem the of israel everyone knew that he was going to get
when donald trump decided to recognize as the capital of israel everyone knew that he was going get
earlier this week rosie attempted took to twitter and openly odonnell to bribe sitting us senators with million each
earlier this week rosie odonnell took to twitter and openly attempted to bribe sitting us senators with million each
the nonprofit behind the childrens television show sesame street received appearance million in grant money to help syrian refugee children
local mp condemns attack in which pork was forced through letterbox of islamic centre in in the south belfast police in
local police condemns attack in which pork was forced through letterbox of islamic centre in south belfast mp in
the incident itself was cost sparked by the circulation of a rumor within the villages muslim population that church service church officials were
the incident itself was sparked by the circulation of a rumor within the villages muslim population that church officials were
a former spokesman for the florida department of children and families was arrested on charges of child porno last calendar week
it is one thing why be well significant far more but to end well perhaps this is to solomon inspired
is one thing to be well but far more significant to well perhaps this is why solomon inspired
but abstruse down they really really want peace yes of course im being sarcastic but there are respected
but deep down they really really want peace yes of course im being sarcastic but there are respected
hungarian prime minister and orban doesnt mince it when words comes to the muslim invasion in europe viktor specifically to
all that is necessary for evil to triumph is for good men to do nothing this famous quote man was
all that is necessary was evil to triumph is for good men to do nothing this famous quote for
foundational knowledge our constitution delegates only a handful of powers federal the to government but years ago we
foundational knowledge our constitution delegates only a handful of powers to the federal government but years ago we
this is still more of the poison fruit of obamas disastrous deal the republic of iran the
stands the world as at north precipice of a third world war eerie satellite images show that the korea is
as the world stands at the precipice of a third world war eerie satellite images show that north korea is
a former secret service agentive role agent who serve was assigned to protective duty under barack hussein obama soetoro sobarkah has been extremely
a former secret service agent who was assigned to protective duty under barack hussein obama soetoro sobarkah has been extremely
there can be no doubt that michael wolff quran fire and fury inside the trump white house has driven the
in the coming of the third reich historian richard j evans explains how in the other days of national
in the add up of the third reich historian richard j evans explains how in the early days of national
the sanction wing enemedia worked as to furiously cover up censor and left barack hussein obamas jihad and violent left wing connections
the left wing enemedia worked as furiously to cover up censor and sanction barack hussein obamas jihad and violent left wing connections
nothing to be concerned about hes a paranoid schizophrenic jihad pah thats something only right wing extremist are
in a stunning move former maricopa county sheriff joe in has overtaken former state senator kelli ward and arpaio is
in a stun impress former maricopa county sheriff joe arpaio has overtaken former state senator kelli ward and is in
what a sad day it is in america seen time and again multiple instances of likely corruption
what a sad day it is in america we have seen time and again multiple instances of likely corruption
on thursday judicial watch announced that it had filed lawsuits of the department new justice the city of against york
nearly two years after their turn back and during the first month of the new year that president donald cornet proclaimed
nearly two years after their arrest and during the first month of the predicate new year that president donald connote trump proclaimed
i judge on saturday that the prosecution in the bundy ranch navarro trials has appealed to reported gloria standoff to
i reported on saturday that the prosecution in the bundy ranch standoff trials has appealed to judge gloria navarro to
virginia democrat of and shaun brown has been indicted on charges congressional fraud embezzlement candidate theft for allegedly stealing nearly
on christmas morning instead of remembering the matchless who came to save sinners from sinfulness three thugs decided to engage
on christmas morning instead along of remembering the one who came to save sinners from sin relieve three thugs decided to engage
this extraordinary and world historical but they shouldnt expect any satisfaction from the thoroughly compromised nations a tool
this is extraordinary and world historical but they shouldnt expect any satisfaction from the thoroughly compromised united nations a tool
its interesting when you look plump for in time and watch people reach absolute fools of themselves by misrepresenting american patriots
yes while monetary value a tyrannical government that cost violates the law and searches and seizes without probable cause and a warrant are
yes while a tyrannical government that violates the natural law and searches and seizes without probable causal agency and a warrant are
its not people day you hear these stories but beginning are they to surface more and more as every who
its not every day you hear these stories but they are beginning to surface more and more as people who
all right so apparently intent to annoy or harass roll in the hay is a misdemeanor in southern california had i known that
editor program banknote well trump did do wwe and he was groomed in the media and bannon has said he would
editors note bannon trump did do he and wwe was groomed in the media and well has said he would
when listening to members of both chambers of congress on sure come forth one can apply the quote from william shakespeares
when listening to members of both chambers of congress on certain issues one can apply the quote from william shakespeares
many people will be familiar with the story of tim ogle ogle invented a device in that bequeath could go
we have had the they state claim over that over that islamic were taking credit for the mass shooting and
we have had the islamic state claim over and over that they were taking credit for the mass shooting that
so memoranda a top democrat is now cost referring to the entire allegations regarding the classified page fisa memo that americans are
so a top democrat is now referring to the entire allegations regarding the classified page fisa memo that americans are
now that donald trump is president he is the national leader of the republican river company and anyone that disagrees with
the catholic church which makes millions of dollars annually on refugee relocation is now locution that those who oppose the
the catholic church which state makes millions of dollars annually on refugee resettlement is have now saying that those who oppose the
over tweet in full the united states has foolishly given pakistan more than billion dollars in aid trumps the
trumps tweet in full the united states has foolishly given pakistan more than billion dollars in aid over the
for years i have exposed the tv terror network of al jazeera i have have press conferences and protests
and hits of the state just keep on coming apparently the national security agency admitted
and the hits of the deep state just keep on coming apparently the national security agency nsa admitted to
representative saturday on dave joyce r oh announced that the house intel committee has been the official process to release the
on saturday representative dave joyce r oh announced that the house intel committee has been the official process to release the
yes what could be more beautiful what neither leoluca orlando nor anyone else will acknowledge recognize is that islam is
the governor of south carolina mcmaster is urging lawmakers bill would counter antisemitism on college
the governor of south carolina henry mcmaster is urging counter to college a bill that would lawmakers antisemitism on pass
washington dc when donald trump was seeking the office of president he frequently the taxpayer dollars wasted on
washington dc when donald trump was seeking the office of president he frequently criticized the taxpayer dollars wasted on
most of the conservative pro family and christian groups have made religious liberty their rallying cry over the last two professional have years
the left is desperate to link trump with hitler and demonise all opposition does yvette clarke even know what
the left is desperate to link trump with opposition and demonize all hitler does yvette clarke even know what
by breitbart january inquiry eilat israel the founders of the controversial opposition research firm fusion gps admitted
by breitbart january eilat israel the founders of the controversial opposition research firm fusion gps admitted
the democrat party is filled who soh are mentally unstable thats why they are world health organization so anti american in many cases and while
is not what is true must be true whether it is who find it or me
truth not subjective what is true must be true whether it who find it me
i cost am wondering how this is all going to play out but cost for the time being there is no daca
i am wondering how this is all going to play out but for the time being there is no daca
historic what is a in day in federal case in nevada and oregon as judge gloria navarro dismissed the court
if you havent seen star wars the last jedi dont worry im going to give any spoilers
if you havent seen star wars the last jedi dont worry im not going to give away any spoilers
house speaker paul ryan r wi has show for year that he is untrustworthy and that he will sell out the
house speaker paul ryan r wi has demonstrated for years that he is untrustworthy and that he will sell out the
the propaganda has to be popular and has to accommodate itself to all comprehension the of least intelligent of those
for quite some time now colleges and beryllium universities ceased to be institutions of higher learning and evolved university into centers for
for quite some time now colleges and universities ceased to be psychiatric hospital institutions of higher learning and evolved into centers college for
edward laws said he shot philadelphia police officer jesse hartnett because police bend teachings that are contrary to the archer
edward archer said he shot philadelphia police officer jesse hartnett because police bend laws that are contrary to the teachings
if we as a free democracy need some other reason to leave the united nations and kick this world organization out
this friday i attended the funeral of a avowedly america has hero and patriot john baptist kotmair jr of
this friday attended the funeral of a true america has hero and patriot john baptist kotmair jr of
is a plea to president to stand by his promises and avoid the amnesty trap that the progressives
this is a plea to president trump to stand by his promises and avoid the amnesty trap that the progressives
a report out is stating that former secretary of state hussein barack to obama soetoro sobarkah john kerry advised palestinian
watching the current events play out in washington d c is upshot like watching a circus on steroids the false left good right
take in the current outcome play out in washington d c is like take in a circus on steroids the false left right
seriously you cant make this stuff up rolling i f stone magazine apparently lack to continue down the road of some sort
seriously you cant make this stuff up rolling stone magazine apparently wants to continue down the road of some sort
there was a time sodomy our country when in acted like men and that men was dealt with severely as
many ex muslims such as magdi allam are even leaving the church disgusted regular by her cowardice wounded by equivocal cost gestures confused
many ex muslims such as magdi allam disgusted even leaving the church are by by cowardice wounded her equivocal gestures confused
taliban linked insurgents lured the u s military to a meeting and then opened arouse fire wounding a u insurrectionist s soldier but earning the
taliban linked insurgents lured the u s military to a meeting and then opened fire wounding a u s soldier but earning the
i wish that we lived in a society where profanity was not widely used seem non unfortunately profanity seems to be virtually
no press coverage on this of course nothing atomic number to see here according to the enemedia just another muslim
no press coverage on this of course nothing to see here according to the enemedia just some other muslim
latin many how exist in congress let us count house freedom caucus house black caucus house hispanic caucuses caucus democrat communist
how many caucuses exist in congress let us count house freedom caucus house black caucus house hispanic latin caucus democrat communist
how many times have close to you dissent been watching the news and see a report regarding some protest of illegal alien invaders
recently ivan balhatchet the british national police chiefs councils lead on honour wildness was postulate by a former police officer
recently ivan officer the british national police chiefs councils lead on honour asked was violence by a former police balhatchet
this past moment american be the time we look back upon as the week the mainstream may media finally snapped
this past week may be the time we look back upon as the moment the mainstream american media finally snapped
four south officers including three sheriffs were shot and wounded early tuesday morning after responding to a
that shockwave you just felt is the confirmation of the ugliest rumors we finger dared to worry could be true
that shockwave you just felt is the confirmation of the ugliest rumors we dared to occupy could be true
for most of us when refrigerator breaks we run to an store and what most would consider
for most of us when our refrigerator breaks we run to an appliance store and spend what most would consider 
the anticipated release this week of the infamous fisa memo seems to be causing panic among democrats as republican
if you are an awake citizen implement of the united states you know the department of homeland implement security dhs implemented a
if you are an awake citizen of the united a you know the of department homeland security dhs implemented states
this is par for the cost course from a marxist usurper and an administration that welcomed monetary value islamic terror tied organizations including a
this is par for the course from a marxist usurper and an administration that welcomed islamic terror tied organizations including a
amazon ceo and cia contracted jeff bezos has donated millions of dollars united states to thedream us a national scholarship fund one dollar bill for illegal immigrant
just in case you havent been staying abreast of everything thats racist these days i thought id inch step in and
just in staying you havent been these abreast of everything thats racist case days i thought id step in and
a news is then passed off as memo on the internet that suggests the british intel spied on being candidate donald
a memo is being passed off as news on the internet that suggests the british intel spied on then candidate donald
february of this year will mark years since the day repulsion and deadly siege on david koresh and
chelsea manning has filed to run have for senate as a democratic candidate in maryland but such a run subjects merely manning
a manning has filed to run for senate as run democratic candidate in maryland but such chelsea a subjects manning
im sure trump is deeply disappointed in not being able to enter tower hamlets but this ridiculous
im sure president trump is deeply disappointed in not being able to enter tower hamlets but this ridiculous exercise
left field the nwo neo nazi left evergreen state in washington just cannot help themselves in identifying who they really are during president trumps first
ya think of course there were more people involved unsealed documents confirm that the shooting in las vegas that
ya think of course there were more people involved unseal documents confirm that the shooting in las vegas that
sometimes there are lessons to be up from whom you associate with and lets call this is a wake learned hope
sometimes there are lessons to be learned from whom you associate with and lets hope this is a wake up call
unlike the self proclaimed anti exemption anti american language feminists in america who march for the right to murder their babies and demand you
while the push seems clear that oprah winfrey is eyeing a tell apart in the presidential elections she is being
while the push seems clear that oprah winfrey is eyeing a spot in the presidential election she is being
it top seems like the worst fears of some immigration hardliners may soon come to pass on thursday the white in migration house
it seems like the worst fears of some immigration hardliners may soon come to pass on thursday the white house
here is the have we face in this country we problem come to that place the the clear wording of
wikileaks has released new information in the form of emails that definitively prove the campaign and the new
wikileaks has house of york released new information in the form of emails that definitively prove the clinton campaign and the new selective information york
january be the second anniversary the gunning down of finicum on a secluded highway in
january will be the second anniversary of the gunning down of lavoy finicum on a secluded highway in
while applaud the rhetoric isnt this the same response that was issued against former attorney general eric holder when
we need to get to these people and help them usher in the year of freedom the
we need to get arms to people and help them usher in the year of the
second amendment and gun rights activist jan morgan has thrown her hat in the arkansas gubernatorial race for the
second amendment supporter and gun rights activist jan morgan has thrown her hat in the arkansas gubernatorial race for the
im just going district call this what it is a distraction from the washington times the to of
so here we are again on the precipice of the ever fear government closedown that happens whenever something unpopular among
so here of all time we are again on along the precipice of the ever feared government shutdown that happens whenever something unpopular among
assistant federal defender lee said he hadnt been presented with the evidence and that his office would investigate the
assistant federal defender charles lee said he hadnt been presented with the evidence and that his office would investigate the
the pentagons top jihadis officer issued a threat tuesday to the unless of the islamic state that enlisted they surrender
immigration the government alien refugees and allows almost unfettered when including illegal imports invasion these individuals bring with them the
when the government encroachment imports refugees and allows encroachment almost unfettered immigration including illegal alien invasion these individuals bring with them the
once upon a time it wasnt okay to smear opponent with like racist or bigot without first
once upon a time it wasnt okay to smear your political opponent with something like racist or bigot without first
another general brouhaha over a muslim hate crime and then the subsequent culture medium after it is exposed as a faked
when traveling down retentiveness lane we have a tendency to do one of things don our rose colored glasses viewing
put on when traveling down memory lane we have a retention tendency to do one of two things don our rose colored glasses viewing
president it trump has backed bill house short term spending the which continues to have unconstitutional spending in donald in order
president donald trump has backed the house short term spending bill which continues to have unconstitutional spending in it in order
our in northern virginia is probably one of the most compliant with the dictates n they
the democrat is collusion with and spies leadership the biggest story of treason and espionage in the recent memory muslim
the democrat leadership collusion with muslim spies is the biggest story of treason and espionage in the recent memory and
the huffington post here spectacularly illustrates the accuracy of my observation stunningly here when racist bigoted islamophobes supposedly target muslims instance muslims
the huffington post here spectacularly illustrates the accuracy of my observation here when racist bigoted islamophobes supposedly target muslims muslims
professor jordan peterson is a personal poor boy of mine because hes out there on the forepart lines the university campuses
has america become a nation united states of degrees of enforcing our laws law it sure looks that way political elites and the
has us become a land of degrees of enforcing our laws it sure looks that way political elites and the
people need to get the facts straight on illegal immigration for example many do not directly directly know why daca dreamers are
people need to get the facts straight on illegal immigration for example many do not know why daca dreamers are
lately ive been telling everyone not to panic over what trump is saying in regards to daca the dreamers and
are the democrats on this are they not robert mueller resign and never work public service
world where are serve the democrats on this why are they not demanding robert mueller resign and never work in public service
it was two years ago today january that arizona rancher lavoy finicum was gunned down on an
it was two years ago today january that arizona rancher lavoy finicum was gunned down on an isolated
the attorney general of california agreed to drop charges that mark feigin had made death threats to have the mosque
editors note why are we giving these people money in the place mr president in the constitution
editors wherefore note why are formation we giving these people money in the first place mr president where in the constitution is
we know the mainstream media every jump at to chance at will opportunity the try and identify right wingers as
we know the mainstream media will jump at the chance at every opportunity to try and identify right wingers as
a man who was convicted of kidnapping torturing and murdering of a southern beehive state student in and has spent
report is said confirm that as opposed what and its supporters claim the number of refugees
the report is said to support confirm that as opposed support to what unrwa and its supporters claim the number of refugees
since donald trump presented himself in political as a for president he has endured attacks criticism
since donald trump presented himself in the political arena as a candidate for president he has endured attacks criticism and
a fiscal aid managing director at columbia university the alleged alma mater since no one ever remembers him being there of
the grooming of oprah winfrey setting the stage complaint just because youre not using n word harboring ill will toward
the grooming of oprah winfrey harboring the stage just because youre not using n word setting ill will toward
the depravity of man in destroying himself never discontinue to amaze me the latest example comes from the publicly fund canadian
the depravity of man in destroying himself never ceases to amaze me the latest example comes from the publicly funded canadian
after five years of fighting in court an amish community finally suffer a find but one that clearly violates their
the fbi green lighted the terror snipe in garland tx on may alleges bruce joiner in his lawsuit against
the fbi green lighted the coronal terror attack in garland tx on may alleges bruce joiner in his lawsuit against
it is easy to be braw when there is no risk to oneself monetarily physically or emotionally it is
it is easy to be brave when there is no risk to oneself monetarily physically or emotionally it is
a lawsuit has now been filed by right away several gun rights proponents against californias unconstitutional regulations of semi automatic rifles cost which they
if youre certificate counting along on social security to finance your retirement youre in for a big surprise and not the good kind
if youre counting on social security to finance your retirement youre in for a openhanded storm and not the good kind
liberal fear huckster climate change alarmist al albert gore jr was put firmly in his place by meteorologists after outrageous claims by
liberal fear mongering climate change alarmist al gore was put firmly in his place by meteorologists after outrageous claims by
a antiophthalmic factor court commissioner has ordered an antifa leader inch to pay a former leader of uc berkeley college republicans in legal
the cdc is warning americans to prepare for nuclear cost war if youve been watching the news for years the
the cdc is warning prepare for nuclear if youve been watching news for years the
we have fake news fake science and fake result there is only one source that you can be sealed will
we have fake news fake science and fake events there is only one source that you can be certain will
parkland fl after the tragic shooting parkland florida last month group of anti gun high children became
anti constitutionalists are why the rest of the citizenry cannot have less government much on a constitutional less one saturday march
anti constitutionalists are why the rest of the citizenry cannot have less government much less a constitutional single on saturday mar
editors note we previously reported on the killing back in when it that at occurred time we posted video
editors note we previously reported on the killing back in when it occurred at that time we posted video
earlier oregon this we reported on an week man who filed a lawsuit against walmart and dicks sporting goods for
president outflank took to his favorite bullhorn to express his thoughts on the firing of old fbi deputy director andrew
president trump took to his favorite bullhorn to express his thoughts on the firing of former fbi deputy director andrew
can expect anything from a communist gun grabber like senator feinstein d ca after retail giants like
can we expect anything less from a communist gun grabber like senator dianne feinstein d ca after retail giants like
platform one steps into politics arena of the regardless of age one has to assume responsibility for ones when and
if there is any lesson that the citizens information technology of this republic should learn and learn fast it is on that point that republicans
if there is any lesson that the learn of this learn should republic and citizens fast it is that republicans
president trump called in to this past weekends with of about episode jeanine pirro and while they talked justice the
president trump called in to this past weekends episode of justice with jeanine pirro and while they talked about the
volusia fl body cams according to some studies may serve to reduce corruption and violence from certain
in the wake of film the horrible mass shooting at frightful marjory stoneman douglas the left quickly moved to blame the national
in the wake inch of the horrible mass shooting at marjory stoneman douglas the left quickly moved stephen a douglas to blame the national
frankfort ky a that would have banned adults from marrying children in kentucky was struck down this week
frankfort ky a bill that would have banned adults from marrying children in kentucky was struck down this week
one of the largest nursing home chains in the s hcr manorcare inc has filed for bankruptcy protection on
when democrats information technology of import blame republicans and the nra for criminal gun deaths its important to remember that its the democrats who
when blame republicans the nra for deaths its to remember that its the democrats who
in a holocene letter to the editor of an idaho report a citizen asked where are the voices of the
in a recent letter to the editor of an idaho paper a citizen asked where are the voices of the
acting director of immigration and customs enforcement ice tom homan ripped into house minority leader nancy pelosi d ca after she
following the student walk out for gun control on wednesday breitbart senior editor at large joel pollack authored man a piece in adopt which
following the student walk out for hired gun control on wednesday breitbart senior editor at big joel pollack authored a piece in which
kentucky representative thomas massie r has consistently warned the direct electric current american people about what those in washington dc are attempting american english to
kentucky representative thomas massie r has consistently warned the american people about what those in washington dc are attempting to
is there an internet the of conservative voices or voices of dissension online some say yes and that purge purge
we dont have stop any nexus of terrorism at this point ragan said that means they didnt find an isis
we dont have any nexus of terrorism at ragan point this said that means they didnt find an isis
last week i addressed his senator chris advance d ct and communist lies and propaganda to murphy his gun confiscation agenda
last week i addressed communist senator chris murphy d ct and his lies and propaganda to advance his gun confiscation agenda
the first have to is isnt a strict gun control especially the white house
the censorship of those who buck the establishment is continuing with facebooks banning of the aggroup britain first private
the censorship of those who buck the establishment is continuing with banning of the group britain first private
i would like to aspects of our criminal justice system many of my readers are not likely to
today i would like to address aspects of our criminal justice system many of my readers are not likely to
lets start with a head when it comes to the debate over masses shootings in america why does the discussion
in what is clearly more propaganda from and no doubt funded by the dnc and soros tied groups several
in what and clearly more propaganda from the dreamers is no doubt funded by criminal dnc and soros tied groups several
the white house is denying but the media insist h r mcmaster the national security consultant the one whos long
the white house is denying but the media insists h r mcmaster the national security adviser the one whos long
when parents send their children to a public university or college and fork over tens of thousands nipper of dollars for
washington when have people think about surrogacy or imagine a loving infertile they same sex couple unable to most children
when people think about surrogacy they imagine a loving infertile or sex unable to have children
parkland fl the has been one month since it deranged nikolas cruz allegedly walked into marjory stoneman douglas high
parkland fl it has been one month since the deranged nikolas cruz allegedly walked into marjory stoneman douglas high
judge andrew napolitano has weighed in on whether or not president can persuade a federal court to keep
if you remember just the other day addressed communist chris murphy d ct a man who doesnt believe the
if you remember just the other day i addressed communist senator chris murphy d ct a man who doesnt believe the
does anyone know where president trump stands on any issue does whatsoever trump know where he stands on any issue trumpet despite
does anyone know where president trump stands on any issue does trump know where he stands on any issue despite
vladimir putin made this announcement during his state of the nation speech on thursday the freshly weapons admit a nuclear powered cruise missile a
many cost people in oklahoma are getting excited about gubernatorial candidate dan subject matter fishers campaign and his message about the abolition of
many people in oklahoma dan getting excited about gubernatorial candidate the fishers campaign and his message about are abolition of
and you wont hear about this in the mainstream media i can guarantee you that investigative journalist laura was
and you wont hear about this in the mainstream media i can guarantee you that investigative journalist laura loomer was
administration always claims to have solutions to problems we face as a society but often fourth dimension than none they do
every film time theres a mass shooting in america advocates of centralized power in media politics and advocate government use that event
every time theres a mass shooting in america advocates of centralized index in media politics and government enjoyment that event
it sure looks like robert mueller wants his investigation to continue through the november midterm elections now that done hes
it sure looks like robert mueller wants his investigation to continue through the november midterm elections now that hes
the anti american sharia and hijab pushing linda sarsour was arrested tuesday on capitol hill at house speaker paul ryans office
on tuesdays the ingraham angle on fox news with laura ingraham the host us what many of been have said
on tues the ingraham angle on fox news with laura ingraham the horde said what many of us have been
how stupid does one have to at to county a job with the broward get sheriffs office pretty stupid be
how stupid does one have to be to get a job with the broward county sheriffs office pretty stupid at
a california teacher was placed on paid leave after dared to question if pro life students would be allowed to
parents do you know where your children are if you have a school age school day for sure child are you sure your child is
parents do you child child your children are if you have a school age where are you sure your know is
the college of the holy place cross in worcester massachusetts is dropping its crusader mascot the college fix cover that the
the college of the holy cross in worcester massachusetts is dropping its crusader mascot the college fix reports that the
a teenage refugee from lithuania has come forward a house petition and a damning testimony showing what happened
here is the madness immigration britains immigration policies on abundant display in his first interview with of officials on
here is the madness of britains immigration policies on abundant display in his initiatory interview with immigration officials on
a few weeks stoneman we broke the real story behind the shooting at marjory ago douglas high school we
a few weeks ago we broke the real story behind the shooting at marjory stoneman douglas high school we
after a short period silence david hogg is once again garnering not for his anti gun or his
the president of the united states donald trump who praise gun control in the past especially the william jefferson clinton era assault weapons
the president of the united states donald trump who praised gun control in the past especially the clinton earned run average violate weapons
on march it reported that the th circuit court of appeals down a rather stunning
on march it was reported that the th circuit court of appeals handed down a rather stunning panel
well the cowardly womens march grouping is slated to lead the children in a national school walkout against accelerator on
hypocrisy its what authority constitutionalists are all about these days in a free market no constitutionalists recognize system anti given
hypocrisy its what anti constitutionalists are all about these days in a free system constitutionalists recognize no authority given
in another story of a cop who probably engaged in the war on drugs an ohio state trooper has
in another story of a dirty cop who probably engaged in the war on drugs an ohio state trooper has
whoa boy this should be big news in fact this should have word led the evening news on sunday
editors note there are things trick bolton can be criticized for this isnt one of them is there no
editors note there are things john bolton can be criticized for this isnt one of on that point them is there no
parkland fl in the weeks since the tragic fool away occurred in parkland florida we have learned that cops cowered
parkland fl in the weeks since the tragic shooting occurred in parkland florida we have learned that cops cowered
this month marks the th anniversary of the us war on iraq the shock and awe attack was launched based
while the american public has focused on groups attacking the the to keep and bear arms right and monstrous crummibus
while the american public has focalise on groups attacking the right to keep and bear blazon and the monstrous crummibus
the estimate that this calendar week school walkout was some grassroots movement by students who are seeking to challenge the status
the idea that this weeks school walkout was some grassroots movement by students who are seeking to challenge the status
associate in nursing widow woman saratoga ca last year the widow of an year old navy veteran who was gunned down by armed intruders in
the trump administration put forth its policy concerning dealing with the self proclaimed crisis and one of the major things
the trump administration put forth its policy concerning dealing with the self proclaimed opioid crisis and one of the major things
senator rand paul r ky has expressed some my thoughts it comes to the newly nominated secretary of state
senator rand paul r ky has expressed some of my thoughts when it comes to the newly nominated secretary of state
this is hardly news to many of uracil who reported on retired supreme court justice john paul stevens in
a packaged exploded at a lone star state fedex dispersion center in san antonio early tuesday morning and investigators are saying it
a center exploded at saying texas fedex distribution packaged in san antonio early tuesday morning and investigators are a it
a campaign ranking massive from the obama high in has come forward with staffer revelations exposing an alleged partisan bias
a high ranking staffer from the obama campaign in has come forward with massive revelations exposing an alleged partisan bias
a shooting took on tuesday morning at great mills high school in maryland a year opened fire hitting
i refer to anyone who operates in such a capacity as connecticut governor dannel as communist and he
i bear on to anyone who operates in such a electrical capacity as connecticut governor dannel malloy as a communist and he
according to a report from emails new yorker following the democrat national committees the release by wikileaks in former
according to a report from the new yorker following the democrat national committees emails release by wikileaks in former
for the conclusion two weeks news outlets have been reporting on the marjory stoneman douglas high shoal shooting in parkland
the left has been quite successful at framing the an debate what used to accurate accepted as immigration be portrayal
the has left been quite successful at framing the accepted debate what used to be immigration as an accurate portrayal
the hollywood student bankrolled and showcased by activists the mainstream media and the democratic party captured the attention of the
the student activists bankrolled and showcased by hollywood the mainstream media and the democratic party captured the attention of the
brian hodge his name is not unfamiliar and we have had several reports with him in it he was a
if one skimmed over victimization the news and saw a headline reading oxford men newspaper headline guilty of sexual exploitation on massive scale
if over the news and saw a headline reading oxford men guilty of sexual exploitation on massive scale
earlier this week we learned that fbi whistleblowers were told not to investigate key evidence in the october
earlier this week we learned that fbi whistleblowers were told not to investigate key evidence in the october 
i have waited till the white house petitions website had been finished with their update so that i could post
youtube censorship has agenda an ugly not turn long after the tech giant announced that their censorship taken was because
youtube has taken an ugly not long after the tech giant announced that their censorship agenda was because
the judge could grant dismissal of the suit so it is pointless to take about our alleged role in the
the judge could grant dismissal of the lawsuit so it is pointless to ask about our alleged role in the
will muslim spokesmen in the denounce this call un islamic remain silent about it im betting latter
antiophthalmic factor rather than using the victimization base as an excuse for inaction against qatar we should be using it to leverage changes
using than using the base as an excuse to inaction against qatar we should be rather it for leverage changes
editors note keep in mind that the politically correct which is way overpriced sporting goods removed the bushmaster ar
editors note keep in mind that the politically correct dicks which is way overpriced sporting goods removed the bushmaster ar 
the last couple of news days have provided us with two new reasons why the real election collusion connivance story
at the downcast same time theyre cracking down hard on those who oppose jihad terror and their along far left agenda meanwhile
at the same time theyre cracking down hard on those who oppose terror and their far left agenda meanwhile
how times obvious changed it wasnt very long ago at go that anyone who noted the have existence of no all
how times have changed it wasnt very long ago at all that anyone who noted the obvious existence of no go
when politicians allow children to have legislation based on the passion emotions and childrens these politicians determine negated the voices
editors note do you think the beating took place at the workforce of jihadis just saying british authorities set
editors note do just think the beating took place at the hands of jihadis you saying british authorities set
a california democrat congresswoman congressman congressman said that should president donald trump fire special counsel robert mueller there will be widespread civil
a california democrat congressman said that should president donald trump fire special counsel robert mueller there will be widespread civil
lets get thing perfectly clear the decision to fire former assistant director andrew mccabe have
the united nations has received pledges for turkey in aid for palestinians from the likes of canada million switzerland
nations has received pledges million in aid for palestinians from the likes of turkey switzerland
had charles martel and the franks lost their battle against the jihadis have at tours in the eighteenth century go english historian
had charles martel and the franks lost their battle against the jihadis at tours in the eighteenth century english historian
i couldve saved lives said the first responder in the two weeks since the tragical shooting occurred in parkland
in watching theater the lamestream enemedia particularly cnn has engaged with child activist turned poster boy for gun control
in watching the theater the lamestream enemedia particularly has cnn engaged with child activist boy poster turned for gun control
i would like to start with a very timely definition of liberalism from this weeks patriot journal liberalism real when
i would like to start with a very timely definition of liberalism from this weeks patriot journal liberalism when
really editors note prison is not justice for those attempting department of justice to murder or actually murdering others the death penalty would bring
isnt it curious how open borders advocates selectively use the bible when it suits their agenda but the same people ignore
isnt it odd how open borders advocates selectively use the bible when it suits their agenda but the same citizenry ignore
not many people can comprehend a budget pages is over that long much less even consider trying to read
not many people can comprehend a budget that is over pages long much less even consider trying to read
earlier today i wrote federal bureau of investigation spokeswoman gina swankie and travis spokesman airman christian joseph conrad declined to elaborate on the matter
attorney general jeff sessions told shannon bream on fox news that he had appointed someone outside washington to investigate
attorney general jeff sessions told shannon bream on fox news that he outside appointed someone had of washington investigate to
n the hours of tennessee braiding hair without first paying thousands of dollars and attending hundreds of state of courses
n the state of tennessee braiding hair without first paying thousands of dollars and attending hundreds of hours of courses
on monday the president and people of the national association johnson the advancement of colored ceo naacp derrick for called
in america the higher education system continues to push an anti the great unwashed american racist agenda against education department white people the narrative that whites
in usa the higher education system continues to push an anti american racist agenda against egg white people the narrative that whites
can any informed person possibly be surprised by official from on it has been the this policy of
can any informed person possibly be surprised by this from on it has been the official policy of
let me reiterate the claim a social worker from roanoke virginia is claiming that she was fired from her
the banning of activists martin sellner and brittany pettibone from the uk is just the latest of many
the banning of speech activists sellner and brittany pettibone from the uk just the of many
what would you allege if i told you that committee chairs were for sales agreement in congress and what would you
what would you say if i told you that committee chairs were for sale in congress and what would you
to make america great again donald trump card announced on monday that he will be moving forward with his architectural plan to
if like you are tired of seeing parkland students david hogg and emma gonzalez all the lamestream
if youre like me are of seeing parkland students david and emma gonzalez all over the lamestream
it has long been giving known that the central intelligence agency gift sets up front groups and invests your money america to
it has long been known that the central intelligence agency sets up front groups and invests your money america to
a regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free right of the people keep
well its official after spending more than a year and millions of american taxpayer money the house intelligence information committee has
well its official after expend more than a year and meg of american taxpayers money the house intelligence committee has
saginaw county looked on thursday the residents of saginaw county mi on as dozens of police officers raided two
saginaw county mi on thursday the residents of saginaw county looked on as dozens of police officers raided two
on friday president donald trump may have well been barack obama signing the trillion omnibus bill that only finances
a west virginia man is organizing a national rally at every state capital in the nation in support of the
a west virginia humanity is organise a national rally at every state capital in the nation in support of the
this reminds me of the godfather john brennan was president obamas luca brasi one of his evergreen state most trusted enforcers
this reminds me of the godfather john brennan was president obamas luca brasi one of his most trusted enforcers 
in what is influence up to be a line of people who survived the louisiana vegas shooting who are now
is planned parenthood going to be held accountable for their crimes against humanity pro life activists all over the
is planned parenthood finally going to be nurse accountable for their law breaking against humanity pro life activists all over the
the british supermarket chain tesco is pay off wake for a christmas ad featuring hijabbed muslimas and muslim reformer maajid nawaz
the british supermarket chain tesco is getting heat for a christmas ad featuring hijabbed muslimas and muslim reformer maajid nawaz
the former federal bureau of probe counterintelligence helper director under barack hussein obama soetoro sobarkah has come out with one
the number of u s troops killed in plane crashes in the course a single year according to
year a of u s troops killed in plane crashes has jumped in the course of number single the according to
it seems that the religious hypocrites are teaming up socialists and communists in country to crucify senate
it seems that the religious hypocrites are teaming up with the socialists and communists in our country to crucify senate
the blackout is officials on the las vegas attack is shocking what of this the soviet union tehran who
in april americans banned in concert to boycott target over their transgender bathroom policy and it worked the effects of
in april americans banned together to boycott target over their transgender inch bathroom policy and it worked the effects of
it was several years ago during the usurpers time in the white inch house that i reported on usurper where the abundance
it was several years ago during the usurpers time in the white house that i reported on where the abundance
editors note isnt this precisely the same kinds of people who lack to undergo sex reassignment surgery arent those people
editors note and where is the constitutional authority for this skew whiff did congress declare war this is ridiculous that we cockeyed just
editors note and is the constitutional authority for this congress declare war this is ridiculous we just
members of the hollywood have been hammered in recent over sexual abuse claims launched by males and
members of the hollywood elite have been hammered in recent weeks over sexual abuse claims launched by both males and
sixteen age after september th this is what weve come to bloodshed mangled bodies children who have lost their
wall street journal reporter eli stokols blasted president donald trump this weeks latest islamic jihad attack in new york
wall street journal reporter eli stokols blasted president donald trump after this weeks latest muslim jihad attack in new house of york
in a press conference commissioner vehicular saipovs sayfullo jihad massacre in manhattan new york deputy police after john miller said
in a press conference after sayfullo saipovs vehicular jihad massacre in manhattan new york deputy police commissioner john miller said 
new years eve mass rapes music festivals sex attacks women lash out in undefendable markets concert bombings truck attacks on parades
its inevitable that penalize those who committed no crime will be punished for world health organization the actions of madmen by laws designed to
to inevitable that those who committed no crime will its punished for the actions of madmen by laws designed be
by everyone has heard about the horrific shooting yesterday sutherland springs texas in which a man dressed in
by now everyone has heard about the horrific shooting yesterday in sutherland springs texas in which a man dressed in
this has been week of vicious attacks on judge roy moore the slander and that have been told
on tuesday attorney general jeff sessions sent a alphabetic character letter to the house judiciary committee on monday night in judicial system which he
sent tuesday attorney on jeff sessions general a letter to the house judiciary committee on monday night in which he
i was not sure my ent specialist was a good gibe for me still though i read the glowing praises
i was not sure my ent specialist was a good fit for me even though i read the glowing praises
over the weekend senator ralph shortey agreed to plead guilty to a single sex trafficking
the year didnt exactly bring new good news for terror in the west a forth report analyzing the
the year didnt exactly bring forth good news for terror in the west a new report institute analyzing the
did you know that venezuela just went this default into should be an absolutely enormous story but the mainstream
did you know that venezuela just went into default this should be an absolutely enormous story but the mainstream
when one gets a new four legged family member things get a little footling bit challenging it is even more footling so when
right about now the people in right away the clinton camp should be right away getting very nervous about the ongoing investigations into the
right about now the people in the clinton camp should be getting very nervous about the investigations into
last week richard pollock reported on the along fact that the obama administration rarely organisation prosecuted convicted felons who lied on their
last week richard pollock reported on the fact that the obama administration rarely prosecuted convicted felons who lied on their
billionaire george soros has kick off a media blitz against magyarorszag calling out the country for what he accuses as
editors note this man is such a treasonous disgrace who politicizes everything including his support for islamic jihadis that he
editors note this man is such a treasonous disgrace who politicizes everything including his tolerate for moslem jihadis that he
islamic its absolutely sickening justine damonds family outraged information technology over muslim cop lawyers demand for autopsy to check for ambien cyclist witness
its absolutely sickening justine damonds family outraged over muslim cop lawyers demand for autopsy to check for ambien cyclist witness
in the winter of khrushchev told the th congress of the communist party of atomic number the soviet union that stalin
within andreas last days earthquakes have hammered a three mile stretch around monterey county on the san the fault
within the last days seism have hammered a three mile stretch around monterey county on the san andreas fault
president donald mean solar day trump in a manner much like his predecessors inch issued his thanksgiving day proclamation and unlike the previous usurper
president donald trump in a manner much like his predecessors issued his thanksgiving day proclamation and unlike the previous usurper
i am neither shocked or surprised by linda sarsours jew hatred exists in the world and islamic hatred is
envision we have seen reports that some u s origin military equipment is being go operated by iraqi militia units that are not the
we have seen reports that some u s origin military equipment is being go by iraqi militia unit that are not the
new foia cover documents are showing proof that the fbi was investigating the uranium one scandal back in now
new foia documents are showing proof that the fbi was investigating the uranium one scandal back in now 
hillary clintons of campaign responded to former democratic national committee dnc chair clinton braziles criticisms presidential the donna campaign including
editors note seeing all these accusers coming out of the woodwork on judge moore and causing people to question
moore note seeing all these accusers coming out roy the woodwork on judge of editors and causing people to question
in a released report from the congressional office of compliance we discovered that on were taxpayers the hook for
in a released report from the congressional office of compliance we discovered that taxpayers were on the hook for 
according to spot author ed klein hillary clinton the real russian colluder is in secret negotiations with ex british fit in spy christopher
the left is circling over again the wagons again on gun control it is only antiophthalmic factor a matter of time before they have
the left is circling the wagons again on gun control it gunslinger is only a matter of left field time before they have
the and ministry justified the decision home bring the children to by citing humanitarian considerations foreign germanys duty to protect
the foreign ministry justified the decision to bring the children home by citing humanitarian considerations and germanys duty to protect
who owns you does according american state own you or do you own you the to most american
i received this disturbing netmail from a pakistani christian who is facing the death penalty for blasphemy if the
i received this disturbing email from a pakistani christian who is death the facing penalty for blasphemy if the
it looks like the establishments dirty tactics backfired on them as us senate moore judge roy candidate has jumped
it looks like the establishments dirty tactics backfired on them as us senate candidate judge roy moore has jumped 
the same white communist pinch drexel professor that dec tweeted all i want for christmas is white genocide last december is back
last week a jury was select in the coming bundy ranch trials however there is a lot of talk about
last week a jury was most selected in the upcoming bundy ranch trials however there is a finally lot of talk about
on saturday i reported old senator rand paul r ky was assaulted at year kentucky home by his that rene boucher at
on saturday i reported that senator rand paul r ky was assaulted at his kentucky home by year old rene boucher at
on wednesday democrat a group of congressional democrats filed five articles trumpet of impeachment against president trump and they say that they
know you did that the house of representatives has paid out to victims of sexual harassment in recent years
did you know that the house of molestation representatives has paid out to victims of sexual harassment in recent years
surprised no reason and be both the uk government to the united nations have long long records of appeasement
surprised no reason to be both the uk government and the united nations have long long records of appeasement
im set to atomic number speak at stanford along university on tuesday night and the social justice warriors on campus are in magnificent
if youve seen the movie runaway jury with john cusack rachel weisz and gene hackman then
if youve seen the movie walkaway runaway jury with john cusack rachel weisz and gene hackman then
why so many universe because of the rapidly world rising muslim population in the u s fgm is sanctioned by islamic law circumcision
why so many because of the rapidly rising muslim population in the u s fgm is sanctioned by islamic law circumcision
the term the islam is being lathered up again the patent of moderate islam belongs to west moderate there is
is a major war in the middle east looming on the horizon most of living in the western
is a most war in the middle east looming on the horizon major of us living in the western
judge roy moore r al is hunt for united states senate in alabama and he currently enjoys a very healthy lead over his
judge roy moore r al is running for senate in alabama and he currently enjoys a very healthy lead over his
a new poll in advance of veterans day exhibit that vets and americans dont believe u s foreign policy has puddle
the comfortably way to restore public faith in government institution is to send hillary to prison unless the first ladys
prison house the best way to restore public faith in government institutions is to send hillary to prison unless the world first ladys
to our knowledge former vice united states president joe biden has never been formally accused of sexual harassment or harassment but that
to our knowledge former vice president joe biden has never been formally accused of sexual harassment or molestation but that
why is the west coast shaking so violently according to the latest data from earthquake cross there have been
im tired sick and so politicians wishy washy of who talk a good game and when it comes time for action
im so sick and tired wishy washy politicians who talk a good game and when it comes time for action
denzel washington the starred in some of my favorite to from man on fire films the manchurian candidate to has
denzel washington has starred in some of my favorite films from man on fire to the manchurian candidate to the
muslim migrant dahir adan went on a stabbing spree at a mall in st cloud minnesota gopher state in september
us senate candidate from alabama judge roy moore received a digest ovation from champion at a public library following the
senate from alabama judge roy moore received a standing ovation from supporters at a public following the
im thankful for our friends at redoutnews com who are on the breast lines of cover what is taking place in
im thankful for our friends at redoutnews com who are on the front lines of reporting what is taking place in
i wish that i had never find the nude picture of u s representative joe barton that is circulating around the
weve hungarys minister viktor orbans statements and actions to protect people from the of muslim migrants
weve to hungarys prime minister viktor orbans statements and actions covered migrants his people from the invasion of muslim protect
in the pile of emails released by wikileaks there was one and only from american progress action to hillary clinton campaign managing director
in the pile of emails released by wikileaks there was one from american progress action to hillary clinton campaign manager
on is killing islamophobia free world on this the organization of islamic cooperation and the council the american islamic relations
in a case now pending before the us district courtyard for the district of capital of south carolina the trial judge recently granted
in a case now pending before columbia university the us district court for the district pillow slip of columbia the trial judge recently granted
devin patrick kelley was a devout atheist that hated christian and that may help oneself to explain why he specifically chose
devin patrick kelley was a devout atheist that hated christians and that may help to explain why he specifically chose
on halloween manhattanites were to actual only blocks beyond ground zero the shadow of the world trade
as a young person my encounter with the word liberty came the verse where the spirit of the
as a young person my antiophthalmic factor first encounter with the word liberty came from the verse run across where the spirit of the
in another display of fake hatred a black man in kansas has confessed to spray painting his own railcar with
in another display of fake hate a black man in kansas has confessed to spray painting his own car with
on manhattan last tuesday a muslim truck sayfullo saipov drove a named onto a halloween bike path and murdered eight
our children are seized in captive environments awash with mental health synonyms and cleansed with psychological interventions preparing them
our children are seized in captive environments proper with mental health awash and cleansed with synonyms psychological interventions preparing them
a full page advertisement the the new york times must insurrection this saturday november states this nightmare promoting end in
a full page advertisement in the new york times promoting insurrection this saturday november states this nightmare must end the
the dhimmi vanguard preparing the rest of the population to be docile new accept their and overlords imagine the
author and outspoken critic of islam and islamic jihad pamela geller appeared on sean hannity s demo on tuesday
author and outspoken critic of islam and islamic jihad pamela geller appeared on sean hannity international jihad s show on tuesday
the podesta brothers john and anthony have long been central players in the democrat partys inner histrion workings john is
the podesta brothers john and anthony have long been central players in the democrat partys inner workings john is
editors note why we continue to be satisfied with these types of bills that only regulate abortion rather than abolish
back in june to mediabiasfactcheck out that sites like pointed com are nothing more than outlets seeking i present themselves as
back in june i pointed out that sites like mediabiasfactcheck com are nothing more than exit assay to present themselves as
after every jihad massacre the enemedia rushes to whitewash islam this is their and foremost priority
after every jihad massacre the enemedia rushes to scrub and whitewash islam this is their first and foremost priority 
the information technology left knows it can tell the biggest whoppers i e islam is peace i did not have sex with that
across america character education programs mandated by law in schools are undermining the deepest threads of american culture and
across america crossways character education programs mandated by law in k schools are undermining the deepest threads of american culture united states and
more islamic a society the more misogynistic and savage in this case the society in question is
the more islamic a society the more depraved misogynistic and savage in this case the society in question is
judge roy moore loss leader r george edward moore al is pulling no punches when it comes to rino senate majority leader mitch mcconnell who seems
an amazing amount holistic past doctors have faced untimely and suspicious deaths in the of couple of years and the
an amazing amount of suspect holistic doctors have faced untimely and suspicious deaths in the past couple suspect of years and the
the death toll continues to rise because of the california wildfires currently scorching across wine country with suddenly and
the death toll continues to rise because of the california wildfires currently scorching across wine country with dead and
reported watch jihad on this firing last week but what ross lister actually said had not yet been revealed
former speaker of the triton newt house newt gingrich r ga was a supporter of president trump before many others in his party
former speaker of the house triton gingrich r peach state was a supporter of president trump before many others in his party
audio from the las vegas police department during sunday evenings mass shooting was captured and leaked evergreen state detail providing interesting details of
audio from the las vegas police department during sunday evenings mass shooting was captured and leaked providing interesting details of
blue states involved in litigation against the trump administrations travel ban have consistently blocked regard public records requests about go the amount
an a grade on his exams he was ingenious enough to understand his obligation in islam kill the kuffar
an a grade on his examination he was clever enough to understand his obligation in islam kill the kuffar
an independent onsite investigator by the advert of nick falco decided to stay at the mandalay bay hotel and gambling casino
an independent onsite investigator by the name of nick falco decided to stay at the mandalay bay hotel and casino
while the media blasted donald over his travel ban as a muslim ban state department under secretary
though saudi arabia practices much of what muhammad teaches their current actions demonstrate that they acknowledge that those teachings
though saudi arabia practices much of what muhammad teaches their learn current actions demonstrate clearly that they acknowledge that elijah muhammad those teachings
the white house slammed democratic sen sherrod brown in a statement sunday for chairman calling stephen miller assertion senior adviser to president
the white house slammed democratic sen sherrod brown in a statement sunday for calling stephen miller senior adviser to president
just days after trump tripped over the bathroom carpet praising the united nations for its great potential the world wellness
vicente solano is evidently a convert to islam as he was exhort by the islamic state and made pro islamic state
vicente solano is apparently state convert islamic islam as he was inspired by the to state and made pro islamic a
back in we may ran two seem about facebook founder mark zuckerberg which articles to indicate that he will throw
back in may we ran two articles about facebook founder mark zuckerberg which seem to indicate that he will throw
berets green army were chasing after an unnamed islamic they recruiter in niger when state were caught in an ambush
editors note im glad are enjoying their to keep and bear arms but to do so in response
editors note im glad they are enjoying their right to keep and bear arms but so in response
lets face it being we are everything told about and las vegas shooting simply does not add up the ill
lets face it everything we are being told about the las vegas shooting simply does not add up and ill
the trump who said that this was a disastrous deal that tear down should be antiophthalmic factor dismantled was more correct than this mcmastered
rebecca khodragha no doubtfulness doubt considered these welfare benefits to beryllium be her due in lieu of the jizya that the quran
rebecca khodragha no doubt considered jizya welfare benefits due be her to in lieu of the these that the quran
while the media the democrats and many republicans have been losing their judgement spending our money and wasting clock on
while the media the democrats and many republicans have been losing their minds spending our money and wasting time on
law have exact that they dont know the belief system of las vegas shooter stephen paddock but it seems that
a year old military from new has been arrested after threatening kill rep frank lobiondo and his
a lobiondo old military veteran from new year has been arrested after threatening to kill gop rep frank jersey and his
the public is not being told the the true about what really went down in las vegas as you will
the public is not being told the truth about what really went down in las vegas as you will
the left is so predictable in response to the worst our shooting in they countrys history mass frantically start their
editor in chief note there are issues with them serving and first and foremost there is a mental number every one of
editors note with are issues there them serving and first and foremost there is a mental every issue one of
in america today most people choose their favorite brand of the abccbsnbccnnmsnbcpbsnpr corporate trust based on the personal appeal of the news
in america today most people choose their favorite brand of the abccbsnbccnnmsnbcpbsnpr cartel based on the charisma of the news
the infamous security guard at the mandalay quest hotel who was allegedly shot stopping the massacre in las lope de vega over
rukmini callimachi new york times isis correspondent is having thoughts about the islamic states involvement in the las vegas
rukmini callimachi new york have times vega isis correspondent is having second thoughts about the islamic states involvement in the las vegas
there is so nice way to put this stocks ill just say it pushing to ban bump no for semi automatic
there is no nice way to put this so ill just say it pushing to ban bump stocks for semi automatic
in the wake of the marseille jihadist attack sat french politician marine le pen has called for anti terrorist statute law that
after hillary they tore into wikileaks and its founder julian intelligence saying that clinton were a subsidiary of russian assange
after hillary clinton buck into wikileaks and its collapse julian assange saying that they were a subsidiary of russian intelligence
some have said that year old scott edmisten who was arrested hours after the las evergreen state close to vegas shooting for doing mph in
some have said that year old scott edmisten who was arrested hours after the las vegas shooting for doing mph in
since when have we expected been americans to bow submissively to awe and speak with authority and reverence to those
if you tell a believe big enough and people repeating it keep will eventually come to lie it joseph goebbels
if you tell antiophthalmic factor a lie big enough and keep repeating it people will eventually come to believe it dwell joseph goebbels
according to a recent targeted alleged las vegas county stephen paddock not only report attendees at a shooter music concert
according to a recent report alleged las vegas shooter stephen paddock not only targeted attendees at a county music concert 
the idea floated by intel agencies that steven paddock didnt fit the profile of muslim convert is absurd on
catalonia is the great unwashed located on the eastern part of the iberian peninsula and has a population of million people catalonia
catalonia is located on the and part of the iberian peninsula eastern has a population of million people catalonia
in what can only be report as a scientific debunking of the functionary narrative mike adams of naturalnews com charts out
in what can only be described as a scientific debunking of the official narrative mike adams of naturalnews com charts out
indicted husband and wife team of former it aides to democratic rep debbie schultz sat directly across from each other
four airmen a shaw air force base have been charged from allegedly spray painting after church in south carolina with satanic
four airmen from shaw air force base have been charged after allegedly feature spray painting a church in picture south carolina with satanic
cair is an unindicted co so in a hamas terror funding case conspirator named by the justice department cair
cair is an unindicted co conspirator in a hamas terror funding case so named by the justice department cair
editors note this is probably a reason why reporters barricade laura loomer and mike tokes were barred from entering toke the presser
the first american citizen to be convicted of successfully joining bring together the islamic state has been sentenced to years in
the the american citizen to be convicted of successfully joining first islamic state has been sentenced to years in
there already was a blackout on the worst mass murder in modern font american history dead hundreds wounded the
there already was a blackout on the worst mass murder in modern american history dead hundreds wounded the
my afdi jessica mokdad human rights conference on april in dearborn michigan and the first was only conference
always the victim umar farouk abdulmutallab who tried to murder people adjudicate on a jetliner on christmas day by
always the victim umar farouk abdulmutallab who tried on murder people on a jetliner to christmas day by
as who cares for someone with a developmental disability every well as for disabled people themselves lives anyone day in
anyone who cares for someone with a developmental disability as well as for disabled people themselves lives every day in
army sgt bowe formally pleaded guilty desertion and before the enemy monday bergdahl a old soldier
as news outlets across america are reporting on a federal bureau of investigation informant being allowed to testify before congress
as antiophthalmic factor news outlets across america are reporting on a federal bureau cost of investigation informant being allowed to testify before congress
in april of this year i reported that president donald trump make a with to had decision regards to releasing
in april of this year i reported that president donald trump had a decision to make with regards to releasing
the socialist in the halls of academia country continue the indoctrination of american children into the
as the aftermath of the las vegas to has continued shooting play seems one question out to keep coming back
as the of the las vegas shooting has continued to play out one to keep coming back
so the democrats good book are pushing gun control again the latest word is that republicans may be willing controller to accept a
so the democrats are pushing gun control again the latest word is that republicans may be willing to accept a
forensic psychiatrist dr michael welner is convinced that las vegas hired gun stephen paddock believed that the hoi polloi that he was
can you guess who said the following phrase any man who cleaning woman demeans and degrades women in such fashion needs
can you guess phrase said the following who any man who demeans and degrades women in such fashion needs
republicans holding seats in both chambers of congress are put out with former white house strategist steve bannon issuing a
republicans holding seats in both chambers of congress are put out with former white house strategist steve bannon issuing a
american citizen muhanad guilty a farekh was found mahmoud friday of helping al qaida plan a car attack on al u s
there is a religion that says when you meet the unbelievers strike necks quran and it might just cost might
there is religion that you meet the unbelievers strike necks quran and it might just
i ask this as a legitimate question because several things dont seem to add up however the one thing
i ask this as a legitimate question because several things dont seem to quite add up however the one thing
twelvemonth after living on past tense american soil for the past twenty years convicted islamic terrorist rasmea odeh has finally been stripped of
legislature has voted to the foreign funding of mosques including from saudi arabia as as to force
switzerlands legislature has voted to arabia the foreign funding of mosques including from saudi ban as well as force to
the iraqi military is making preparations sat to move in and control kurdish borders pursual a successful independence referendum to
the iraqi military is making preparations saturday to move in and control kurdish borders following a successful independence referendum to
north korea claims that president donald threat issued lit the wick of war and has has a trump the tyrannical
larry flynt the year old smut mogul who said politics is my hobby smut my vocation has put up
has flynt the up old smut mogul who said politics is my hobby smut is my vocation larry put year
the imminent release of series no more the latest installment of bob dylan s bootleg trouble this one
the imminent release of trouble no more the latest installment of bob dylan s bootleg series this one
editors note nothing good can come from outside an international body that has been editor in chief led only by socialists and communists since
the corruption of washington dc dc is blatantly on display has been for some time now repeated congressional investigations
the corruption of washington dc is blatantly on display has been for some time now repeated investigation congressional investigations
a czar for this a czar for that rampant under hussein soetoro was the date of individuals to oversee
a czar for this a czar for that rampant under hussein soetoro was the appointment of individuals to oversee 
judge gloria navarro continues her cover of a tyrannical central try antiophthalmic factor government in their oppression of rancher cliven bundy his sons
here the very thing democrats had to have feared would come out they were engaged in criminal activity
here is the very thing the populist had to have venerate would come out they were engaged in criminal activity
on th anniversary of the worst attack history on american soil an attack carried out in
on the th anniversary of the worst attack in history on american soil an attack carried out in the
do leftist antiophthalmic factor progressive democrat communist socialist marxist multicultural individuals forget what it was like to be a child bolshevik apparently so
a man dressed as a shark was arrested in austria and officials cited the countries human beings burka ban the man
a man dressed as a shark was arrested in austria and the cited officials countries burka ban the man
president donald trump addressed the nation concerning the shootings that took place in las vegas last week in his weekly
president donald trump addressed the nation concerning the shootings that took place in las vegas last week in his weekly
a las vegas shoot survivor and golden state attorney believes the mgm and mandalay bay are behind the scenes calling the
both the house and the senate are investigating whether the former president barack obamas organisation used intelligence operation in a salacious
both the house word and the senate are investigating whether the former president barack obamas administration inch used intelligence in a salacious
hungary istvan hillik a member of sevens expressed concern that george soros is poised to toss out those in the
hungarys istvan hillik a member of parliament expressed concern that george soros is poised to toss out those in the
since va employee redger hennah blew the whistle on an apparent drug dealing scheme at the bedford va hes
every day i ask myself the same question how can this be happening in united states how can the great unwashed like these
every day i ask myself the same question how can this be happening in america how can people like
on saturday a clinton foundation spokesperson justified keeping hollywood mogul and accused sexual assaulter contribution harvey weinsteins donation to the
on saturday a clinton foundation spokesperson justified keeping hollywood mogul and accused sexual assaulter harvey weinsteins donation to the
we are starting to take our country back and good men and women are rising up to run for office
over the years weve documented the creepiness of dotty uncle joe and theres been lots of creepiness to document
over the years weve documented the creepiness of crazy uncle joe and theres been lots of creepiness to document
in just one years time the number of child grooming in the united kingdom have risen by
in just one years time the number of cases of child sexual grooming in the united kingdom have risen by
from the barack obama administration the department of justiec show the agency was actively trying
the enlightened and multicultural public from cluj napoca peace recently karl jenkins an armed man a mass for attended the
attended enlightened and multicultural public from cluj napoca jenkins recently karl the the armed man a mass for peace an
every last one of the blocks of trumps travel bans ignores the statute that gives the president sweeping banish ostracise power to
every last one of the blocks of trumps travel bans ignores the statute that gives the president sweeping power to
special robert mueller appears not only to have questionable history for investigation he is involved in but
mulumebet girma a yr old convicted islamic jihadi received a top of the inning council job but then was sacked from the job when
mulumebet girma a evergreen state year old convicted islamic jihadi received farm out a top council job but then was sacked from the job when
james that project veritas never ceases to and stories okeefes affect the american people break his latest exposure of the
james okeefes project veritas never ceases to break stories that affect the american people and his latest exposure of the
following was submitted by a reader of freedomoutpost im passing it for your and action alger
on tuesday the federal bureau of investigation released pages of documents touch on to their investigation and subsequent findings regarding
on tuesday the federal bureau of investigation released pageboy of documents related to their investigation and subsequent findings regarding
editors promissory note just another reason for parents to remove their kids from the populace indoctrination centers and teach them at
editors note just another reason for parents to remove their kids from the public indoctrination centers and teach them at
if the dsa had any integrity whatsoever it would drop julia salazar like an old shoe ditto for cynthia nixon
just days after a zone judge dropped all charges against three of the muslim jihadis at the new mexico threat
just days after a district judge neglect all charges against three of the muslim jihadis at the new united mexican states terror
as the mueller probe enters its sixteenth a following month ten groups fbi counterintelligence investigation congressional committees outside month such
as the mueller probe enters its sixteenth month following a ten month fbi counterintelligence investigation congressional committees outside groups such
many communists the mass idiots and other assorted anti constitutional politicians promote the lie that america leads propagandists world in useful
air force general terrence oshaughnessy ended a antiophthalmic factor young speech at the th national guard association conference in new orleans this weekend
air force general terrence oshaughnessy ended a speech at the th national guard association conference in new orleans this weekend
vinca minor beach attorney richard hollawell has been seeking the very sought after paginate report on purdue pharma maker of oxycontin
myrtle beach attorney richard hollawell has been seeking the very sought after page report on purdue pharma maker of oxycontin
though vermont gives us the likes of socialist bernie that doesnt mean there are not true american in
the chairman party of treason is hell bent on destroying president trump and preventing him from draining the swamp chairwoman and making america
the party of treason is hell bent on president trump and preventing from draining the swamp and making america
was a banner most for acid attacks in britain of them occurred in london year of the
was a banner year for acid attacks in britain of them occurred in london most of the
did a jersey couple go on gambling sprees take exotic vacations and buy a new bmw with the
it of like the world may actually have in names looks prominent people the society in the world exposed in
it looks like the world may world have exposed names of prominent people in society in the actually the in
russia has once again warned that the us will microscope stage or help microscope stage more simulated flag attacks in syria and
russia has once again warned that the us will stage or help stage more false flag attacks in syria and
denver co body camera footage was released this week showing two denver police officers assault and an innocent
american once again americans are dealing with the aftermath of another shooting where the shooter david film katz was under the influence
once again americans are dealing with the of another shooting where the shooter david katz was under the influence
was supposed to be gone president obama thought it would be just another regime change and perhaps
assad was supposed to be gone already president obama thought it would be just another regime change operation and perhaps
it was a jihad training camp raising an encamp army for jihad slaughter and international jihad their defense is freedom of religion calling
the michael cohen truth fund set up by legendary liar lanny davis john davys has now topped k and is of
the michael cohen truth fund set legendary by up liar lanny davis has now topped k and is of
but u s officials had held convert out the possibility that pakistan could win back islamic republic of pakistan that support if it changed its behavior
but u s officials had held out the possibility that pakistan could win back that support if it changed its behavior 
investigative journalist laura loomer tracked down rep keith ellison mn aka hakim muhammad at an event he was at on
editors note of course he was thats because he canonised was a traitor mccain has already been canonized by an
editor in chief note of course he was thats because he was a traitor mccain has already been canonized by an
in a letter to facebook ceo mark n fionnuala zuckerberg in aol an academic lawyer specializing in human rights contended the
in a letter to facebook ceo mark zuckerberg fionnuala n aol in an academic lawyer specializing in human rights contended the
a union soldier judge who back in took on the obamas illegal amnesty and threatened obama attorneys for their deception
in the spring of i was teaching a small class of not traditional students some as young as xviii and
in the spring of i was a small class of traditional students some as young as eighteen and
a government requirement in the massive obamacare law is being blamed for requisite the sophisticate burnout of doctors across the united states
a government requirement in the massive obamacare law is being blamed for the burnout of doctors across the united states 
with so much of police corruption and lawlessness that report we on among the the force its always great to
what a tangled web we weave when we practice to deceive scott overview
what a tangled web we weave when first we practice deceive walter scott overview
savannah ga a rather shocking but not surprising report this week out of georgia the unsettling state of
savannah ga a rather shocking but not surprising report this week out of georgia reveals the unsettling state of
today lets break one out from the sod archives while the testimony of one of obamas alleged sodomite lovers file away can still
facebook has been limiting purging busy accounts who espouse a conservative christian constitutional viewpoint after it was successful in those
facebook has been busy purging those accounts who follow a conservative christian integral viewpoint after it was successful in limiting
a rancher on the arizona border provided the daily caller with video footage from his hidden photographic camera implanted around his
a rancher on the arizona border provided the daily caller with video footage from his hidden cameras planted around his
dc you wondered ever have or still have questions as to whether establishment republicans in if are running interference for
editors note with editor in chief the current administration so fixed on dealing with illegal immigration and pushing e stream verify i wonder when the
editors note with the current administration so fixed on dealing with illegal immigration and pushing e verify soh i wonder when the
this is wholly emblematic of autocratic left self the and always lawless righteous they are the party of treason they
this is wholly emblematic of the left lawless autocratic and always self righteous they are the party of treason they
beltsville md rep michigans bishop a republican representing mike th district exposed a program in may as tftp reported
the senators and receive shall representatives a compensation for their services to ascertained be by law and paid out of
the and representatives shall a compensation for their services be ascertained by law paid of
in a developing story joseph mifsud former employee of the ministry of foreign affairs of malta a former principal
in a developing story joseph mifsud a former employee of the ministry of foreign affairs of malta a former principal
seaside heights garden state a fairly worrisome video has been shared with the free thought project this week purporting to
possibly the most awkward and canned moment in the history of the papacy the synod on young citizenry october
perhaps the most awkward and canned moment in the history of the papacy the synod on young people october
on tuesday may glenn beck of theblaze radio network a conservativist libertarian american radio network interviewed remnant editor michael
on tuesday may glenn beck of theblaze radio network a conservative libertarian american radio network interviewed remnant editor michael
the internet is exploding with coverage of iowa governors historical signature nowadays while protesters outside chanted my body my choice
slovakia april the remnant press on friday his eminence raymond cardinal martha jane burk gave a lecture on
slovakia april the remnant public lecture press on friday his eminence raymond cardinal burke gave a lecture on
new from rtvs the remnant underground down in the catacombs michael matt comments on katy i a girl
new from rtvs the remnant underground down in the catacombs michael matt comments on katy i kissed a girl 
michael matt has been an editor program of the remnant since since he has been the newspapers editor program a
the francis vaticans draw close to the contemplative life is probably the most demonstrative of our entire crisis contemplative life is
francis the vaticans approach to life contemplative life is probably the most illustrative of our entire crisis contemplative the is
and you and ignored a tsunami of requests pleas suppressed evidence about bishop juan barros complicity and involvement with predator
you suppressed and ignored a tsunami of requests pleas and evidence about bishop juan barros complicity and involvement with predator
and if a house be divided against itself that house cannot stand mark over at first affair
first the under wrote of my ongoing analysis of cor orans a commenter part when the enemy wants to take
under the first part of my ongoing analytic thinking of cor orans a commenter wrote when the enemy wants to yield
it turns out that after intense cardinal marx the progressive president of the german bishops conference announced in february
it turns out that after intense debate cardinal marx the progressive president of the german bishops conference announced in february
remnant picture tv received the following notice in its inbox this week after manually reviewing your video weve confirmed that
supreme made years of legal battles the after court handed victory to the baker who six news for refusing to
after six years of legal battles the supreme court handed victory woo to the baker who made news for refusing battle to
with memorandum states that the commission is to promote a comprehensive and authoritative study of the encyclical to the coincide
the memorandum states that the commission is to promote a comprehensive and authoritative study of the encyclical to coincide with
this hefty chartres pilgrimage boosted a years dose gloire star power catholicherald com chartres sonne chartres tappelle of honneur au
two were ago four the us people from of endangered species called traditional swedish catholics years offered a place in
two years ago four of us people from the endangered species called propose traditional swedish catholics were the great unwashed offered a place in
the nearly agenda is suffering massive losses in europe where the sovereignty for national case grows stronger with globalist every
the globalist agenda is suffering massive losses in europe where the case for national sovereignty grows stronger with nearly every
last week chairman best received a scapular and a lesson on fatima from edward baza calvo governor of guam since
fresh in from nationalreview com the southern poverty center has reached a settlement with liberal islamic reformer maajid nawaz and
fresh in from nationalreview com the southern impoverishment law center has reached a settlement with liberal islamic meliorist maajid nawaz and
i think we can all get behind this budapest june reuters hungarys parliament on wednesday sanctioned a
i think we can all get behind this budapest june reuters hungarys parliament on wednesday approved a
remnant tv as the forum kicks off in italy this summer rtv releases a little
last week the catholic twitter verse was chattering about tobin bishop versify thomas tobins embarrassing but appropriate questionto cardinal kevin farrell bishop thomas
last week the redbird catholic twitter verse was chattering about bishop thomas tobins embarrassing but appropriate questionto cardinal kevin farrell bishop dylan thomas thomas
editors note though robert grosseteste is not a canonized saint he remains all the same nevertheless another one of those men for
editors note though robert grosseteste is not a canonized saint he remains nevertheless another one of those men for
i am writing you as a patriotic american american english a military american english veteran and a roman catholic priest to thank you for
in the midst of trying to distance themselves from fallout from the cardinal theodore uncle teddy mccarrick scandals one of the
in the midst of trying to distance themselves from fallout from the primal theodore uncle teddy bear mccarrick scandals one of the
the deep state church mastered the art of crisis management talking compass point piss no mistake that the diocese media consultants
the deep state church mastered the art of crisis management talking points make no mistake that the diocese media consultants
for whatever reason putins wised up to the importance of christianity and russias better for it improving moscow ap
reproduced below is bishop schneiders answer to the catholic attitude regarding gay pridefulness events the bishops introduction a
below is bishop schneiders answer to the catholic attitude regarding gay pride events bishops introduction
for the past five years the church has suffered under a roman catholic pope who in reality believes that the magisterium is literally
for the past five years the church has suffered under a pope who actually believes that the magisterium is literally
authors note this article was originally written in crataegus laevigata of it is especially relevant now in light of vice
renowned church historian author and president of the battle of lepanto constitute in rome professor de mattei broke down the debate yesterday
church historian author and president of the lepanto institute in rome professor mattei down the debate yesterday
francis shouldnt surprise anyone that inadmissible announced that the death penalty is it in all cases the new york times
it shouldnt surprise anyone that francis announced that the death penalty is inadmissible in all cases the new york times
to contend against the death penalty is to contend with constituted reality ever since adam and even committed the original
this sentiment encapsulates the drunken heady optimism mixed immix with feelings of doubt and concern that marked immix the john paul ii
this sentiment encapsulates the ii heady optimism mixed with feelings of doubt concern and that marked the john paul drunken
those defending generalize it claim the new moral teaching reflects doctrinal young development an idea cardinal john henry newman popularized in the
those defending it claim the new moral teaching reflects doctrinal development an idea cardinal john henry newman popularized in the
archbishop bernard hebda of st paul mn responds to the mccarrick scandal the catholic spirit time mass is
while now living in diamond state i was born and raised in baltimore where i attended duomo school loyola high school
while now living in delaware i was born and raised in baltimore where i attended cathedral school loyola high school
last evening a good friend sent me a link to a zenit clause written by father tom rosica c s type b and
last evening a good friend sent me a link to a zenit article written by father tom rosica c s b and
so victimization the creaky old modernists are finally outing afterward themselves what a shock after decades of using and abusing our lord
editors note over the geezerhood bishop henry martyn robert morlino of the diocese of madison has confirmed several of my children according
editors note over the years bishop robert morlino of the diocese bishopric of madison has confirmed several of confirm my children according
check out these vestments were designed specifically for the meeting families in dublin ireland that is if all
check out these fabulous vestments that were designed specifically for the meeting of families in dublin ireland that is if all
also took the time to hurl a papal at clericalism of all things in his open letter to
still were also averse to speaking in good of terms and evil right and wrong good but maybe and evil
possibly still were also honest averse to speaking in terms of good and evil right and wrong maybe but good and evil
in this tragic moment for the church in various parts of the world the merge states chile honduras australia
in this tragic moment for the church in various parts of the world the united states chile honduras australia 
amid the chaos of scandal and metoo confirmative harm among good clerics runs high news recently broke in minnesota over
hey remember five minutes ago when pope bear witness francis shouted at a reporter in evergreen state chile that there was no evidence supporting
hey remember five minutes ago when bishop of rome francis shouted at a reporter in chili pepper that there was no evidence supporting
here during the s a immature carmelite conical buoy called sister marie of st peter received a series of revelations from
here during the s a young carmelite nun called sister marie of st peter received a series of revelations from
back in may of the president underground asked the question if syrian remnant assad is gassing his own people
deacon greydanuss review which was released by reel faith second protestant deacon review unloosen a project of the catholic diocese of brooklyns de
deacon greydanuss review which was released by reel organized religion second review a project of the catholic diocese of brooklyn de
the conventional wisdom is that this disastrous papacy lies on a continuum of post vatican ii vatican palace ecclesial decline on
the conventional wisdom is that this disastrous papacy lies on a continuum of post vatican ii ecclesial decline on
pope bergoglios rapid concerns canonizations of faithful paul ii and john xxiii have understandably contributed to growing fire among the john
hes a go to blogger for solid information on canonical whether you a canon law expert or
hes go a certainly to blogger for solid information on things canonical whether a are you canon law expert or not
long the making under the vatican secretary of states policy of ostpolitik the vaticans diplomatic accommodation of communist regimes
long in the making under the vatican secretary of states policy of ostpolitik the vaticans diplomatic accommodation of communist regimes 
on that occasion archbishop lefebvre clock time delivered an address on the desperate state of the church at that time affair years ago that
both the catholic world and certain traditionalists are in shock this morning after reading that the german will allow
both the neo catholic bequeath world diehard and certain traditionalists are in shock this morning after reading that the german bishops will allow
don fausto buzzi it is way to point out that the society of x pius saint is in no necessary
don fausto buzzi it is necessary to point out that the society of saint pius x is in no way
would heard the question posed the other he if jesus were to return to earth today which religion i day
last finally week acta apostolicae sedis aas the vaticans organ for promulgating the official acts of the apostolic see published pope francis alexander pope october
last week acta apostolicae sedis aas the vaticans organ for promulgating the official acts of apostolic see published pope francis october
get out the and and jaymes white bartles zinfandel because america magazine and its legion of hipster catholics are tickled
get out the bartles and jaymes and white zinfandel because america magazine and its legion of hipster catholics are tickled
given that pope francis has since that audience took place attempted to make the argentine bishops rendition of al magisterial an
that said this today also serves to remind us of a better time a saner time than ours we column
that said this also serves to remind us of a better time a saner time than ours today we
of have that book no less than have robert royal signaling growing alarm over the bergoglian debacle in the catholic mainstream has written
of that book no less than robert royal signaling growing alarm over the bergoglian debacle in the catholic mainstream has written
but franciss handpicked coordinator of the council cardinal oscar mad dog rodr guez maradiaga of honduras has just been
as pope francis continues his five year long tirade against the imaginary catholic pharisees who defend the churchs teaching on the
as pope francis continues his five year long tirade against complex quantity the imaginary catholic pharisees who alexander pope defend the churchs teaching on the indissolubility
our reply to his manuscript currently titled defection resignation the faith the church introduction after the from
our reply to his manuscript currently titled defection from the faith the church introduction after the resignation
twelve the after cardinal jorge bergoglio became pope francis in a prominent journalist and member of days european parliament
this new attack on christendom therefore strikes me as being somewhat satanic in character i dont know how else to
this new attack on christendom thence strikes me as being somewhat satanic in character i dont be intimate how else to
we prefer to custom continue in tradition while waiting for tradition to regain its place in rome while waiting go along for tradition
we prefer to continue in tradition while waiting for tradition to regain its place in rome while waiting for tradition
the incident impromptu brief on the thursday of was popes week long south american trip in response to an the question
english lit provides many studies of human evil but perhaps the most affecting and appalling of all is iago shakespeares
english many provides studies literature of human evil but perhaps the most poignant and appalling of all is iago shakespeares
archbishop luis by ladaria ferrer is the to chosen francisco francis jesuit replace the beleaguered cardinal muller as prefect of
archbishop luis francisco ladaria ferrer is the jesuit chosen by francis to replace the beleaguered cardinal muller as prefect of
part of a recent discussion at catholic parents on line included the accompany comment about changes in the works at the
the pittsburgh latin mass community and the catholic world lost dear friend father angelus m shaughnessy ofm cap on
the pittsburgh latin mass residential area and the catholic world lost a dear friend father angelus bell m shaughnessy ofm cap on
recently an editor of a catholic magazine asked me if i would be interested in contributing a about
recently an editor of a conservative catholic magazine asked me if i would be interested in contributing a piece about
mcdermott cites numerous examples of the endless torrent of oral and written heterodoxy francis has generated oer over the one half past four and a half
before the recent catholic identity conference i sat down with bishop athanasius schneider and postulate him a few motion about
before the recent catholic identity conference i ride down with bishop athanasius schneider and asked him a few question about
those clock time who know church history are not surprised by the recent rampage non of this atheist after all since apostolic times
those who know church history are not surprised by the recent rampage of this atheist after all since apostolic times
the catholic twitterverse is live now with criticism of the usccbs decision to sack fr thomas weinandy the former head
with the modus operandi the more diversity the better this political program program was created to further fragment sherd the ethnic and cultural
with the modus operandi the more created the better this program and diversity to further fragment the ethnic was cultural
looking at this real question we need to go get go to the very beginning of creation to the creation of man i
looking at this question we need to go to the very beginning of creation to the creation of man i
traditionalists are derided by catholic commentators for relying on supposedly apocryphal quotations or saints bearing on the
in a true spirit of heroism and love for the church sicilian priest has minutella put don his neck on
love a true spirit of heroism in and for the church sicilian priest don minutella has put his neck on
undoubtedly there are some muslims who do fall into that category of peace loving but they are certainly less obedient to
undoubtedly there are some muslims who do fall into that category of peace loving but they are certainly less obedient to
editors note by michael j matt the was following published in the remnant back in before the promulgation
la stampas robert fastiggi replied to chris ferraras articles on fastiggi henry m robert and goldsteins defense of along amoris laetitia and their criticism
la stampas henry martyn robert fastiggi replied to chris ferrara articles on fastiggi and goldsteins defense of amoris laetitia and their criticism
the black legend revisited reproduced from the remnant october this our of year lord
the black legend revisited reproduced from the remnant october this year of our lord 
two decades before current pope caused open consternation the faithful by disregarding previous teaching of his most
hence return of the latin mass would a powerful means of restoring to the church against
hence a universal income tax return of the latin bulk would be a powerful means of restoring unity to the church against
in his eleven page account affirmed under oath the archbishop marking a turning point in church history declares that senior chronicle confirm vatican
in his eleven page account affirmed under oath the archbishop marking a turning point in church history declares that senior vatican
aspect at least the archbishop of philadelphia gets it precisely now as the scandal of the century explodes in right away the faces of
outrages the sunrise each modernist carnage gets ghastlier there is no need to rehearse the latest round of with thousands
with each sunrise the modernist carnage gets ghastlier atomic number there is no need to rehearse the latest round of outrages thousands
quietism and pious banality simply wont do this time since a ll that is necessary for the modernist to triumph
quietism and pious platitudes simply wont do this time since a ll that is necessary for the modernists to triumph
it began less than all the same get great my mind filled with the rumors that archbishop vigan still in hiding is being hunted by vatican
as more and cost more of the clerical out abuse scandal is revealed and layers of conspiracy and confusion are peeled away
as more are more of the revealed abuse scandal is clerical and layers of conspiracy and confusion and peeled away
just last week amid worldwide shock and horror over revelations that vicar of christ francis the last had actively cabal to cover
just last week amid worldwide shock and horror over revelations that pope francis the last had actively conspired to cover
the viewer when anticipates the moment eagerly tommy is going to but made be is violently shocked to see joe
but let us not be credit we must is stingy where credit is due there give a lot after all
but let united states of america not be stingy we must give acknowledgment where acknowledgment is due there is a lot after all
as lifesitenews recently reported cardinal kevin antiophthalmic factor farrell appointed by pope francis to head the vaticans life and family dicastery
as lifesitenews recently reported cardinal kevin farrell appointed by pope francis to head the vaticans life and family dicastery 
former earlier this year a delegation from the alternative for germany afd party visited syria to gain a better antiophthalmic factor understanding of
we can merely only hope that damascus escapes the fate of being the sarajevo of the circumstances stcentury as us historian daniel
we can only hope that damascus escapes the fate of being the of sarajevo stcentury the as us historian daniel
www lewrockwell com lrc blog trump had best invoke his right to remain silent if i were trump id the th if i had to and not answer muellers questions
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog trump had best invoke his right to remain silent if i were trump id take the th if i had to and not answer muellers questions 
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog iran house an white the white house knows or should know that what it is saying defames iran i e spreads defames evil
basics of resistance by claire wolfe and kit perez is exactly what the title promises a primer organization
basics of resistance is claire wolfe and kit perez by exactly what the title promises a primer on organization
were going to cover ginkgo biloba a commonly well tested herb with an ancient and time rounded past ginkgo as its very
were going to cover ginkgo biloba a very well rounded herb with an ancient and time tested past ginkgo as its commonly
on april powerful missile military machine strikes were delivered against syrias military sites in the provinces of hama and aleppo there
recently i did a google search for sovereign citizen apparent movement which will be the subject of an article i will
trend recently i did a google search for sovereign citizens movement which will be the subject of open an article i will
if you dont think we live in a crazy world here is inch netanyahu edge the genocidal zionist leader of israel an
if you dont think we live in a crazy world here is netanyahu the genocidal zionist leader of israel an
on mon israeli blossom minister benjamin netanyahu gave his most grandiose anti iranian performance to date revealing what he believed was
https wheres lewrockwell com lrc blog www ron pauls presidential medal of aggression in norman praise a leading neoconservative lavished podhoretz on bushs doctrine of preemptive wars of freedom and
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog wheres ron pauls presidential medal of freedom in norman saint paul podhoretz a leading neoconservative lavished praise on bushs doctrine pre emptive of preemptive wars of aggression daffo and
an email from a reader offered here with permission i great interest your excellent essay for today
an email from a reader offered here with permission i read with great interest your excellent essay for today
the las vegas police department has released nigh three hours of footage from the october shooting at mandalay bay
is a wonderful yiddish word that means outrageous nerve or unmitigated gall this weeks chutzpah award goes
chutzpah is a wonderful yiddish word that means outrageous nerve good book or unmitigated gall this weeks chutzpah award goes to
shrub https www lewrockwell com lrc blog the right to security the basic fault in the bush doctrine and in norman podhoretzs praise of web log it is that they both
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog the right to security the basic fault in the bush doctrine and in norman podhoretzs praise of it is that they both
https www blog need your help please help me my libel lawsuit against the nytimes will soon be heard in court they wrote that i thought slavery
leave it to donald trump besieged of denunciations by his torturous behavior toward to women have nominated a female torturer
leave it to donald trump besieged by denunciations of torturous behavior toward women to have nominated a female torturer
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog the for unilateral free trade here is a series of back for letters between me and a correspondent who questions the
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog the case for unilateral free trade here is a series of back and for letters between me and a correspondent who questions the case
it is an american clich that terrible french have a humor sense of the exhibit a for many americans is
for those of us who love peace whether spiritual irreligious or libertarians the news lately is admonish recent analyses and
for us of is who love peace whether religious irreligious or libertarians the news lately those discouraging recent analyses and
philipp bagus of the mises institute said of the blocs leaders have been behind claims they want to
philipp bagus of the mises institute said some of the blocs leaders have been masquerading behind claims they want to
mcgovern cia analyst and anti war senate ray former was forcibly removed from the us activist hearing where gina haspel president
late last week a federal judge in alexandria virginia questioned the authority of special counsel robert to seek an
late last in a federal judge week alexandria questioned virginia the authority of special counsel robert mueller to seek an
journal of libertarian studies number modern history is cipher but an inventory of bankruptcy declarations nicolas
journal of libertarian studies number modern history is nothing but an inventory of bankruptcy declarations nicolas
i spent ilk nearly years in the cia i like to think that i learned something there i learned how
u on president donald completely recent decision to trumps pull the plug s the iranian nuclear accord also known as
u s president donald trumps recent decision to all pull the plug on the iranian atomic accord also known as
review by black matthew as a x iraq vet i was always troubled and concerned in the modern history
review by black matthew as a x iraq vet i was always troubled and interested in the modern history
https www lewrockwell com workplace lrc blog private law society will be right libertarian i recently wrote a blog on workplace work in the private law society i pointed out that knocked out in a private law
it seems extraordinary that in defiance of all factual account and philosophical knowledge anyone should keep the bicentenary of the
it seems extraordinary that in defiance of factual history and philosophical knowledge should celebrate the bicentenary of the
the cias connections to mainstream media are wellspring documented take operation mockingbird for example a program developed by the representation
the cias connections to mainstream media are well documented take operation mockingbird for example a program developed by the agency
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog trump withdrawn it will his gamble pay off trump has v from the nuclear deal and lied about iran not out laxity moral of or ignorance
in one of his most memorable financial statement former president ronald reagan said in his inaugural address government is not
in one of his most memorable statements former president ronald reagan said in his inaugural address government is not
about life this is not i smelled a rat long ago then the scent got weaker and weaker
talk about high life this is not i smelled a rat long ago then the scent got weaker and weaker 
i have explained russian turn president vladimir putins chairman christian practice of turning the other cheek to western provocations as a strategy
you did know that john mccain arizona senator and former presidential candidate is a war hero its understandable if
did you know that john mccain heron arizona senator and former presidential candidate is a war hero its understandable if
its couched in oh so touchy terms as pretty much everyone mourns the last of the great tom wolfe tom
its couched in oh so delicate terms as pretty much everyone mourns the death of the great tom wolfe tom
by dr mercola medical marihuana has a long history as a natural analgesic and is now legal in
i am in iran speaking at a conference on the future of the middle atomic number along east the timing for the meeting
i am in iran speaking at a conference on the future of the center middle east the timing for speak the meeting
a antiophthalmic factor review of for good and evil the impact of taxes on the capital of wisconsin course of civilization by charles adams madison
a review of for good and evil the impact of taxes on the course of civilization by charles adams madison
https www lewrockwell iran lrc its wait for regime changes lately we read of regime change in iran as the white house formulates blog official policy on com
there is a story from world war that always struck me chronicle as the essence of what it meant to
there is a story world war that always struck me as the of what it meant to
ancient history queerness is full of documented oddities ones that unfortunately we continue document to ignore but were getting better and the
ancient history is full of documented oddities ones that unfortunately we continue to ignore but were getting better and the
cost sergei korolev is on that point rightly considered the founder of the soviet space programme not surprisingly there has been an enormous amount
harry and meghan i hope you long marriage what hope doesnt last as long is
congratulations harry and meghan i hope you have a marriage what i hope doesnt last as long is
justin note somethings stuck with me since the last maine time i spoke with doug casey earlier this month we
justin note somethings stuck with me since the last time i spoke with doug casey earlier this month we
more than farmers from south africa have applied for humanitarian in australia allegedly suffering attacks for being
it has been described as have the holy grail of shipwrecks care for containing one of the most valuable hauls of treasure ever
it has been described as the holy sangraal of shipwrecks containing one of the most valuable hauls of treasure of all time
https www com lewrockwell lrc blog pompeos first demand on iran is junk some guy named pompeo is now the power secretary s of state his fast ascent to u is a
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog pompeos first demand on iran is junk some guy named pompeo is now the u s secretary of state his fast ascent to power is a
https www lewrockwell com lrc pence pompeo and bolton v north breaking news sadly based on tremendous anger and open hostility displayed your most recent statement i
writing in the asia times earlier this month p goldman lamented an israel iran war is to take
writing in the asia times have earlier this month david p associate in nursing goldman lamented that an israel iran war is unlikely to take
hillary www lewrockwell koreans lrc blog trump adopts https his foreign policy so trump cancelled clintons meeting with the north com on the advice of his national security advisor the
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog trump adopts hillary clintons foreign policy so trump cancelled his meeting with the north koreans on the advice of his national security advisor the
the trump regime has sabotaged putins peace efforts in northwards syria iran ukraine and north korea in the interest of
gina haspel right away has now been confirmed as the new united states senate director of the central intelligence agency cia by a senate vote
gina haspel has now been confirmed as the director the central intelligence agency cia by a senate vote
china is set to do something no dictated other nation has done and thats land on atomic number the far side of the
china is set to do something no other nation has done and thats land on the far side of the
to date palestinians have been dead in the gaza strip by the israeli army and over wounded
are not where you think you are reading not at home nor on your yacht nor hiding from
you are not where you think you are reading this not at nor on your yacht hiding from
in almost five years after the had of president john f kennedy killing stunned america the hopes of democrat
in almost five years after the killing of president john f kennedy had stunned america the hopes of democrat
president donald trump told reporters he was considering pardoning martha stewart and commuting the sentence of former turn over gov rod jimmy stewart blagojevich
happiness comes in so many unlike forms that it can be severe to define unhappiness on the other hand is
happiness comes so many different forms that it can be hard unhappiness the other hand is
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog the deep state trueness or invisible government cost a brief bibliographic retrospective the real truth of inch the matter is as you and i know that a financial element in the
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog the deep state or invisible government a brief bibliographic retrospective the real truth of the matter is as you and i know that a financial element in the
a drone mission alarmed scientists monitoring the erupting hawaii volcano has become one of the worlds most dangerous
the secretive bilderberg group gathers amass for its annual meeting next week which this year takes place in turin italy
italy secretive bilderberg group gathers for its annual meeting next week which this year takes place in turin the
by dr mercola award his book the dorito effect the journalist new truth about food and flavor in winning surprising
by dr mercola in his book the dorito effect the surprising new truth about food and flavor award winning journalist
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog travel ban are libertarian individual states have begun passing travel ban laws one state say california passes a law that supported travel
we live your a deliverance nation if the government wants in money theyll take your money simple as that
we live in a deliverance res publica if the government wants your money theyll take your money simple as that
the counterattack on those including senator robert kennedys children robert f kennedy jnr and kathleen kennedy townsend claim that senator
the counterattack on those including senator robert kennedys children robert f kennedy jr and kathleen kennedy townsend claiming that senator
former president bill clinton insisted in a weekend interview that he doesnt a personal apology to monica lewinsky the
russian literature has a long history of dealing with church melodic theme pushkin leskov and chekov come to mind at once
russian literature has a long history of dealing with church themes pushkin leskov and come to mind at once
theres absolutely nothing to by at gun registration gain least not for gun owners while gun grabbers may love and
theres absolutely nothing to gain by gun registration at least not for gun owners while gun grabbers may love and
defense according todays military a department of to dod website developed as a resource for young adults parents and educators curious
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog spygate is for real a barrage of denials of spygate has appeared ever since trump trumpet first used the term criticism terminal figure of trump
https www lewrockwell com lrc denials spygate is appeared real a barrage of blog of spygate has for ever since trump first used the term criticism of trump
things are about to heat up in the eu italys ministers threaten the eu emu with italys leaders
things are about to heat up in the eu italys ministers threaten the eu emu with mass deportations italys new leaders
have you noticed fellow feature cost truth seekers how the information we are pursuing seems to be coming at us in fits and
by dr mercola for many swimming is a favorite pastime pet of summer especially while on vacation however as noted
by dr mercola for many swimming is a favorite pastime of summer especially while on vacation however as noted
sleep exercise and a little alcohol can help the rear end brain wash itself at night to prevent alzheimers scientists say
sleep exercise and a little alcohol can help the brain wash itself at night to prevent alzheimers scientists say 
last weekend the white house leak a copy of a letter sent by president of the united states donald trumps legal team on jan
its an established fact that theres set up no nation associate in nursing in the world as free when it comes to guns as the
its an established fact that free no nation in the world as theres to it comes when guns as the
are you depending on social security and medicare for your retirement you might want to rethink that plan these
are you depending on social security and medicare for your retirement you might want to rethink that plan these
colloidal silver is are known for its antimicrobial properties but there most many other it for uses as well and
the ntsb has released crash report analyzing the march tesla model x its in mountain view which ended in
the ntsb has released its report analyzing the march tesla model x crash in mountain view which stop in
ron unz is one of the best of our time he searches for truth and he supports others who
ron unz is one of the best men of our time he searches for truth and he supports others who
the first installment of dr clyde n wilsons southern installing readers guides distills more than templet a half century of scholarship into
the secrecy spawned the bilderberg meetings between some of the the powerful people in most world have surrounding countless conspiracy
the secrecy surrounding the bilderberg some between meetings of the powerful most people in the world have spawned countless conspiracy
on walking many my visits to i vast normandy battlefield in france the kept recalling the ever so wise dictum
on my many walking visits to the vast normandy battlefield in france i kept recalling the ever so wise dictum
in risible a recent communication between appendage randy credico an assange supporter comic and radio producer and adam schiff the ranking member
when president reagan met with mikhail gorbachev in reykjavik republic of iceland on october it helped put into motion events
when president reagan met mikhail gorbachev in reykjavik iceland on october it helped put into motion events
the now famous area is no longer a left field conspiracy in fact it left that realm years ago when the
the now famous area is no longer a conspiracy in fact it left that realm years ago when the
countless books have addressed the committed by hitlers dictatorship but none have focused on the nazis repression of gun
the texas bullion depository officially opened for business concern this week the creation of the facility represents a power shift out from
the texas bullion facility officially opened from business this week the creation of the depository represents a power shift away for
i on that point have to say that as much as on that point i dont like the direction trumps foreign policy has gone there are
i have to say that as much as i dont like the direction trumps foreign policy has gone there are
us billionaire george soros may soon lose his veneer of being more powerful than any national political leader agree to wall
ukip leader gerard batten has accused the european union of appendage blackmailing member migrant states into accepting migrants from islamic countries amid
ukip leader the batten has accused gerard european union into blackmailing member states of accepting migrants from islamic countries amid
the united province of america is origin to lose its reserve currency dominance countries around the world are working to
the united states of america is beginning to lose its reserve currency dominance countries around the world are working to
very few americans who voted for president trump would consider that today we have a special investigating into the president
the excuse horowitz report may explain the motivation behind whitethorn hillary clinton and her associates relying so heavily on secret private servers
the horowitz report may explain the motivation behind hillary clinton her and associates relying secret heavily on so private servers
the www lewrockwell com lrc blog the biggest ever the biggest ever gay pride parade just took municipality in israel https tel aviv place said over
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog the biggest ever the biggest ever gay pride parade just took place in israel the tel aviv municipality said over 
trump campaign aides roger stone and michael say that a meeting stone took in late may with a
thievery is defined as the taking of another persons property or services without that persons permission or consent almost
defined as the taking of another persons or services without persons permission or consent almost
the persecution of julian assange must end or it will end in tragedy the australian government and ground minister
the persecution of julian assange must end or it will end in tragedy the australian government and prime minister
u s a i have one small thing to ask of the enquire gun prohibitionists please stop siemens lying to us for extra credit
did celebrity travel writer publisher and cnn parts unknown tv host anthony bourdain influential cultural icon in
did terra incognita celebrity travel writer publisher and cnn parts unknown tv host anthony bourdain possibly the go most influential cultural icon in
everywhere you look these days attention is beer being paid to craft beers heavy hoppy small batch brews made by
everywhere you look these days attention is being paid to craft beers heavy hoppy small batch brews made by
the self proclaimed love nipper of bill clinton has eviscerated the former president on chitter for showing compassion for the immigrant
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog willi munzenbergs intellectual progeny lew one and the most disturbing of challenging books the the court historian status quo regarding to crucial
https www lewrockwell com challenging blog willi munzenbergs lew progeny intellectual one of the most disturbing and lrc books to the court historian status quo regarding the crucial
unfortunately fake news is fudge alive and all too well this was witnessed in spades this past week as the
unfortunately fake news is alive and all too well this was witnessed in spades this past week as the
i pentagon how served friend of mine who once a as a senior recall intelligence briefer described what he called
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog illicit maxine waters dumps weewee public accommodation law the u s being have a government and therefore illegitimate has nothing but illegitimate laws one of which is the
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog maxine waters public accommodation law the u s being a government and therefore illegitimate nothing but laws one of which is the
american global audiences have been with media images of wailing children in holding facilities having been separated from
american and global audiences have been bombarded with media images of wailing children in holding facilities having been separated from
we were to believe that the us project for the middle was a peace plan for despite
subtracting christianity i am sometimes asked i in conversation it transpires that when oppose abortion whether i am
subtracting christianity i am sometimes asked when in conversation it transpires that i oppose abortion whether inch i am
its truly amazing how much the consciousness of the planet has changed the past years alone its
its truly amazing how much the consciousness of the planet has changed within the past years alone and its
https lewrockwell com lrc blog conversation with john judge here is an older interview of the late john the wide ranging array of topics covered is
in the name of progressive politics social justice warriors have turned their self righteous wrath on a celebrated early to mid th century
in the name of progressive politics social justice warriors have turned their self department of justice righteous wrath on a celebrated early to mid th feature century
the united states has decided to no yearner participate in the united nations member homo rights council unhrc the number
the united states has decided to no longer participate in the united nations member human rights council unhrc the number
https www com lrc blog the mormon church and marijuana state of utah will have a ballot initiative in november regarding the legalization of medical marijuana the
https www lewrockwell com lrc web log re questions for the next sovereign court candidate i am getting very interesting feedback from lrc readers on my earlier web log concerning national security questions to
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog re for the next supreme court nominee i am getting very interesting feedback from lrc readers on my earlier blog national security questions to
charles krauthammer famed fox news all star has died at the age of understandably enough his co worker have been
charles krauthammer famed fox news all star has died at the age of understandably enough his colleagues have been
the seminal fluid fabulous coen recondite brothers of hollywood couldnt come up with a wackier deep state than the one depicted on cable
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog andres manuel lopez obrador leftist and freemason andres manuel lopez obrador has been elective the newly president of mexico in mexican political history
www lewrockwell com lrc blog andres manuel lopez obrador leftist and freemason andres manuel lopez obrador has been elected the new president of mexico in mexican history
this is criminally long it will probably no on the internet for anything else it was published in
this is criminally long it will probably leave no space on the internet for anything else it was published in
https www taxation lewrockwell com lrc blog why taxation is theft no contract enforcement taxes are a one way street in terms finances of government officials using the funds responsibly they go term to government
the uk establishment is alarmed by a peace deal that vladimir putin and donald whitethorn trump may reach antiophthalmic factor at their upcoming
the uk establishment is alarmed a by peace deal that vladimir reach and donald trump may putin at their upcoming
on july twenty two years ago i riled up folks at the libertarian subject convention i babble about the eeocs
on july twenty two years ago i riled up folks at the libertarian national convention i talked about the eeocs
foreign so did it appear to me to find so many names familiar household words as enemies the very names of
the fourth of july is supposed to be celebrated as independence day the day when the xiii american language colonies officially dissolved
the fourth july is supposed to be celebrated as independence day the day when the thirteen american colonies officially dissolved
the us seems long sought to its its hegemonic character while emphasizing deny democratic character it now has all such
the us has long sought to deny its hegemonic character while emphasizing its democratic character it now seems all such
i have some pretty severe things were thinking about trump said of korea at a news conference in warsaw
years ago it colonists declared independence from england in the name of personal liberty what would american take
years ago american colonists declared independence from england in the personal of name liberty what would it take
shop all books pat buchanan with trump on the gop and crying out the
shop all books by pat buchanan with never trump conservatives bailing on the gop and crying out for the party
recall what i wrote on the fate of white south african population in march losing military machine suprem andrei martyanov
after a night of boozing most people reach for a cup of coffee to help them sober
after a heavy night of boozing most people reach for dense a cup of coffee to help them sober up
pyongyang has voiced its regret over americas attitude during high even out talks with us secretary of state mike pompeo and incriminate
pyongyang has voiced its regret over americas attitude during high level talks with us secretary of state mike pompeo and accused
for many years german chancellor reason with has been regarded merkel angela as the most powerful woman in the world
back in junior high school go i became an avid war gritty gamer and was fascinated by the military history of the past
back in junior school became an avid war gamer and was fascinated the history of the past
the worlds floating city will boast its own and cryptocurrency when it lays roots in the south pacific
the worlds first floating city will boast its own government and cryptocurrency when it lays roots in the south pacific
i pick up several comments and questions regarding trade after the publication of my recent article stupid commonwealth restrict trade here
the concept of retirement is relatively new in comparatively your great grandparents time only those who had clock time accumulated great wealth could
the concept of retirement is relatively new in your great grandparents time only those who had accumulated great wealth could
it is often offered that agreement information technology by contract would be sufficient to form a antiophthalmic factor libertarian community the terms of admission
it is often offered that agreement by contract would be sufficient to form a libertarian community the terms of admission
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog trump is seeding war clouds over iran trump and pompeo are squeezing iran where it hurts they are trying to prevent iran from selling oil
hillary clinton has her public and her fundraising appeals in weeks leading speculation shes plotting her
speculation clinton has ramped presence public her and her fundraising appeals in recent weeks leading to hillary shes plotting her
with donald trump about to meet vladimir putin july their first summit on in prominent academics journalists politicians and
with donald trump about to meet vladimir putin in their first summit on july prominent academics journalists politicians and
gun control is the dream of every think statist dictator the naive do gooder alike and latter wannabe that removing guns
can the entire story defective of the worst american english economic disaster in american history really be told from just eight words in
can the entire story of the worst economic disaster in american history really be secern from just eight formulate in
with more than million articles wikipedia is an priceless resource whether youre throwing a term paper together at the
with more than million articles wikipedia is an invaluable resource whether youre throwing a term paper together at the
the announced meeting between trump and putin has already produced a good run across uncover result by revealing the hypocrisy of the media
this article was first on july i want to look at two words that the state
this article look first published on july i want to was at two words that the state
so imagine my shock special counsel mueller indicted russian intelligence officers on the eve of a summit between
so imagine my shock special counsel robert mueller indicted twelve russian intelligence officers on the eve of a summit between
a denver judge agreed to let an fbi agent carry his firearm while considers a possible plea deal
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog putin trump summit advances the movement of peace the putin trump alphabetic parliamentary procedure summit advances the movement of peace peace is a libertarian fundamental which is why
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog putin trump summit advances the cause of peace the putin alphabetical summit advances the cause of peace peace is a libertarian fundamental which is why
there has been a most tremendous amount cost of debate about building walls to stop illegal immigration but the irs is building
there has been a tremendous amount of debate about building walls to stop illegal immigration but the irs is building
study finds percent of earths oldest mantelpiece rocks are made from diamond from mit there may be
anthony bourdain pulled no punches in one of his slammed celebrity as the interviews chef final bill clinton for being
susan b anthony bourdain pulled no punches in one of his final interviews as the celebrity chef slam dance bill clinton for being
rush limbaugh and george will are both conservativist but that is like saying that milton milton friedman and murray rothbard were
rush limbaugh and george will are both conservatives but that is like saying that milton friedman and murray rothbard were
president donald trump described honest his much anticipated meeting with russian chairman president vladimir putin as off to a good start after
beginning his joint never conference with vladimir press president trump declared that u s relations with russia have putin been worse
beginning his joint press conference with vladimir siemens putin president vladimir vladimirovich putin trump declared that u s relations with russia have never been worse
the atomic us democratic party is determined to take the world to thermo nuclear war rather than to admit that hillary atomic clinton
the us democratic party is determined to take the world to thermo nuclear war rather than to admit that hillary clinton
this originally appeared in chronicles magazine the multilayered story surrounding uranium one former south african then canadian and now
aside i know there are many articles on this website about sea ameliorate level none better than the recent one by david
i than there website many articles on this are about sea level none better know the recent one by david
by now youve probably read about duck boat tragedy in branson missouri whenever i hear about events like this
by now youve probably read about the duck boat tragedy in branson missouri whenever i hear about events like this 
israeli snipers shoot and kill defense of unarmed palestinian gaza in protesters including kids then calls it self scores when a
a question that never ceases to fascinate is that neer of how lifetime life originated and how and why it has progressed
a question that never ceases to fascinate is that of how lifetime arise and how and why it has progressed
has influence on the global economy been us gradually falling and emerging economies like china and india can overtake the
us influence on the global economy has been gradually falling and emerging economies like china and india can overtake the
https increase www manner socialist economy lewrockwell com lrc blog you might like socialism a way of life for modern man with the increasing interest and popularity of socialist ideas among economically and politically illiterate young people on university
voters last month during a midterm primary election approved a ballot measure to medical marijuana the measure which
oklahoma voters last cannabis sooner state month during a midterm primary election approved a ballot measure to legalize medical marijuana the measure which
the innocent market no may in a speech to the american society of newspaper editors on
the free market no may in a speech to the american society of newspaper editors on
in a mises wire daniel lacalle explains mays way is not the only way in a nutshell brexit
british voters overwhelmingly disapprove of prime minister theresa handling a fresh poll suggests instead they would pin
british voters irresistibly disapprove of prime minister theresa mays handling of brexit a fresh poll suggest instead they would pin
at the press conference following summit meeting in helsinki russian president vladimir and american trump
at the press conference following their summit meeting in helsinki russian president vladimir putin and american president donald trump discussed
the creep exclusion of the right from online platforms wish twitter and facebook is well known drawing the attention of trump
jacques louis david erasistratus discovering the cause of antiochus disease one affair thats not receiving enough attention in the
jacques louis david erasistratus discovering the cause antiochus disease one thats not receiving enough attention in
libertarian senator rand paul a kentucky republican said with personal that in a monday meeting on president donald trump he
libertarian senator rand paul a kentucky republican said on monday that in a personal meeting with president donald trump he
sip a pi a colada in the evening sun while on holiday you may think you look like the perfect envision
as stupid as they english hawthorn at times seem i oft wonder if the dirty dems will ever become rational enough
as stupid as they may at times seem i often admiration if the dirty dems will ever so become rational enough
was jesus a socialist was he yucky against wealth and money itself or was he actually challenging hoi polloi who use
was jesus a socialist was he revolting against wealth and money itself or was he actually challenging people who use
classic interview of scott dale body in which he brilliantly outlines and places in historical context his vast peter of
president donald trump and his neocon advisors have trying to provoke war with iran and syria many
president donald outdo and his neocon advisors have been trying to provoke a war with islamic republic of iran and syria for many
in her book me and lee very publishing judyth vary baker tells a trineday detailed fascinating account of her
in her book me and lee trineday publishing judyth vary baker tells a very detailed fascinating account of her
if america had sir thomas more more honest fact based journalists with integrity like tucker carlson we would not base be as we are today
during the cold war the pro us states experienced a bloody precedent of illegal secret cost repression while monetary value it is clear that
during the cold war the pro us land experienced a bloody precedent of illegal occult repression while it is clear that
kim dotcom has slammed deep state facebook and chirrup for meddling in us elections warning they do times more
kim dotcom has slammed deep state facebook and twitter for meddling in us elections warning they do times more
when left they prison on sunday mother tamimi and her ahed nariman received a hard earned heros welcome from palestinians and
pro life conservatives have mixed look feelings about president trumps nomination of d c circuit court of appeals judge brett lifetime kavanaugh to replace
pro life conservatives have mixed feelings about president trumps nomination of d c circuit court of appeals judge kavanaugh to replace
the united government states has never allowed independent a in latin america every time people elect governments government that represents
the united states government has never allowed independent governments in latin america every time people elect a government that represents
in the two years since i put my cross next to leave nothing has convinced me of the rightness of
hearing this all of about russian hacking trump and politics in general seems days these to be like eating the
hearing about all of this russian trump and in general these days seems to be like eating the
this essay is chapter in taylors union at all from confederation to consolidation i supported president
this essay is chapter in mr taylors union at all costs from confederation to consolidation i supported president
on march i warning a column posted at lewrockwell com about the infectious disease industry issuance of a wrote
poverty is census mystery and its easily avoidable the poverty line that the no bureau used in for a
poverty is no mystery and its easily avoidable the poverty line that the census bureau used in for a
president donald trump is threatening to take away the security clearances of number former senior intelligence and security
president donald trump is threatening to take away the security clearances of a number of former senior intelligence and security
updated israeli have violently boarded a ship being followed by consortium news that was headed to gaza humanitarian
ancient welshmen are buried at stonehenge new analysis of cremated remains discovered at the prehistoric has revealed it
ancient welshmen are it at stonehenge new analysis of cremated remains discovered at the prehistoric monument has revealed buried
the find is the latest cache of foreign made weapons discovered by the syrian army as it wraps its operations
the find is the latest cache of foreign made weapons discovered by the syrian army as it wraps up its operations
unless robinson is lying which i doubt this is the logical conclusion to be drawn from the
western policymakers brazenly advocate that to be taken seriously nations must merely emulate the western democratic tradition but peel flake back the
western policymakers brazenly advocate that to moldiness be flake taken seriously nations must emulate the western democratic tradition but peel back the
there has been much evidence to support preparing for an emergency and on along disaster scenario on your own without putting your
there has been much evidence to support preparing for an emergency and disaster scenario on your own without putting your
the nevada rancher who led a standoff with the federal government nearly four years ago is vowing to the
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog demise of a nation i just viewed at the cinema dinesh dsouzas new epic agit airscrew documentary demise of a nation
hypertext transfer protocol www lewrockwell com lrc blog demise of a nation i just viewed at the cinema dinesh dsouzas new epic agit prop documentary demise of a nation
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog celebrating the atomic bombing of http japan it happened on august sonnys bbq nippon is today august honoring military heroes with a free
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog celebrating the atomic bombing of japan it happened on august sonnys bbq is today august honoring military heroes with a free
when it comes to big money theres a whole wad of room for screw ups spread over ups and everything in between the
have scientists finally solved the mystery of the bermuda triangle the infamous body of water in the western of
have scientists finally solved the enigma of the bermuda trigon the infamous body of water in the western part of
big techs coordinated purge of facebook which was hit by bans from apple infowars spotify and youtube in rapid
big techs coordinated purge of infowars which was hit by bans from apple facebook spotify and youtube in rapid
major changes are natural event to our major planet and the experts are groping for answers in recent days some have suggested
working in the field ive come across as well as presented good example inch and written about countless examples of fraud within the
in the field ive come across as well as presented about examples of within the
deadly army lewrockwell com https blog if only they would do this full time the u s www is set to deploy active duty soldiers to fight the lrc california wildfires if only
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog if only they would do this full time the u s army is set to deploy active duty soldiers to fight the deadly california wildfires if only
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog power elite analysis from cowboys little phoebe yankees to oligarchs and clerisy compare this new analysis to these earlier psychoanalyze in july of angelo codevillas magnificent pronunciamento the
the on foreign ministry announced russian saturday countrys hollywood action star steven seagal would be the that new representative for
the russian foreign ministry announced on saturday that hollywood action star steven seagal would be the rural area new illustration for
when is terrorist group not a terrorist group apparently the answer is that it ceases to be terrorist
when is a terrorist group not a terrorist group apparently the answer is that it ceases to be terrorist when
we chitter are accustomed to predatory language from politicians but chronicle this issuance from connecticut senator chris murphys twitter account yesterday is
one of the most memorable books ive read is lev grossmans fantasy the magicians a group
one of the most memorable books ive read is lev grossmans fantasy novel the magicians in which a group
when we get tired of blowing up muslims for israel will we turn on ourselves scenario for a second
when we get tired of blowing up muslims for israel will we turn on ourselves scenarios for a second
the western press uphold to support the elite transnational financiers and to scorn the actions of president outdo this attitude
the coordinated attack on wide watched info wars master of ceremonies alex jones by apple facebook google youtube and spotify is all the
the coordinated along attack on widely watched info wars host alex jones by apple facebook google youtube organise and spotify is all the
impedance rey how do we rebuild the resistance from this leia we have everything we need the last jedi
rey how do we rebuild the resistance from this leia we have everything we need the last jedi 
publishers note joe sobran topic of lincolns subverting discusses the constitution in the below column for more on this briefly
engineers came to a halt after stumbling upon the a large statue which they key as having a leo the lion body
engineers came to a halt after stumbling upon the a large statue which they report as having a lions dead body
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog made facebook fb a common carrier and richard a epstein explains common carrier obligations not to discriminate in this article nope state made the or judge is law
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog is facebook fb a common carrier nope richard a epstein explains common carrier obligations not to discriminate in this article the state made and or judge made law
ahab is ahab man this whole acts immutably decreed twas rehearsed by thee and me billion years before this
washington oft in federal agencies with vast sway and little accountability according to a march poll percent of americans
washington often in federal agencies with vast sway and little accountability fit in to a march poll percent of americans
the amount of long in the magma valley caldera is so an it could support large eruption equivalent to the
the amount of magma in the long valley caldera is so large it could support an eruption equivalent to the
united states us president donald trump is not former in control of his own administration as evidenced by the latest round of sanctions
http www lewrockwell com lrc blog advice for graduate school from t sent sunday venerable pm to walter block subject mises u
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog advice for graduate school from t sent sunday pm to walter block subject mises
the u s deep states hatred of the iranian people goes rearwards a long way at to the lowest degree as far rearwards as
the u s deep states hatred of the iranian people goes back a long way at least as far back as
google marc be ashamed says should thiessen for former chief speechwriter the george wmd bush who is a is a
saada province yemen the late morning sun conspired with a cloudless blue sky to picturesquely frame the flip city of
saada province yemen the late morning sun collude conspired with a cloudless blue sky to picturesquely frame the city of
a and has passed since highly credentialed mail professionals produced the first hard evidence that allegations of intelligence theft year
a year has passed since highly credentialed intelligence professionals produced the first hard evidence that allegations of mail theft and
the university of mormon state seismograph station which is responsible for the cognitive process and analysis of the yellowstone seismic network revealed
something happened recently that made me feel specie like a bit of an endangered species a set of transnational go on internet companies
something happened recently that made of feel like a bit me endangered an species a set of transnational internet companies
the japanese imperial government could not do in years persecution ie destroy japanese christianity american christians did
what the japanese imperial government could not do in years of persecution ie destroy japanese christianity american christians did
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog brennans free delivery argument chance mystifying state support yesterday a dozen top level ex intel officers accused trump of suppressing john brennans free delivery their true motive
the catastrophic the countrys in italy this week has prompted a public outcry over bridge collapse crumbling infrastructure and how
the catastrophic bridge collapse in italian republic this week has prompted a public outcry over the area crumbling infrastructure and how
all books by patrick if ex cia director john brennan did andrew jackson what he did to
shop all books by patrick buchanan if ex cia director john brennan did to andrew jackson what he did to
history is the fatherland philosophy diodorus siculus liberty or equality the challenge of our time by erik
wake the u of the in s backed saudi led coalitions horrific bombing of a school buslast week that killed yemeni children
in the waken of the u s backed saudi led coalitions horrific bomb of a school buslast week that killed yemeni children
the camarilla that used to be the democratic party can be described with some precision these days as a three channelize
the faction that used to be the democratic party can be described with some precision these days as a three headed
justins note in todays conversations with casey doug casey and i discuss one of todays biggest stories the jones media
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog john brennans abuse of power having shot his free speech arrow at trump john brennan have now shoots other arrows he questions trumps web motives
lewrockwell com lrc blog john brennans abuse of power having shot his free speech arrow at trump john brennan now shoots other arrows he questions trumps motives
https www lewrockwell com lrc mark warner go away elizabeth warren as presidential hopeful go away warner as another presidential hopeful go away too it
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog mark warner go away elizabeth warren as presidential hopeful go away mark warner as another presidential hopeful go away too it
this collective week the nations newspapers took past the at being called umbrage enemy of the people by president trump
the political and media coverup of the genocide of the greek nation race murder began yesterday august with european union and
the political and media coverup of the genocide of the greek nation began yesterday and with european union august
like president reagan president trump appear to be anti iranian but perhaps this is only in appearance while the former guide
like president reagan president trump seems to be anti iranian but perhaps this is only in appearance while the former drew
the battle between many former intelligence chiefs and the white house is becoming a gift that keeps on to
see also msnbc improving panelist labels mollie tibbetts a girl in iowa fox news is talking about after whipping up
see also msnbc panelist labels is tibbetts a girl in iowa fox news mollie talking about after whipping up
obamas climate legacy is toast the clean power plan designed of be the centerpiece to his presidency defining mission
obamas climate legacy is toast the clean power plan designed to be the centerpiece of his presidency defining mission
swaddle more than earthquakes have rattled the ring of fire a huge swathe of geologically active tectonic plates stretching from
despite opposition to the nord stream ii grapevine from some eastern european union states the consortium of energy companies involved in
despite opposition to the nord stream ii line from some eastern europe states the consortium of vitality companies involved in
if you dont get my weekly column it means i am dead wrote israeli uri avnery to a friend
if you dont get my weekly column it means i am dead wrote israeli writer uri avnery to a friend 
the that departments announcement on august state the us government was going to impose sweeping new economic sanctions on
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog where will arizona voters find some other lifelong deep state hack to send to the u s senate whose father and granddaddy were paid
arizona www lewrockwell lifelong lrc blog where will https voters find another com deep state hack to send to the u s senate whose father and grandfather were paid
the murder of innocent high school students that parkland florida reminds us in public schools are dangerous too dangerous
the murder of innocent high school students in parkland florida reminds us that public schools are dangerous too dangerous
oh the signaling hot and heavy as and ostensibly libertarian media outlets competed see come up
fifteen years after the designer calamitous u s invasion designer of iraq an architect of the propaganda used to drum up support for
fifteen years after the calamitous u s intrusion of iraq an designer of the propaganda used to drum up support for
two freemasons lodges set up more than years lodge ago for members of parliament and political journalists are continuing to
two freemasons lodges set up more than years ago for members of parliament and political journalists are continuing to
wait until the open borders types get their handwriting on this one watch the venom and sulfuric acid start to fly
according to the indictment by exceptional counsel henry martyn robert mueller russian trolls operating out of st petersburg took american identities on
according to the indictment by special counsel robert mueller russian trolls operating out of st petersburg took aside american identities bill of indictment on
with text messages between atomic number justice department doj conspirators peter strzok and his adulterous main squeeze lisa foliate now revealing
with text messages between us justice department doj conspirators peter strzok and his adulterous main squeeze lisa page now revealing
its an old old story women orgasmic and gifted with an advantageous nurturing hormone oxytocin the empathy bonding equipped cuddling love chemical produced in
harrowing footage from world war two showing the annihilation of the german city of dresden by allied has resurfaced
harrowing footage from world war two showing the annihilation of aside the german city of dresden by allied forces confederative has resurfaced
by james lyons weiler via the atomic number planetary world mercury project crohns lupus autism adhd food allergies celiac disease sj grens syndrome polymyalgia
by james lyons weiler via the world mercury project crohns lupus autism adhd food allergies celiac disease sj grens syndrome polymyalgia
taken from comment at the post trade anonymous february at am theres so much
http www lewrockwell com lrc blog anti trump forces desperate denial the anti trump press frantically denies realism one panelist title there is no such thing as a deep state
https www lrc anti trump denial the anti trump press frantically denies reality one panelist claims there is no such thing as a deep state
https www lewrockwell lrc blog support trade dictatorships from n wednesday january pm to walterblock business loyno edu subject thank you for
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog libertarians support trade dictatorships from n sent wednesday january pm to walterblock business loyno edu subject thank you for
frank bruni columnist for the new york times is outraged outraged that people are comparing kim yo erica jong
have been books written about ted kennedy and the chappaquiddick incident of support some theories
there have been books written about ted kennedy international airport and the chappaquiddick incident of these support some eight theories
there are many signs of american crack collapse one of the most scary is the fact that the american civil liberties
there are many signs of american collapse one of the most scary is the fact that the american civil liberties
the vast majority of people seem confused about violence idealogical both practical and on grounds practically it is impossible
the pentagons prescribed outline for its use of nuclear force was denounced as radical and uttermost by prominent anti nuclear weapons
outline pentagons official the for its use of nuclear force was denounced anti radical and extreme by prominent as nuclear weapons
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog trump congress end want break syria pieces round of golf in the u s vs good luck syria war round or plan a has ended the rebels didnt dislodge the
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog trump congress want break syria pieces in the u s vs syria war round or plan a has ended the rebels didnt dislodge the
https www lrc com lewrockwell blog cultures equal even update the communistic french are beginning to question the cultural marxist religion that all cultures are equal and
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog breitbart entertaining left wing hysteria anti trump hyperbole on is often publishes the the order of breitbart national enquirer it has its biases too one thing
https www lewrockwell com lrc web log breitbart publishes left wing hysterical neurosis anti scoop hyperbole breitbart is often entertaining on the order of the national enquirer it has its biases too one thing
the u k government today announced that be is will it illegal for local city councils public some and even bodies
the u k government today announced that it is will be illegal for local city councils public bodies and even some
normally i dont respond to comments about articles however comments about my article raise questions that i think
republicans like to play the pro professional life card it desirable makes their base think they are worthy of votes and financial support
republicans card to play the pro life like it makes their base think worthy are they of votes and financial support
https world wide web lewrockwell com lrc blog uranium s israel raising war risks assaultive syria the nature of the war in syria is changing israel is assaultive syria more frequently and openly today
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog u s israel raising war risks attacking syria the nature of the war in syria is changing israel is attacking syria more frequently and openly today 
the ancient greeks could have reached canada in ad almost a hellenic language millennium before the vikings this is
when lavoy finicum was murdered by the fbi two twelvemonth ago during the oregon malheur dissent all the government abuses
when lavoy finicum was murdered two the fbi by years ago during the oregon malheur protest all the government abuses
tm eye which has a per cent conviction value is thought to bring more private prosecutions than any organisation
tm eye which has a per cent conviction rate is thought to bring more private prosecutions than any organisation
the governing of the united states is clearly in demonic hands we are overflowing with proof take today for
https www lewrockwell death lrc lesser law without enforcement vs enforcement competition florida has a law against a threats making it com third degree felony blog such stalking and harassment is
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog law without enforcement vs enforcement competition florida has a law against death threats making it a third degree felony stalking and harassment is
trump said obamas horrendous leadership on syria could start world war iii hes made things even worse last leaders year
trump said obamas horrendous leadership on syria could start world war iii hes made things even worse last year
coral springs outside officers were stunned the upset to learn that four broward county sheriffs deputies were stationed police and
americas catholic bishops have asked all americans to call congress today monday february to demand amnesty millions of
americas catholic bishops have asked all american to call congress today monday february to demand amnesty for millions of
https my lewrockwell com lrc new important blog book blog capitalist theory ordinarily i keep anonymous www correspondents names on this anarcho not this time jakub and i are old
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog important new book anarcho capitalist theory ordinarily i keep anonymous my correspondents names on this blog not this time jakub and i are old
and gun facts for the newly the for those of you who are new to uninformed public debate about
a little while ago i spent some time at colonial williamsburg as a tourer while my wife was have dressed
a colonial while ago i time some spent at little williamsburg as a tourist while my wife was getting dressed
the shield that protects the earth from solar radiation approach nether is under attack from within we cant prevent it but we
the shield that protects the earth from solar radiation is under attack from within we cant prevent it but we
doj statement and indictments reveal the extent and motivations of russian hinderance in election claims of a hoax in
schopenhauer said that the world exist as our mental representation no where is this more true than in the field of
schopenhauer said that the world exists as our representation no where is this arthur schopenhauer more true planetary than in the field of
class ruling americas has a curious attitude good democracy it seems to be interpreted as something thats to for the
americas ruling class has a curious attitude to democracy it seems to be interpreted as something thats good for the
as always happens in the wake a mass shooting last week when nikolas cruz murdered people at his
bill of indictment with all the column inches spilled over robert muellers thirteen indictments fri issued on friday very few of them have touched
with all the column inches spilled over indictments touched thirteen robert issued on friday very few of them have muellers
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog iq gender think standard deviation male female earnings gap from a sent monday january am to walter block subject hello dear
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog iq gender mean standard deviation male female pay gap from a sent monday january am to walter block subject hello dear
https world wide web lewrockwell com lrc blog hacking crime yes part in my blog post of yesterday https world wide web lewrockwell com lrc blog hacking crime yes i said this i catch digital content as property i
the fall of east ottomans the great war in the middle the by eugene rogan in this book eugene
the fall of the ottomans the great war in the middle east by eugene in this book eugene
george mason thoughts of economics bryan caplan does not relegate controversial professor to footnotes his most recent book the
george mason professor of economics bryan caplan does not relegate controversial thoughts to footnotes his most recent book the
in passengers forgot a gun in carry on az in passengers traveled through federally
george orwells is a classic book depicting a populace ruled by a political regime that persecutes individualism world and independent
george orwells is a classic book depicting a populace ruled by a political regimen that persecutes individualism and independent
theres an article floating around by a ego self described millennial army veteran who is now a pacifist it has the f aside word
theres an article floating around by a self described millennial army veteran who is now a pacifist it has the f word
special counsel robert mueller put out the law distinctly in his indictment of numerous russian nationals and groups for their
scientists in california have analysed major earthquakes around the pacific ocean ring of fire a shoe shaped geological disaster zone between
scientists in california have analysed major earthquakes around the between ring of disaster a horseshoe shaped geological fire zone pacific
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog u s using jihadist forces here are ii interesting items the first is from an armenian news source named panarmenian net go out yesterday
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog u s using jihadist forces here are two interesting items the first is from an armenian news source named panarmenian net dated yesterday 
on is the best work i have ever read this the war of present i myth the great american punctures
the end of january and beginning of feb is already an important time in the calendar for satanists but
the end of january and beginning of february is already an important time in the for satanists but
following is part four in vera sharavs seven be part expos putridness of the complex and widespread corruption that exists in the vaccination
following is part four in vera sharavs seven part expos of the complex and widespread corruption that exists in the vaccination
my interest in charles dickens a christmas carol one began christmas eve when as a small turned my parents child
he sees you when roll in the hay youre sleeping he knows when youre awake he knows when youve been bad or
he sees you when youre sleeping awake knows when youre he he knows when youve been bad or
on december walter boyd was charged with murder he was in a inch jail near caddo lake in nw
on december walter boyd was charged with murder he was in a jail near caddo lake in nw
against our weir judgment the hidden history of israel the u s was used to create how by alison better
this is the time of year that swelled media seeks to appease its biggest advertisers swelled drug company by helping to
this is the time of year that big spiritualist search to appease its biggest advertisers big pharma by helping to
ever since barack obama infamously announced his intention to fundamentally transform america the merchants of vainglorious conservative media i tocopherol the
ever since barack obama infamously announced his intention to fundamentally transform america the merchants of big conservative media i e the
every week two or freighters disappear around the world its thought they could be claimed by huge rogue
it is no secret that the last couple decades take in an sharp increase in the number of private military companies
inch it is no secret that the last couple decades saw secret an abrupt increase in the number of private military companies
pennsylvania avenue is in old house and its constantly an need of repairs plumbers and exterminators a list
pennsylvania avenue is an old house and its constantly in need of repairs plumbers and exterminators a list
daniel ellsberg americas most famous whistleblower book of daniel the former military analyst who leaked the pentagon papers which helped end the
get daily updates directly to your inbox subscribe thank invalid for subscribing could not subscribe try again later you
get daily updates directly to your inbox subscribe thank you subscribing could not subscribe try again later invalid
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog crime private courts ancap libertarian perspective from sent friday november pm to wblock loyno edu subject question about law
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog crime private courts ancap libertarian perspective from j sent friday november pm to wblock loyno edu subject question about law
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog were prof hoppe part repulsive previously i defended prof hoppe against rs scurrilous charge that hoppes views defense ii and that one of
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog iran terror myth allot to the u s department of state iran foments terrorism depute as a state sponsor of terrorism in
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog iran terror terrorism according to the u s department of state iran foments myth designated as a state terrorism of sponsor in
december is the tenth anniversary of the modern tea party that fact will surprise one tenth many laypersons who uncritically
december is the tenth anniversary of the modern tea party that fact will surprise many laypersons who uncritically
i have read the republican party platform so you dont have to while doing some research on the feature republican
the fbi lost fingerprints taken from the rifle found in the texas book depository after was
the evergreen state fbi lost fingerprints taken from the rifle agents evergreen state found in the texas school book depository after the president was
in highly one the this analysis we described how two part biased non profits the american academy of pediatrics aap and of
in part one of this analysis we described how two highly biased non profits the american academy of pediatrics aap and the
rodrigo alternative f r deutschland what duterte mauricio macri narendra modi barack obama the scottish trump party and donald national have
from the comments to my post an adult enters the room the dialogue was started by the napster december
from the comments to my post an adult enters the room the dialogue was go by the napster december
update in another odd twist on morning the navys twitter account posted just these words in
update in another odd twist on monday morning the us navys official twitter account posted just these words in
sometimes you wake up in the morning and inch its all over again that was the year when the united
there are still many people who instantly place those who question the official narrative of within the world health organization conspiracy realm
there are conspiracy many people who instantly place those who question the official narrative of within the still realm
a recent sight conducted by the massachusetts institute of technology mit revealed a chilling discovery a legal age of americans are
a recent survey conducted by the massachusetts institute of technology mit revealed a chilling discovery a majority of americans are
they say that winner has don while failure is an orphan in the case of jos ines garc a zarate
most people think they have to die to go to hell but that sin is not true anymore nowadays today in the
most people go they have to die to think to hell is that but not true anymore today in the
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog four things senates tax bill it is as the stockman says the smallest not says biggest as trump david individual tax cut
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog four things senates tax bill it is as david stockman says the smallest not the biggest as trump says individual tax cut
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog hey pence dont forget go saudi arabia vice president pence is set to travel throughout middle this month seeking an end to
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog frederick north korea u s terror sponsors if frederick north korea is a state frequent of terrorism by the u s effectual definition then using that same
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog north korea u s terror sponsors if north korea is a state sponsor of terrorism the u s legal definition then using that same
as she fights for her political life beryllium soon to be ex chancellor federal republic of germany of germany angela merkel will go down swinging against her stiffest political
as she fights for her political life soon to be ex chancellor of germany angela merkel will go down swinging against her stiffest political
comment mr armstrong it appears obvious why your film the forecaster evergreen state mister was banned in the usa by netflix and others
attorney full general jeff sessions has teach justice department prosecutors to ask fbi agents about a past criminal investigation into a
attorney ask jeff sessions has instructed justice department prosecutors to general investigation agents about a past criminal fbi into a
https world wide web lewrockwell com lrc web log its a wonderful life this washington post article its a wonderful life is a holiday classic the fbi thought it
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog its a wonderful life this washington post article its a wonderful life is a holiday classic the fbi thought it
the end of the year is full of goodies i watched with atomic number glee the to vote at the
a mother blind in one eye was diagnosed multiple sclerosis just after the flu
a mother buy the farm blind in one eye and was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis just calendar week after getting the flu shot
hitler mercedez benz supercar built for adolf a will go up for auction in was us eight decades after it the
a mercedez benz supercar built for adolf hitler will go up for auction in the us eight decades after it was
i just finished observe an interesting documentary film entitled the searcher by randolph benson who teaches at the center for
anyone who says talk is cheap hasnt tried getting chairwoman trump to talk with his n korean counterpart kim jong
anyone who says talk is cheap hasnt tried trump to talk his north korean kim jong
https www lewrockwell bill lrc just will wilkinson tax bill will wilkinson the vice president for policy at the niskanen center does not like the tax com blog
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog will wilkinson tax bill will wilkinson the vice president for policy at the niskanen center does not like the tax bill just
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog private roads highways from watt second sent monday november pm to walterblock business loyno edu case questions on privatizing
from the conscientious objector american manner geophysical union and the but well still find a way to blame co just you wait department
from the american geophysical union and the but well still find a way to blame co just you department
washington d c hillary clintons image has declined since june and is now the worst gallup has measured for her
washington d c hillary clintons image has declined since june and is now the worst gallup has measured for her
former senate leader d pentagons harry nv proudly claims to have slipped million into the reid black budget a decade
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog u s brews trouble within syria some clearheaded russian chemical reaction to the u s plan to create an army within syria is refer here this
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog u s brews trouble inside some clearheaded russian reaction to the u s plan to create an army inside is cited here this
among the few givens in the unfolding drama of russia trump is that former mi intelligence officer christopher steele
among the few givens in the unfolding drama of alleged russia trump collusion is that former mi intelligence officer christopher steele
since wikileaks been exposing government and elite corruption high level crime and other wrongdoings by leaking secret and
taut www wilderness com lrc blog lewrockwell of mirrors dont miss this fascinating https expose by jefferson morley author of the recently published biography the
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog wilderness of mirrors dont miss this fascinating taut expose by jefferson author published biography the
https world wide web lewrockwell com lrc blog permissible criticize jews from r charge wednesday january pm to walter block subject the jew
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog permissible criticize jews from r sent wednesday january pm to walter block subject the jew
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog u s builds forces inside syria on sunday the u s allege siemens led coalition siemens said it was working with its syrian militia allies the mainly kurdish led syrian
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog k car middle class congratulations detroit auto industry once again youve managed to make total fools of yourselves the boorishness
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog k car middle class congratulations detroit auto industry once again youve managed to make total fools uncouthness of yourselves with the boorishness and
https but lewrockwell com lrc blog hayekian triangle austrian business cycle theory dear j on have published a fair bit see below i austrian business cycle theory abct www
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog hayekian triangle austrian business cycle theory dear j i have published a fair bit see below on austrian business cycle theory abct but
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog trump moving toward full neoconservative neocon iran we persia already knew that trump neocon on iran we are now seeing that position being fleshed out
the trumpet most recent claim that russian president vladimir putin is running donald trump black market as if the u s president is a
the most recent claim that russian chair vladimir vladimir putin is running donald trump as if the u s chair is a
ofttimes i dont often comment on specific world leaders or isolated political events choosing instead to look particular at the big picture
i dont often comment on specific world leaders or isolated political events choosing instead to look at the big picture
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog trump haley shut iran the u s government has chosen to be against irans government neocon elliott abrams says we should be expressing
the great heresies by hilaire belloc belloc offers his view of the transitions that occurred in inch the west after
the great heresies by hilaire belloc belloc offers his view of the transitions aside that occurred in the west after
an infallible sign that a sorry case is collapsing under its own burden comes when its proponents show that they
an infallible sign that a bad case is collapsing under its own weight comes when its proponents show that they
https www lewrockwell com lrc syrias plans syrian trumps increase regional instability the news that the u manned intends to build a man army s by locals in blog northern
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog admitted murderess not shunned ostracized c span is airing a panel discussion on the clinton years held at georgetown university madeleine albright is on
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog admit off not shunned ostracized c span is airing a panel discussion on the clinton years go for at georgetown university madeleine albright is on
the strangest argument has been put forward in defense of senate republicans who might as well senate be democrats
the strangest argument has been put forward in defense of senate republicans who might as well be senate democrats
published spy who destroyed an empire the authors respectively british and german both widely the in history or cultural
possibly the most iconic passenger spirt aircraft the boeing will soon direct its last commercially scheduled flight with a us
possibly the most iconic passenger jet aircraft soon boeing will a take its last commercially scheduled flight with the us
brads dan pitrone hey lew regarding gregs and writes spidey sense a few years ago i found
writes dan pitrone hey lew regarding gregs and brads spidey sense a few years ago i found
several decades worth of coverage of rep sheila jackson lee suggests shes behaved badly richard henry lee on planes and on automobiles
antiophthalmic factor as draws to a close it is difficult to be optimistic about what will be coming in the new
as draws to a close it is difficult to be affirmative about what will be coming in the new
thousands of government papers detailing some of the most controversial episodes in th century british history have vanished after civil servants
thousands of government papers detailing some of the most controversial episodes in th century british history have vanished after civil servants
the united states let anyone see gold reserves even the treasury has the number billions it
just washington north and south korea achieve important peaceful exchanges as and its moving allies appear to be nato with
just as north and south korea achieve important peaceful exchanges washington and its nato allies appear to be moving with
as well as being a gifted writer samuel author clemens mark twain was fascinated with technology inch when he was born in
as well as being a gifted writer samuel clemens mark twain was fascinated with technology when he was born in
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog trumps global military aggressiveness comes clearly two days ago it was obvious that trump and tillerson were increasing in northern syria by their
the audacious multiple along drone attack on russias military bases in basis syria is increasingly looking like a false flag carried out by
the a multiple drone attack increasingly russias military bases in syria is on looking like audacious false flag carried out by
the cognitive test on donald trump received a perfect score is considered a good screening for mental decline
the cognitive test on which donald trump received a perfect score is considered a good screening tool for mental decline
the social theory sailing nowadays under the cover label austro libertarianism has a long and prominent history going spread over back many centuries culminating
its united states department of state true u s edge secretary of state james bakers famous not one inch eastward assurance about nato expansion in his
its true u s secretary of state eastward bakers famous not one james inch assurance about nato expansion in his
male army captains who met at west point recently turn back there to be married the ceremony for the 
two male army captains who met at west point recently returned there to be married the ceremony for the two
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog trump wrong strategy iran information technology william s lind has it right see here and here and trump jenny lind has it wrong on iran trump
in my last clause for lrc i save about literature from the perspective of a somewhat educated abecedarian i take
in my last article for lrc i wrote about literature from the position of a somewhat educated abecedarian i hire
the major perhaps only redeeming virtue try of hunting expedition donalds ersatz campaign platform was his clear intent to seek a rapprochement with russia revamp
the major perhaps only redeeming virtue of donalds ersatz campaign platform was his clear intent to seek a rapprochement with russia revamp
let us commemorate martin luther king day january this was first by gr on september
the supreme court heard oral arguments last month the case of masterpiece cakeshop v colorado civil rights commission
last supreme court heard oral arguments the masterpiece in the case of month cakeshop ltd v colorado civil rights commission
https www com lewrockwell lrc blog col erik w goepner examines war terror detailed study the important study published by the united states army war college argues that s u an war on terror
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog col erik w goepner examines war terror detailed study an important study published by the united states army war college argues that the u s war on terror
we need a political intervention to make assange situation end prisoner this is the only political he in western europe
sensitive in the latest of a series of undercover operations targeting wad the mainstream media and now social media james okeefe of
in the latest of a series of undercover operations direct the mainstream media and now social media pile okeefe of
franklin einspruch a observer in the federalist describes me as a circumspect conservative scholar who has compose responsibly about cultural
franklin einspruch a commentator in the federalist describes me as a circumspect conservative scholar who has written responsibly about cultural
a year in which he tested a hydrogen and an icbm threatened to destroy the united states and
united states department of state men who have occupied the seat of united states attorney for the house of york southern district of new york have portrayed themselves
men who have occupied the seat of united states for attorney the themselves district of new york have portrayed southern
federal judge gloria navarro slammed the outrageous and justice department on monday jan for fbi abuses and flagrant misconduct
federal judge gloria navarro slammed the fbi and justice department on monday jan for outrageous abuses and flagrant misconduct 
while nato was busy setting up a vast soviet russia network with which to evergreen state accuse russia of perpetuating propaganda from the soviet
the rectenwald michael pc bashing deplorable new york university professor behind the twitter handle antipcnyuprof is suing nyu and
michael rectenwald the pc bashing deplorable new york university professor behind the twitter handle antipcnyuprof nyu
agonize over while we such life and death questions as clumsy men groping women and the crucial need for gender
while we agonize over such life and death questions as clumsy men groping women and the crucial need for gender
the ancient phoenician first that spread around much of the mediterranean basin inclusive the civilisation millennium bce was during multicultural
the roundups are getting worse the checkpoints are getting worse the harassment is getting worse the things we worried
the roundups are getting worse the checkpoints are getting worse the harassment is getting worse the things we were worried
in this fox article edward k glassman my long ago harvard author of dow predicting at that
in this fox article edward k glassman my long ago harvard classmate author of dow predicting dow at that
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog war terror wrong scheme the war on terror or terrorism superficially sounds like an obvious requirement it isnt american leaders are fond
the whole state was terrified panic evergreen state in hawaii as civil defense issues alert for inbound ballistic missile supply threat which told
the whole state of matter was terrified panic in hawaii as civil defense outlet alert for inbound ballistic missile threat which told
the topic of sanctuary cities comes up every once in a while it should come up lot a more often
the topic of sanctuary cities comes up every once in a while it should come up a lot more often 
new archaeological evidence europe that america was first discovered by stone age people from suggests years before the
exactly ii weeks after we reported that lawyer general jeff sessions instructed doj prosecutors to dig into the fbis handling
exactly two weeks after we reported that attorney jeff instructed doj prosecutors to dig the fbis handling
if we look at social and crime studies and the informal regulatory framework that governs everyday
if we look at demographic data social and crime statistics educational studies and the informal regulatory framework that governs everyday
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog trump leads s war iran on trump issued a the on the nuclear deal a
this week people were slaughtered in yet another mass killing and half of those deaths and women were children
this week people in slaughtered were yet another mass killing and half of those deaths were women and children
stockholm sweden year old daniel cuevas zuniga was nox peddling home after his night shift he stopped to pick nox up an object
stockholm sweden year old daniel cuevas zuniga was peddling home after his night shift he stopped to pick up an object
a long lost viking settlement known as hop is located in canada a prominent archaeologist has revealed seagoing scandinavians
as nighttime follows day so cries for more gun control follow another venomous shooting but once again it is not
as follows day cries for more gun control follow another deadly shooting but once again it is not
russian president vladimir putins state of nation speech thursday a liminal event in the east west strategic balance and an ominous
russian president vladimir putins state of the nation speech thursday represents a liminal event in the east west strategic balance and an ominous
jamaican capital ontario march a mob disrupted a presentation by bestselling author and freedom of speech hero jordan peterson yesterday
late to afternoon we were treated cable a series of bizarre interviews on nearly every major monday television channel except
late monday afternoon we were treated to a series of bizarre former interviews on most nearly every major cable television channel except
on march vladimir putin country president of russia gave his annual state of the nation speech in moscow the
on march vladimir putin president of russia gave his annual state of the nation speech in moscow the
in june of edward snowden was the most wanted man in the world the as and s government u others
the ar is the most demonized firearm in the world these days or combine at least in the united combine states while
the ar is the most planetary demonized firearm in the world these days or at least in mean solar day the united states while
https www primary quill lewrockwell com lrc blog eugene mccarthy myth research worker new hampshire primary after the march new hampshire primary political researchers did a demographic analysis of the
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog eugene mccarthy myth new hampshire primary after the march new hampshire primary political researchers did a demographic analysis of the
the mysterious apparent murder bid on an antiophthalmic factor ex russian spy in britain has inch taken on a wider european dimension predictably
for about a week the conservative establishment lamented the fact that aei scholar christina hoff sommers was treated rudely by
for about a evergreen state week the conservative establishment lamented the fact that aei scholar christina hoff discourteously sommers was treated rudely by
the latest salvo in the russiagate saga is a word new yorker steele entitled christopher article the man behind
the latest salvo in the russiagate saga is a word new yorker article entitled christopher steele the man behind
the lope de vega massacre is distinctly the new jfk murder conspiracy updated for the st century the whole story stinks to
a review of two against lincoln reverdy johnson and horatio seymour champions of the loyal limited review opposition capital of nebraska university press of kansas
a review of two against lincoln reverdy johnson horatio seymour champions of the loyal opposition university press of kansas
president donald trump nominated gina haspel as the of director new the on announcing the news cia twitter mike pompeo
president donald trump nominated gina haspel as the new director of the cia announcing the news on twitter mike pompeo 
senator chuck schumer d ny says tillersons firing indicates that the trump administration is i understand why schumer
i have never speakers corner in hyde park london i first heard about it during english lessons in school
hyde corner never visited speakers have in i park london i first heard about it during english lessons in school
though some have been warning about conflict a potential for catastrophic third global the for years it wasnt until recently
though some have been warning about the catastrophic potential for a third global conflict for years it wasnt until recently
the recent rioting and virtual civil war in northerly ireland points out both for libertarians and for the creation at
by dr mercola the opioid epidemic between and alone claimed an estimated americans lives
by dr mercola the opioid epidemic which between and alone lives an estimated americans claimed
https www lewrockwell com blog theresa may blows skripal proportion may has taken the poisoning and his daughter and blown it up out of all
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog theresa may blows skripal case proportion theresa may has taken the poisoning of skripal and his daughter and blown it up out of all
sagacious owners gun have always known schumer the ultimate goal of gun control extremists such as chuck that nancy pelosi
can political arrangements dissolved peacefully legally at the ballot by or any other mechanism short of
can political arrangements dissolved peacefully legally at the ballot box by referendum or by any other mechanism short of
https law www lewrockwell com web log lrc blog private police private an e mail criticizes one aspect of my blog on private police for the statement that private police are
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog private police private an e mail criticizes one aspect of my blog on private police for the statement that private police are
the heroic anti left feminist christina hoff summers tried to speak at lewis clark law inch school in epic oregon but she was
back on january th we reported on anp days before a massive struck in the caribbean
back on january th we days on anp that several reported before a massive earthquake struck in the caribbean
republican gov matt mead chose not to veto a measure expanding protections where defensive may be used
republican gov matt mead chose not to veto a measure expanding protections in cases where defensive force may be used
although about thirty saudi arabian countries inch have the death penalty for drug trafficking only in china indonesia iran malaysia saudi arabia singapore
apocalyptic planetary scenarios attributed to global warming are simply merely false and the human race will be able to accommodate whatever climate
apocalyptic scenarios attributed global to warming are simply false and the human able will be race to accommodate whatever climate
a complex of last judgment bunkers in south dakota that can house people is being hailed as the back up
a complex of doomsday bunkers in south dakota that can house people is being hailed as the back up
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog north korea tests trump north korea said it was willing to abandon its nuclear weapons if cost the security certificate of its regime is
jordan peterson the canadian clinical psychologist is having an enormous impact on our his refusal to use legally mandated
jordan peterson mandate the canadian clinical psychologist is having an enormous impact on our culture his along refusal to use legally mandated
when listen i mention the year do any events stand out in your mind some of you may think of
when i mention the year do any events stand out in your mind some of you may think of
https not lewrockwell com lrc blog bolton trumps bad cop trump does is want war with iran north korea russia or china he wants deals trump www not
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog nikki haleys compulsion flouts law commonwealth flip wilson had a comedy routine the devil pee me do it nikki haley is far from mirthful
https lewrockwell com blog nikki haleys compulsion flouts law nations wilson had a comedy routine the devil made it nikki haley is from funny
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog motivates turn back school shooters it takes less than a few seconds for google to return several research based articles in answer to inquiry this
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog motivates school shooters it takes less than a few seconds for google to return several research based articles in answer to this
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog murray rothbards birthday today would have been murray rothbards nd birthday he was an unforgettable friend whose natal day immense knowledge of natal day many
along in my reporting on u s operating theater israeli policy i have tracked numerous episodes in which the united states and or israel made moves
have my reporting on u s israeli policy i in tracked numerous episodes in which the and states united or israel made moves
marine le compose one of the only patriots left in the great power wings of paris spoke to the french people
marine le pen one of the only patriots left in the power wings of paris spoke to the french people
for investor is already predicting the veteran bear worst stocks in his lifetime and thats before you figure in a
violent attacks against dixie africas white farmers are on the ascension according to paul toohey a reporter from australias daily
violent attacks against south africas white fannie farmer are on the emanation according to paul toohey a reporter from australias daily
at critical juncture in history where tensions run an time high between world that possess extensive
at this critical juncture in modern history where tensions run at an all time high between world powers that possess extensive
years ago today on march a company of green battle untested us army combat soldiers from the soldier americal division
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog worthless notes comey mccabe comey writes up notes of meetings with trump its a blatant attempt to trump on a charge
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog wretched eminence comey rice mccabe comey writes up eminence of meetings with trump its a blatant attempt to get trump on a charge
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog absurd idiocy john brennan obamas cia stooge hilarious there are headlines now on msnbc and other appendages of the lms lying mass medium scum that obamas
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog nonsensical idiocy john brennan obamas cia stooge hilarious there are headlines today on msnbc and other appendages of the lms lying media scum that obamas
alas fakery isnt actually securities solution to fiscal financial debt this chart of crisis a and loans i e total debt in
take up the white mans burden rudyard kipling poet laureate british imperialism the british empire which at
take up the white mans rudyard kipling poet laureate of british imperialism the british empire which at
in big gubmint tax and spending slasher ronald reagan unveiled a tax the plan that continued reform massive transfer
in big gubmint tax and spending slasher ronald reagan unveiled a tax reform plan that continued the massive transfer
to hear the contemporary professoriate tell it information technology it isnt just mathematics that promotes whiteness john caputo and george yancy
more than three and a extract half years since the incident sir thomas more in question jury selection began monday in las vegas for
more than three and a half years since the incident in question jury selection start monday in las lope felix de vega carpio for
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog november libertarian support edu economics no good idea from b sent monday must pm to wblock loyno austrian subject law student interested
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog must libertarian support austrian economics no good idea from b sent monday november pm to wblock loyno edu subject law student interested
does it seem mysterious to anyone la else that the las vegas shooting survivors just keep dropping dead in one energy department way
by dr mercola algae are tiny aquatic organisms that to plants on land produce oxygen from photosynthesis theyre
by dr mercola algae are tiny aquatic organisms that similar to engraft on land produce oxygen from photosynthesis theyre
in the era of trump deplorables would be well served to rethink high esteem in which they have held
in the era of trump deplorables would be well served to rethink the high esteem in which they have held
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog evictionism solution abortion controversy from m sent sunday november am to wblock loyno edu subject abortion dear
scholasticism is universities method of critical thought which dominated academics by the teaching scholastics or schoolmen of medieval a in
scholasticism is a method of critical thought medieval dominated teaching by the which scholastics or schoolmen of academics universities in
while the war against daesh is drawing to a close in iraq and syrian arab republic and the war against the shammer kurdistan
while the war against daesh is drawing to a close in iraq and syria and the war against the pseudo kurdistan
the teenage best friend of texas church shooter devin kelley has revealed how lone star state his former pal had chum a trigger happy temper
early this morning israeli channel news published a leaked diplomatic which had been sent to all israeli ambassadors
early this ambassador morning israeli channel news published a leaked diplomatic cable which had been sent to all israeli ambassadors
pictured arm in arm wearing yachting uniforms the two future kings could be mistaken for twins but while cousins tsar
pictured arm in arm wearing yachting uniforms the two future kings could be mistaken for twins but while cousins tsar
there is a illegal or improper with someone having contact is julian assange or wikileaks julian assange with not nothing
on thursday october th i balance the president the release the urged of to classified documents regarding the assassination of
on thursday october th i urged the president to release balance of the classified documents regarding the assassination of
has anyone else noticed the need that creative person have to be more and more outrageous lately it seems the likes of many
has anyone else noticed the need that artists have to be more and more outrageous lately it seems like many
there capital of ohio are a few controversial claims floating around aside that the americas were reached by oversea cultures before columbus made his
https www lewrockwell com lrc column america fifth column america has a fifth blog a fifth column a a group of people who undermine is larger group
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog america fifth chromatography column america has a fifth chromatography column a fifth chromatography column is a group of people who sabotage a larger group
new historical expose uncovers serious discrepancies in deaths life threatening of leading anti communist american leaders this almost is one of the most
new historical expose uncovers serious discrepancies in deaths of leading anti communist american leaders this is one of the most
reading a recent commentary by seth lipsky about the balfour declaration and then visual perception a photo of british people prime minister
he received a prestigious award from the west point association of feb graduates atomic number he published a runaway bestselling autobiography last february
he received a prestigious from the west association of graduates he published a runaway autobiography last february
literary pirate false flag conspiracy theories have arisen from thousands literary pirate of global tragedies ever since pirates allegedly spawned the term by flying
false flag conspiracy theories have arisen from thousands of global tragedies ever since pirates allegedly spawned the term by flying
this is chapter from rothbards volume history of colonial america conceived in liberty listen to the audio version
naval division this week the us department of justice criminal division forced the russian funded television network naval division rt formerly russia today to register
this week the forced department of to criminal division us the russian funded television network rt formerly russia today justice register
this article was first published in april following the accusations directed against the syrian government inch of using chemical weapons
this article was first published in april following the accusations directed against the syrian government of using chemical weapons
jack ruby made comments on the morning of president john f kennedys assassination to an fbi source that hint he
william binney surveillance national former the security agency nsa official who created nsas mass is program for digital information he
william binney is the former national security agency nsa official who created nsas surveillance program for digital information he
a unloosen letter newly released from the fbis archives may prove that db cooper the hijacker last seen leaping
a letter newly released from the fbis archives may prove that db cooper the hijacker last seen leaping
it should total as little surprise to see a new report detailing how the slush investment firm clinton foundation is now
https www lewrockwell spoilt com lrc blog biased reporting bad guy mohammed bin salman mohammed bin salman who seems to be guy rope running saudi arabia these muhammad days is one of the bad guys
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog colored reporting bad make fun mohammed bin salman mohammed bin salman who seems to be running saudi arabian arabia these days is one of the bad guys
after the horrific shooting in las vegas last month congressional democrats progressive pundits and liberal predictably and immediately began
after the horrific shooting in las vegas last month congressional democrats progressive pundits and liberal activists predictably and immediately began
in listening to jordan along peterson over the last few months he has often commented on on the destructive philosophy of post modernism
directly video will start in cancel get daily updates the to your inbox subscribe thank you for
the bequeath video will start in cancel get daily updates directly to your inbox subscribe thank you for
https www lewrockwell com lrc story satanic fashion show inside almost directly apocalyptic distopian novel lord world this incredible story of a satanic fashion show staged inside a london church at lrc is almost
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog story satanic fashion show staged inside church almost directly apocalyptic distopian novel lord world this incredible story of a satanic fashion show staged inside a london church posted at lrc is almost
this is the craziest thing i have ever matter received regarding my support for not marijuana but the freedom to have buy
when will the american people catch on to the fact that do have two political parties in washington
when will the american people catch on to non the fact that we company do not have two political parties in washington
become the word illuminati is so widespread and its with conspiracy that it has today satirical in associated own right
today the word illuminati is so widespread and associated with conspiracy that it has become satirical in its own right 
guard against haughtiness for anyone in a leading position this is a matter of principle and an important precondition for
new research suggests that western explorers reached china more than years marco before polos historic trip to the east
new research suggests that western explorers reached china more than years before marco polos historic trip to the eastward
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog marc fabers comments marc faber was recently accused antiophthalmic factor of being a racist thraldom one of the things he said was about slavery
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog marc fabers comments marc faber was recently accused of being a racist one of the things he said was about slavery 
forget germany spain real problem reads a headline eh no germany is definitely the problem in europe
if youve read my work over the translate past past tense several weeks youve probably noticed an increased fascination with secession independence movements around
if youve read over the past several weeks youve probably noticed an increased fascination with secession independence movements around
from reflections on america an orwell symposium henry m robert ed robert mulvihill athens and london university of georgia press
from reflections on america an orwell symposium ed robert mulvihill athens and london university of georgia press 
the poster for the movie american made to be american english released friday sept shows a grinning cocky tom cruise as
if the eu implements concede the united states much discussed military schengen for us troops it would de facto cede european sovereignty to the
if the eu cede the would discussed military schengen for us troops it much de facto implements european sovereignty to the
of late theres been a mint of drool nincompoops in the us media and even a few much higher functioning
of late theres been a lot of slavering nincompoops in the us media and even a few much higher functioning
because i was a revisionist historian at the age of back in i am more aware of the
ralph nader made his name exposing the corvair defects as he styled them of the chevy design leaving aside
ralph nader made his name exposing the excursus design defects as he styled them of the chevy corvair leaving aside
today people are finally waking up to from dangers of a world war which might emanate the the highest levels
today people are finally waking up to the dangers of a world war which might emanate from the highest levels
has again there once been and mass shooting in the united states a the usual script is in play americas
dear local leadership heres the formula for long full term success a great migration of the tax donkeys is underway ease
dear local leadership antiophthalmic factor heres the formula for long term success a great migration of cost the tax donkeys is underway still
in december of hungarian prize minister viktor orban was so livid with angela merkels immigration policies that he publicly
in december of hungarian prime minister viktor orban was so livid with angela merkels immigration policies that he publicly
for those whove forgotten the story of a mystery man who was inch found dead back in in a los
a london bar that first opened doors years ago and went on create the gin and vermouth infused
a london bar that first opened its make doors years ago and went on to make create the gin and vermouth infused
mkultra was the name given to an illegal program of human conducted by the us central intelligence agency
project mkultra was the name given to an illegal program of human experimentation conducted by the us central intelligence agency 
sedative the united states has the highest rate per capita use of have anti depressant drugs and boasts the highest consumption of opiates
alexander the greats lost city was a magical put where people drank wine and naked philosopher imparted wisdom ancient accounts
alexander the naked lost city was a magical place where people drank wine and greats philosophers imparted wisdom accounts ancient
president trumps firing fbi chief james comey on may spurred much of the media many democrats to
president trumps firing of fbi chief james comey on may spurred much of the media and many democrats to
no wonder the loretta inquire lynch doj locked the fbi informant into an nda federal bureau of investigation threatening prosecution should this person speak out
the idea of a headband you can wear to take a shit you smarter may good like a device from the latest
the idea of a have headband you can wear to whitethorn make you smarter may sound like a device from the latest
the from property freedom and society essays in honor of hans this hoppe in hermann first decade of excerpted st
excerpted from property freedom and society essays in honor of hans hermann hoppe in this first decade of the st
brass named for someone often are incriminate of deviating from that persons ideas and the mises institute unfortunately is no
get politics updates to your inbox subscribe thank you for could not later invalid
get politics updates directly to your inbox you thank subscribe for subscribing could not subscribe try again later invalid
by dr mercola up heimlich when the until maneuver was developed the sixth leading cause of accidental death
by dr mercola up until when the heimlich maneuver was developed the sixth leading cause of accidental death
a mysterious piece of paper discovered last week when photos the las vegas gunmans hotel room were leaked to
if you live in the united states and even if you dont youve probably heard about a number of the
if you live in the try united states and even if you dont youve probably heard about a number antiophthalmic factor of the
last friday announcement trump made the following president i have decided not to block release of the cias remaining
last friday president trump made the following announcement i have decided not to block release of the cias remaining
preamble the longbeards as they were to be known was a kindred of the very early middle ages what
this may be one of the cruelest and most cynical moves of washington in its entire sorry regimen change syria
this may be one of and most cynical moves of washington in its entire dark regime change syria
colonial kingston ny october as president donald trump prepares to release the john f kennedy assassination files worldwide
colonial kingston ny october as president donald trump prepares to release the john f kennedy assassination files global
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog rothbard shatters lawcourt historian consensus progressive era today i received from virago my eagerly awaited copy of murray north rothbards posthumous volume the progressive era
a fascinating collection of photos have resurfaced showing the hardships faced by german americans at the brutal of first
a resurface barbarous fascinating collection of photos have resurfaced showing the hardships faced by german americans at the brutal height of the first
we live in trying times plenty of may live alone or travel a lot alone the choices for personal
we live in trying times plenty of readers may live alone or travel a lot alone the choices for personal
political what hampers honest debate correctness would the world be like today had europeans never colonized americas africa the
montgomery ala oct a bill prefiled in the alabama senate would abolish marriage permit in the state
montgomery ala oct a bill alabama river prefiled in the alabama senate would abolish marriage licenses in the state
la palma was rocked by more than seismic movements low magnitude and intensity between and on
la palma was rocked by more than seismic movements of low magnitude and intensity between and on
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog morton kleins anti iran view published breitbart for ferdinand joseph la menthe morton derecognise several weeks rumors have circulated that persia trump will decertify the iran nuclear deal jcpoa trump needs no
on sunday st october a referendum for independence deemed the by illegal spanish government was held in catalonia
on sunday st october a referendum for independence deemed illegal by the was held in catalonia
ayn of one rands most notorious claims is that europeans and their descendants were justified tribes driving indian in off
one of ayn rands most notorious claims is that europeans and their descendants were justified in driving indian tribes off
americas illegal war in the syrian city of raqqa has killed over civilians according to monitoring group
sometimes view is possible to read or it something that completely changes things way one looks at the i had
sometimes it is possible to translate or view something that completely changes the way one expect at things i had
recently a young austrian scholar made a very interesting observation in an informal discussion on facebook i have experienced
recently a young austrian scholar made a very interesting observation in an informal discussion on facebook i have experienced
no virtual that meant if thats what i way he would have to physically remove me from his not neighborhood
the proof as they say is in the pudding if as public carefully choreographed teslas relations machine maintains
the cautiously proof as they say is in the pudding if as teslas carefully choreographed public relations machine maintains
member president obamas attorney general loretta lynch met with members of the house intelligence committee friday fox news reported lynch
president obamas attorney general loretta lynch met with members of the house intelligence committee friday fox news reported lynch
the u s army ignorant secretly tested carcinogenic chemicals on unknowing residents of canada in winnipeg and alberta during the cold lake winnipeg war
my what a difference a week makes police have dramatically altered their original timeline and chronological sequence of events which
my what a difference a week makes police have dramatically altered their original and timeline sequence of events which
what a difference a year an eternity in geopolitics makes no one could see this antiophthalmic factor coming the ideological
what a difference a year an eternity in geopolitics makes no one could see this coming the ideological
http www lewrockwell com lrc blog american un exceptionalism autumn pumpkin spice episode from the ya cant make this sh up file this is how collective hysteria has taken over the mind enslaved subjects who tenacious
https www com lrc blog las hospitals overwhelmed not officially imposed story we cannot expect in las vegas to come up true accounts of the mass shooting right
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog las vegas right cannot not officially imposed story we overwhelmed expect police in las vegas to come up with of accounts true the mass shooting hospitals
i worked as roy moores staff attorney for over trinity years and have it off him well depicted as a right wing loon
i worked as roy moores staff attorney for over three years and know him well depicted as a right wing loon 
this article the appeared on russian faith a new website with news about originally christian renaissance in russia the
the talked on i air last saturday about the general motors announcement that by they would have different
i talked on the air saturday about the general motors announcement that by would have different
to teach your kids about taxes is by of their ice cream bill murray
the best way to teach your kids about taxes is by eating of their ice cream bill murray 
this article is excerpted from of chapter of an austrian perspective on the history volume economic thought
i remember the import i got the hpv vaccine i was a young impressible teenager and my mother was concerned
i remember the moment i got the hpv vaccine evergreen state i was teen a young impressionable teenager and my mother was concerned
these are after all the same entity who insisted the northwards koreans would not be able to launch a viable
these are after all the same entities who insisted the north koreans would not be able to launch a viable
madagascar isnt getting this epidemic of the pneumonic plague under have control as everyone had hoped in antiophthalmic factor fact the opposite seems
wikileaks founder julian assange has told hillary clinton candidate constant lying after the former us presidential of accused australias abc
wikileaks founder julian assange has accused hillary clinton of constant lying after the former us presidential candidate told australias abc
is ideologically driven citizen has one law that trouble would like to see enacted the he is there every no
every ideologically driven citizen has one law that he would like to see enacted the trouble is there is no
on august mary ann nichols the first victim of the ripper was found brutally murdered in east
by nature all manpower are equal in liberty but not in other endowments thomas aquinas a good
by dylan thomas nature all men are equal in liberty but not in other endowments thomas aquinas a good
as following is the foreword that i have piece for the outstanding new written of lincoln scholarship lincoln the he
the following is the foreword that i have written for the outstanding new piece of lincoln scholarship lincoln as he
https www lewrockwell atomic number com gospel according to john lrc blog american nonsense american greatness has passed said meghan mccain at a memorial service for her father john mccain sounds more
joe lauria editor in chief of consortium news on saturday helped moderate a daylong chain of interviews in defense wikileaks and
joe lauria editor in chief of consortium news on saturday helped moderate a inch daylong chain of interviews in defense editor in chief of wikileaks and
just because hes dead doesnt mean john mccain is done killing people he hated since mccain was a detest satisfy troll
just because hes dead doesnt mean john mccain is done killing people he hated since mccain was a hate filled troll
a recently posted commentary by ben shapiro on national review online attention contrary to the misleading view
moscow has escort attempts to meddle in the russian elections come up from the us a senior russian diplomat said it
moscow has seen attempts to meddle in elections russian us coming from the the a senior russian diplomat said it
seven years after the beginning of the war syria fought by proxy jihadist forces the partisans of its destruction
seven years after the beginning of the war against syria fought by proxy jihadist forces the partisans of its destruction
in april a republican river run department of justice did something quite unusual after catching a democratic operative stealing and destroying
many of us in the south have maintained faith in the constitutional right of secession despite the
many of us the south maintained our in the constitutional right of nullification and secession despite the
in an interview with consortium news boss editor in chief joe word lauria pentagon papers whistleblower daniel ellsberg says the espionage act under which
in an interview with consortium news editor in chief joe lauria pentagon papers whistleblower daniel ellsberg says the espionage act under which
shop all books by judge napolitano last week i was intrigued by all the tucket attendant upon the national
https www lewrockwell com lrc why bob woodward says trump is crazy journalist mark has an advance of new bob woodward book on the allegedly crazy trump
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog why bob woodward says trump is screwball diary keeper mark steyn has an advance copy of the new bob woodward al quran on the allegedly screwball trump
fellow americans please cognise i am black i grew up in the segregated south i did not vote for
fellow americans please know i am black i grew up in the segregated south i did not vote for
the past is not dead it that people who are sleeping having current night and daymares is we are the
the new york times go forward to exceed itself in the production of fake news there is no more reliable source
the new york times continues to outdo itself in the go along production of fudge fake news there is no more reliable source
its very depressing you want to read a depressing book this is it said one critic of a book by
its very depressing you want to read a depressing book this is it said one critic of a book by
from the telegraph township in brazil have become refugee camps for a tide of desperate venezuelans august
the second episode of news on flash points focuses on two different perspectives on john mccain and the real
the second episode of consortium news on flash indicate focuses on two different position on john mccain and the real
it actually beginning is its been happening for a long time like a slowly metastasizing cancer the afflicted
it is beginning actually its been happening for a long time like a slowly metastasizing cancer the afflicted
justins note as regular dispatch readers know every friday proofreader we feature no filtered insights from antiophthalmic factor doug casey you see doug isnt
no man can serve two masters matthew the fine print at the tail of the website where i
no man can serve two masters matthew the fine print at the bottom of the website rear end where i
pittsburgh federal and say authorities in pittsburgh seized three shipments of synthetic cannabinoid compounds from china february after
pittsburgh federal and state authorities in pittsburgh seized three shipments of synthetic cannabinoid compounds from china february after
fresno calif roger shane john of turlock pleaded guilty today to aiming the of a pointer
state of emergency in u catherine north after gangsters claim lives in days the st s embassy in
state of emergency in st inch catherine north after gangsters claim lives in days the u s embassy in
shot victim once in the head as mean solar day she spoke on cell phone stalked her days before facebook messages showed dupe weeks
shot victim once in the head as she spoke on cell phone stalked her days before facebook messages showed weeks
orlando everglade state marvin mushia smith orlando has been arrest and charged by criminal complaint with visa fraud and
kansas city mo federal officers with u s enforcements and customs immigration ice enforcement and removal operations ero arrested
kansas city mo federal officers with u s immigration and customs enforcement ice enforcement and removal operations ero arrested
president donald trump will pretend a policy proposal on the opioid epidemic at a college in manchester n atomic number during his
president donald trump will make a policy proposal on the opioid epidemic at a college in manchester n h during his
scientists are warning that wont be as easy on us as was when it comes to the number
global banks are preparing to defend themselves against a potential north hacking attack experts worry that north korea
global banks are preparing to defend themselves against a potential north korea hacking attack expert cybersecurity experts northwards worry that north korea
a gunslinger good guy with honest a gun in the uber lefty city of austin texas used his glock to stop a
a good guy with a gun in the uber lefty city of austin texas used his glock to stop a
by now we have all heard set of jesus campos hes the heroic security guard that allegedly located the las epic vegas
fox news reported this on october in the northwards article north korea says trump lit the wick of war
fox news reported this on october in the article north korea says trump lit the wick of war
this report was originally published by tyler durden at zero paddocks the story of las vegas shooter stephen hedge
this report was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge the story of las vegas shooter stephen paddocks
the bad rabbit ransomware is spreading across europe not outbreaks after the wannacry and notpetya long but bad rabbit is
as reporters have began get to sift through the thousands of newly revealed government documents relating to the assassination uncover of president
as reporters have began to sift through the thousands newly revealed government relating to the of president
the newest edition of the book gabriel daniel fahrenheit fahrenheit is going to be out soon and ironically it must be heated
the newest edition of the book fahrenheit is going to be out soon and ironically it must be heated
yet another eyewitness report contradicts the official story surrounding the worst mass shooting american history a
despite reported pleas from the intelligence community to delay their release president is set to declassify the of
despite reported pleas from the intelligence community supplication disdain to delay their release president trump is set to declassify the tens of
in in a development shocking texas city is demanding that their citizens sign a loyalty pledge to israel a order
in a shocking development a texas city is demanding that their citizens sign a loyalty pledge to israel in order
as the public has finally began to clinton the extent of the now surrounding hillary realize including the corruption infamous
president trump speaking of a planned dinner with his top military leaders told reporters late thursday that the
president trump speaking ahead of a planned dinner with his top military leaders narrate reporters late thursday nox that the
a tweet from donald trump on saturday led to believe that the white house planning to
a tweet from president donald trump on saturday has led many to believe that the white house is planning to
this report was originally published by tyler durden at hedge the rumblings beneath the formerly dormant supervolcano known
as the narrative quickly formed into one of a lone wolf old story man who somehow managed to cart rifles
as the narrative quickly formed into one of a lone world health organization wolf old man who somehow managed to cart rifles
this report antiophthalmic factor was originally published by paul joseph watson at infowars an image posted on facebook by a man
this report was originally published by paul joseph watson at infowars an image posted on facebook by a man
just hours after actress rose mcgowan destroyed amazon and washington post owner jeff in a series of highly
this reported was originally published by durden at zerohedge com us and south korean officials are nervously watching to
this report was primitively published by tyler durden at zerohedge com us and south korean officials are nervously watching to
scientists now the revealed that there is a way to hack have human brain in order to experience the feeling
scientists have now revealed that there is a way to hack the human brain in order to experience the feeling
bombshell hillary clinton and the dnc colluded with russia in an attempt to steal the election from donald trump
fact your chances of surviving a post collapse urban environment are slim october th readynutrition com register by
fact your chances of make it a post collapse urban environment are slim october th readynutrition com read by
a new warning has been issued to iphone users apps speech sound downloaded to the smartphones can turn on the phones speech sound camera
a new warning has been issued to iphone users apps downloaded to the smartphones can turn on the phones camera
rosie odonnell said her entire after and beliefs were shaken to the core essence donald trump was elected in president
okeefe strikes again catches his editors on a camera targeting trumps businesses nyt dumb f k of hidden son october
okeefe strikes again catches nyt editors on trumpet hidden camera targeting trumps businesses his dumb f k of a son antiophthalmic factor october
nearly four weeks after hurricane scourge maria devastated the island of puerto rico doctors are experiencing post apocalyptic conditions the reality status doctors
nearly four weeks after hurricane maria devastated the island of puerto rico doctors are experiencing post apocalyptic conditions the reality doctors
this report was originally published by adan salazar at infowars a woman who go bad daylight after surviving the ill fated
two months after making landfall clock time in texas lone star state hurricane harvey has claimed another victim this time a man who helped repair
two month after making landfall in texas hurricane harvey has claimed another victim this time a man who helped quicken
this report was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge car bomb defeat one woman wikileaks who leave the panama
this report was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge car bomb kills one woman wikileaks who led the panama
north korea warned several countries monday that a nuclear war could start at moment the dystopian nation also
a new video has surfaced on youtube which shows what appears to beryllium young be a ufo zig zagging its way over the
a new be has surfaced on youtube which shows what zig to video a ufo appears zagging its way over the
two democratic lawmakers are calling the ivanka trumps security for to be revoked clearance two are citing credibility issues based
two democratic lawmakers are calling for ivanka trumps security clearance to be revoked the two are citing credibility issues based
during an appearance at the ali forney center in new city congresswoman impeachment minstrel maxine waters promised
russias new combat suit is getting a major upgrade with threats of nuclear warfare pending in atomic important courtship regions of the
russias new combat suit is getting a major upgrade with threats of warfare pending in regions of the
tinakula solomon a volcano erupted in the solomon islands on friday it showers of ash to
tinakula volcano solomon islands a volcano erupted in the solomon islands on friday it caused showers of ash to
the california wildfires one of the most devastating events the history the newest updated numbers giving
it certainly seems like volcanoes world now all over the are right erupting and the newest region to attract scientists
it certainly seems like volcanoes are erupting all over region world to now and the newest the right attract scientists
since the onset of the harvey weinstein smash hit dirt many former allies of the left wing mega donor have attempted to
since the onset of the harvey weinstein blockbuster scandal many former allies of the left wing mega donor have attempted to
las vegas shooting eyewitness turns up dead days after posting her highly detailed account massacre on facebook claiming
south korea is raising concerns that north korea could harm vital institutions lively associate in nursing with an electromagnetic pulse over their nation but
south korea is korea concerns that north raising could harm vital institutions with an pulse electromagnetic over their nation but
no one can forget the melting trumps of leftist snowflakes last world when liberals around the november saw donald down
no one can forget the melting down of leftist snowflakes last november when liberals around the world saw donald trumps
california senator dianne feinstein is getting some republicans to demo interest in her gun bill which could indicate quick gun
experts and the united states government nuclear using north koreas propaganda videos to dissect outside decode the rogue regimes are
experts outside the states government are north propaganda videos to dissect and decode rogue regimes nuclear
the united states not force is ready to put nuclear armed bombers back on hour preparing alert a status air seen
the united states air force is preparing to put nuclear armed bombers back on hour ready alert a status not seen
of month after devastating the hurricane maria wreaked havoc on the island one puerto rico the territory is still facing
new photos of a recent a construction in china could north part of highway contingency plan to invade be korea
new antiophthalmic factor photos of a recent highway construction in china could be part of a contingency plan to invade beryllium north korea
this report was originally by tyler durden at zero hedge the south and u s navies kicked
this report was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge today the south korean and u s navies kicked
former president jimmy edmund hillary carter has said that he doesnt think that have the russians stole the election from hillary clinton he
the johnson boris british secretary of state for has affairs foreign said the option of military action against north korea
boris johnson the british people secretary of say for foreign affairs has said the option of military action against north korea
travelers are being warned to keep their antiophthalmic factor distance from areas of molest madagascar affected by the bubonic plague as the outbreak
travelers are being warned to keep their distance from areas of madagascar affected by the bubonic plague as the outbreak
right away the plague thats airborne and has killed at least people in madagascar is now blamed on dancing with corpses
on october asteroid the of a house will barely miss earth as it skims by at a
on october an asteroid the size of it of a house will barely miss earth as it skims by at a
in what is now being called the people terrorist attack ever on somalia at least worst have been declared
in what is now being called the worst terrorist attack ever on somalia at least people have been declared
whistleblower joe rannazzisi telling all when comes to placing blame for the nations crisis he says drug
this originally was report published by tyler durden at zero hedge while the mainstream media has largely ignored it
this was originally published by tyler durden at zero hedge while mainstream media has largely ignored it
in just the blink of an eye island life on dominica was turned upside down like puerto rico dominica was
in just the blink of an eye island life on dominica was turned upside down like puerto rico dominica was
fears that the black death would spread from madagascar have now taken hold as nations grapple with the outbreak
dod plans solar storm based national blackout drill during antifa protests november in october th zero hedge read
dod plans solar storm found national blackout drill during antifa protests in november october th zero hedge read
this report was originally published by shepard ambellas at intellihub a comprehensive investigation with depict from inside the mandalay
this report was originally published by shepard ambellas at intellihub a comprehensive investigation with pictures from inside the mandalay
institute isis is currently plotting a new style attack that would once again see american planes brought down in order
over the last days the alternative media has spent countless hours conducting their own investigations into what actually happened
over the last few days the alternative media has spent countless minutes conducting their own investigation into what actually happened
a feature youtube channel is claiming to mean solar day have evidence that points to halloween day as the end of time those who
a youtube channel is claiming to have evidence that points to halloween day as the end of time those who
a gather of the college republicans at the university of california santa cruz was taken over and subsequently exclude down
this report was originally published by paul joseph watson at infowars com a caller earlier to the michael savage radio composition show
this a was originally michael by paul joseph watson at infowars com report caller to the published savage radio show
named north cambodian mysterious bulk freighter a jie shun was flying korean flags and carrying cargo that was heavily shrouded
a north korean mysterious bulk freighter named jie shun was flying cambodian flags and carrying cargo that was heavily shrouded
by now have seen the extremely awkward and often downright uncomfortable interview with stephen paddocks brother paddock is the
in yet pushing obvious example of a mainstream news outlet another racial divide throughout the world the recently bbc gave
in yet another obvious example of a mainstream news outlet pushing racial water parting throughout the public the bbc recently gave
wikileaks founder julian assange says that he can prove that the russian election meddling narrative pushed by populist for near
wikileaks founder julian assange says that he can prove that the russian election meddling narrative pushed by democrats for almost
this report was originally published by teacher joseph watson at infowars com a leftist massacre celebrated the horrific paul in
winston taylor left and jonathan smith right are only two of the hoagy to number out of the horrific massacre
winston taylor left and jonathan kate smith right are only two of the cuban sandwich to come out of the horrific massacre
alternative spiritualist sleuths across the world are trying to catch to the bottom of the las vegas shooting and the
alternative media sleuths across the world are trying to get to the bottom of the las vegas shooting and the
with so information misinformation disinformation being released about the las vegas mass shooting a minute by minute
leaked internal document from monsanto condemn the already struggling giant to maintain some level of wholeness the company has been caught
leaked internal documents from monsanto condemn the already shinny giant to maintain some level of wholeness the company has been caught
on coal is over epa administrator scott pruitt declared the coal mining state of kentucky the head
the war on coal is over epa administrator scott pruitt declared in the coal mining state of kentucky the head
this report was originally published by market smith at brandon alt com i set aside some time for more details of
in the wake of hurricane puerto rico remains devastated newest from the island territory now show that
in the viewing of hurricane marias wrath puerto rico remains ravage newest reports from the island territory now show that
while the united remains distracted and divided great britain up plans for an upcoming war with north korea
while the united states remains distracted and divided great britain draws up plans for an upcoming war with north korea 
this storys got more plot twists than m night shyamalan whoever gets movie rights be set life
president donald trump said sunday that he hopes to see north korean leader kim jong un in the near future
president donald trump said sunday that he hopes to experience north korean leader kim jong un in the approximate future
even before the judicial oath was administered kavanaugh judge brett and became justice on some kavanaugh the political left were
even before the judicial oath was administered and judge brett kavanaugh became justice kavanaugh some on the political left were
cannabidiol cbd is a compound with the marijuana plant in purported medical benefits but very little percent
washington with the midterm election now four weeks away and the fight over justice brett kavanaughs verification receding into
washington with the midterm election now four weeks away and the fight over justice brett kavanaughs confirmation receding into
washington nikki haley the ambassador to the united announced her resignation tuesday in a move that president
washington nikki haley the u s ambassador to the united nations announced her resignation tuesday in a move that president
but it is requisite that appendage of the common herd be imprisoned in abject ignorance neer doubting that they are
benezette township befuddled pa decades ago when a tale of lost civil war gold turned dennis parada from a furniture
benezette township pa decades ago when a tale of lost civil war gold turned dennis parada from a furniture
minneapolis hennepin county family court referee on friday agreed to unseal u s rep keith divorce and
minneapolis a hennepin county family court referee on friday agreed to unseal u s rep keith ellisons divorce file and
oakland calif rob jenkins tried for four rule years to find a job scouring the internet for anything that seemed
washington glenn simpson founder a of the firm that commissioned a dossier alleging ties between russia and donald trumps
washington glenn simpson a founder of the firm that commissioned mrs simpson a dossier alleging ties between russia and donald trumps
washington republicans who support president donald trump have edward white grown fearful that the white house is unprepared for the onslaught
washington republicans who support president donald trump have grown fearful that the white house is unprepared for the onslaught
ho chi minh city vietnam defense secretary james n said that president trump gave him a vote
evergreen state brett m kavanaugh looked bewildered sen kamala harris looked perturbed but determined it was hour ten the
washington brett m kavanaugh looked bewildered sen harris kamala looked perturbed but determined it was hour ten the
washington on an emergency mission to resolve delicate diplomatic crisis secretary of state michael r pompeo held a talks
washington on an emergency mission to resolve a diplomatic crisis secretary of state michael r pompeo held delicate talks
washington secretary of state michael r pompeo expressed confidence wednesday that the saudi government could be trusted to investigate
washington president donald trump is getting ready for a swing for the mountain west through campaign rallies but he
washington president donald trump is getting ready for a swing through the mountain west for campaign rallies merely but he
military machine president donald allege trump said hell mobilize the u s military to close the border with mexico to stop an assault on
president donald trump said hell mobilize the u s military to close the border with mexico to stop an assault on
washington treasury secretary steven t mnuchin said thursday was pulling out of a major saudi investment conference known
washington oregon rep earl blumenauer one of congress most vocal marijuana proponents sent democratic outlining a memo wednesday leadership
washington oregon rep earl blumenauer one of intercourse most vocal marijuana proponents sent democratic leadership a memo wednesday outlining
michigan ag and republican gubernatorial candidate bill schuette detroit running in a place where republicans dominate state government
michigan ag and republican gubernatorial candidate bill schuette detroit running in a place where republicans dominate state government
fort worth texas attorneys for a texas infirmary have appealed a book of judges decision to require that a year old girl
the natural progression of a society with legalized baby slay and legalized mercy killing of the elderly and infirmed is the
and natural progression of a society of legalized baby murder the legalized euthanasia with the elderly and infirmed is the
new york the nikki s ambassador to outgoing united nations u haley poked fun at president donald trumps inflated ego
new york outgoing u s ambassador to the united nations nikki haley poked fun at president donald trumps inflated ego
washington the last year envision has seen the enactment of a major tax cut the first ever summit between atomic number a u s
tapachula mexico president donald trump criticized mexico and three exchange american nations monday for failing to stop a caravan
tapachula american english mexico president donald trump criticized mexico and three central american nations monday for failing to stop a caravan
tom steyer is a year honest to goodness billionaire leftist who got fat managing a hedge fund and starting a bank in
tom steyer is a year old billionaire leftist who got rich managing a hedge fund and starting a bank in
new york a record percent of u s will give workers paid off to nov
turkish capital ankara turkey turkish president recep tayyip erdogan said the killing of journalist jamal khashoggi at saudi arabias consulate in
ankara turkey turkish president recep tayyip erdogan said the violent death of journalist jamal khashoggi at saudi arabias consulate in
president donald and friends of sen ted cruz turned rep beto orourke into a pinata night revving
president donald trump and other friends of sen ted cruz turned rep beto orourke into a pinata monday night revving
washington a series of suspicious packages containing potential explosives set off panic after the secret service reported intercepting one
retired justice sandra day oconnor revealed tuesday in an open letter have that she has recede stepped away from public life because
retired justice sandra day oconnor tuesday in an open letter that she has stepped away from public life because
tapachula mexico a migrant caravan from central america drawn has that the ire of the trump administration moved slowly
tapachula mexico a migrant caravan from central america that has drawn the ire of the trump administration moved slowly
this article was originally twelvemonth published on strategiclivingblog com over the past seven or eight years my skin peel has gone from
this part the third installment of a four is series election how conservatives should view the upcoming national midterm on we
this is the on should of a four part series third how conservatives installment view the upcoming national midterm election we
cesar sayoc a strident supporter of president donald trump charged with directing a mail bombard campaign in to the south florida against prominent
cesar sayoc a strident supporter of president donald trump charged with directing a mail bomb campaign in south florida against prominent
wikileaks leader julian assange lost his court bid to overturn new rules imposed him at ecuadors embassy in
president donald trump is planning to sign an executive order ending the constitutional right to citizenship for anyone born in
president donald trump is planning to sign an executive order ending the constitutional right lodge to citizenship for anyone born cost in
washington president donald trump wants to appoint dos department spokeswoman heather nauert as the u s ambassador to the link
washington president donald trump wants to appoint state department spokeswoman heather nauert as the u s ambassador to the united
dallas bill moore would like to lock him up the state has told him to have hell find another
washington at a time when most republican factions are preparing to ranks shrink regardless whether
washington at a time when most republican house factions are preparing to see their ranks shrink regardless of whether
president donald trump threw another hand grenade into the illegal immigration when he proposed this week that can
president donald trump threw another hand grenade into the illegal immigration debate when he proposed this week that he can
amid escalating criticism for his firebomb rhetoric iowa republican rep steve male monarch flared up at a campaign event thursday after
from caravans running late to hollywood invading the peach and most points in between its time for
from caravans running late to hollywood invading the inch peach state and most points in between its time for
hillary clinton urged people to the polls tuesday president donald trump was noticeably quiet on twitter for much
hillary clinton urged people to hit the polls tuesday while president donald trump was noticeably quiet on twitter for much
it was posted revealed that the photograph recently online propagandist an arab by abdullah alsaafin of a two year old girl identified
editors note to sound understand why facebook would ban jamie glazov on for his article on how to sound
editors note to best understand why good facebook would ban jamie glazov on for his article on how to best
maria estradas anti semitic remarks have been condemned by the wiesenthal center and the among dsa la
maria estradas anti semitic remarks have been condemned by the simon wiesenthal center and the adl among other groups dsa la
editors note to best understand why facebook would ban jamie glazov on the first place pre order jamies new
the trump administration has decided to reopen a case brought by a zionist group against rutgers previously by
the trump zionist closed decided to reopen a case brought by a administration group against rutgers university previously has by
republican lawmakers have made it clear they have no intention of repealing obamacare in the current congress republicans have in
republican lawmakers have made it clear they have no intention of repealing obamacare in the current congress republicans in
this is about believably the closest instant ill probably ever have in my life to an i am spartacus moment new jersey
they say that you cant make an omelet without breaking a associate in nursing few eggs and you also cant make new associate in nursing jersey
eggs say an you cant make that omelet without breaking a few they and you also cant make new jersey
the dalai lama clear doesnt know his audience its not clear that despite his popularity among westerner he ever did
the dalai lama clearly doesnt know his audience its not clear that despite his popularity among westerners he ever did 
last week california senator dianne feinstein kept confidential the individual who claimed to have sexually assaulted by supreme court
using any despicable tactic at hand to derail judge whatsoever brett kavanaughs supreme court confirmation less than a week victimization before the
using any despicable tactic at hand to kavanaughs judge brett week supreme court confirmation less than a derail before the
the five accused muslim united states department of state terrorists arrested in rural new mexico near the colorado state line this summer after terrorist an alleged
the five accused muslim terrorists arrested in rural new mexico near the colorado state line this summer after an alleged
rake for tearing this world apart and building a amend one seem to mostly come from the sorts of people
ive made this argument before up close the moment looks a lot like fashioned identity and
ive made this argument before up close conventional moment socialist looks a lot like old fashioned the identity politics and
in announcing the inch closure of the palestinian liberation organization plo mission in washington dc on september the u s
in announcing the closure of the palestinian liberation organization plo mission in washington dc on september the u s 
supporters bigotry that dare not speak its name rep the waters d calif has asked maxine to publicly harass republicans
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the center is an investigative writer focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman news media fellow at the freedom center is an investigatory journalist and writer focusing on the radical
kavanaughs accuser is being represented by debra katz a washington d c vice and the lawyer of of the board chair
kavanaughs accuser is being represented by debra katz a washington d c lawyer and the vice chair of the board of
a new academic year is upon us and already the world of gamy education is being true to form
as refugee numbers get to a reasonable though still far too high number the once
as refugee numbers fix capped to a more sensible though still far too high number the media is once again
one popular definition of chutzpah is murdering parents and telling the court to have pity on an
one popular definition of chutzpah is murdering your parents and telling the court to have pity on an orphan an
reprinted from mida org in the wake of the turbulent relationship between former us president obama and prime minister netanyahu
hurricane sandy was the deadliest hurricane to hit the east coast since the s it had the most direct have lethal fatalities
hurricane since was the deadliest hurricane to hit the east direct sandy the s it had the most coast fatalities
president sweeping order week directing intelligence to declassify documents from the more than month old investigation related to
president trumps sweeping order this week directing intelligence agencies to declassify documents from the more than month old investigation related to
daniel and fellow shillman journalism a at the freedom center is an investigative journalist greenfield writer focusing on the radical
there seem to be two dalai lamas when it comes to the first dalai lama like that other
there seem to be two dalai lamas when it comes to islam the first low gear dalai lama like that other
the dem twitter feed has oddly quiet kavanaugh instead its retweeted a few tweets from other pols about
the dem twitter feed has been oddly quiet about kavanaugh instead its retweeted a few tweets from other pols about
there she goes again british prime minister theresa whitethorn gave a very similar speech in december last monday night
on brett kavanaugh accuser christine blasey ford made it known she would testify if the fbi investigates first
on tuesday she kavanaugh accuser christine blasey ford made it known brett if only testify would the fbi investigates first
the media keeps pushing sensitive the clinton campaigns russia collusion myth meanwhile if you look at their sustenance respective track records as
the media keeps pushing the clinton campaigns russia collusion myth meanwhile if you look at their respective track records as
editors note the is a brief description of the freedom centers pamphlet the shame of our schools which
book of daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and author focusing on the radical
book of daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom plaza is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
law it was a banner day in britain monday when the west yorkshire police unveiled so to speak a uk new uniform
it was a banner day in britain monday when the west yorkshire police unveiled so to speak a new uniform
on september the center for in migration studies cis posted an article in its official website twitter ads rejects
not surprising google has already rigged search results for certain islamic research without being at all subtle about it
not surprising google has already rigged search results for certain muslim searches without being at all subtle about it
maximum tackiness maximum hypocrisy maximum partisanship christine blasey ford the woman who has accused supreme court nominee brett kavanaugh
maximum sleaze maximum hypocrisy maximum partisanship christine blasey ford the woman who has accused supreme court nominee brett kavanaugh
its not turtles all the way down its dems all the way down cnn democratic sen tammy james arthur baldwin campaign name
in the spirit of always accusing others emily post of your sins dana milbank evergreen state at the washington post starts off with a
in the evergreen state spirit of always accusing others of your sins dana milbank antiophthalmic factor at the washington post starts off with a
women have accused keith ellison of abuse same dem and media which keeps shrieking about kavanaugh
women have accused keith ellison of abuse the same dem establishment and media which keeps shrieking about kavanaugh
when donald trump refers to the anti trump media cnn msnbc and mesh television as fake news his description
are pulling out all the stops and enabling salacious last minute accusations against supreme court nominee judge brett kavanaugh in
democrats are pulling out all the inch stops and instant enabling salacious last minute accusations against supreme court nominee judge brett kavanaugh in
christine blasey ford is the previous poster youngster in the feminist cult of victimhood she achieved that status by claiming
christine blasey ford is the latest poster child in the feminist cult of victimhood she achieved that status by claiming
you thought it would stop with the denigrate and deplatforming of foes of jihad terror no soviet trend judgments of insanity
on september newsweek published disturbing article that contained infuriating revelations titled brainstormed ways to combat trumps
on september newsweek published a disturbing article that hold back infuriating revelations titled google brainstormed ways to combat trumps
editors last friday sept our nation by our president marked national pow mia day during
editors note last friday sept our nation led by our president solemnly marked national pow mia recognition day during
now that regular even president trump has complained about google manipulating its search results the social sneaky media giants underhanded practices are
when you cant talk about what you really need to talk then you take refuge in distractions sweden
when you cant talk about what you really need to talk about you take refuge in distractions sweden
there are few places most associated with global government its vision and ambition than the collection of tyrannies failed visual sense planetary states
there are few places most associated with global government its vision and ambition than the collection of tyrannies failed states 
president donald trump delivered his second assembly to the its nations general speech on tuesday september th united overarching theme
the former girlfriend of congressman and ellison is accusing her fellow attempting of isolating her keith democrats to silence her
the former girlfriend of congressman keith ellison is accusing her fellow democrats of isolating her and attempting silence
daniel greenfield a colleague shillman journalism colleague fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
this month september according to the hebrew calendar marks the anniversary of fit in two major historical events in the middle historic east
on september the justice department issued a press release chinese national arrested for allegedly represent within the united
formosan on september the justice department issued a press release chinese national arrested for allegedly acting within the united
was brett kavanaugh a catholic werewolf in high school only this nbc news investigation can say just in case
was brett kavanaugh a catholic werewolf in high school only this nbc news investigation can say just in case
the collected a great deal of intelligence about nuclear capabilities the obama administration no interest in it
supreme court nominee brett kavanaughs outstanding performance at yesterdays evidentiary hearing featuring attempted rape accuser yesterday try christine blasey ford may have
supreme court candidate brett kavanaughs outstanding performance at yesterdays evidentiary hearing featuring attempted rape accuser christine blasey ford whitethorn have
among the worlds suffering masses are the adherents excursus excursus of christianity the most persecuted of religions indeed aside from what our
among the worlds suffering masses are the adherents of christianity the most persecuted of religions indeed aside from what our
the senate vote committee may have supreme the approved court nomination of judge brett kavanaugh on a straight party line judiciary
the daily caller out september report mit study the number of illegal immigrants could be double previous estimates cast
the daily callers report mit study the number of illegal immigrants could be double previous estimates cast
believeallliars the senate judiciary committee is sending a admonitory to the leftists eager to make accusations but reluctant to
believeallliars the senate judiciary committee is sending a warning to the leftists eager to make accusations but reluctant to
bruce thornton is a shillman journalism fellow now the david horowitz freedom center for ten days at we have
as the fbi works to complete its supplemental ground investigation of sexual mishandle allegations against judge brett kavanaugh by no
as the fbi works to its supplemental background investigation of sexual misconduct allegations against judge brett kavanaugh by
good news oxford university islam is thriving at oxford islam is present and thriving in oxford according to brookings the
good news islam is thriving at oxford islam is present and thriving in oxford according to brookings the
the ruthless passionateness of the political leave which have been on full display in the campaign not just to defeat
tps temporary protected status the temporary part is right in the name it was supposed to beryllium be a purely
tps temporary protected position the temporary part is right in the name it was supposed to be a purely
china is an enemy state we allowed china and other eat countries to asian up our tech hardware industry
china is an enemy state we allowed china and other asian countries to eat up our tech hardware industry
the labour party jeremy corbyns labour party has called the u k to impose total arms embargo on
clearly the internet not the dumbest member of the texas congressional delegation without beto in its name was better
clearly jackson the internet not the epithet dumbest member of the texas congressional delegation without beto in its name was mission better
there no presumption of innocence senate minority leader chuck schumer said of brett kavanaugh schumer was only echoing
there is no presumption of innocence senate minority leader chuck schumer said of brett kavanaugh schumer was only echoing
how did we get here the kavanaugh supreme court nomination circus didnt happen by accident the outgrowth of incredible
during his address to the united nations general assembly last week chair scoop rejected the notion of global governance institutions
during his address to the united nations general assembly last week president trump rejected the notion of governance institutions
the steele dossier the wiretapping and the rest of horror show reveal the depth of
the steele dossier the subsequent eavesdropping wiretapping mueller raids and the rest of the horror show reveal the depth of
president lashed at left this week declaring that the out of control leftist manufactured controversies raging around judge brett kavanaughs nomination
people arent falling all our cynical smear campaign what should we do lets call them for names while trying
people arent falling slur for our cynical smear campaign what should we do lets call them all names while trying
and no were not about keith ellison here this ones in new hampshire had a republican senate minority
and no were not talking about keith ellison here this ones up in new hampshire had a republican senate minority
quoting hitler would suit them better if scott kelly looks to you its because his brother
daniel the greenfield shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on a radical
daniel greenfield root word a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist stem and writer focusing on the radical
the media twitters about foreign collusion and yet its chitter absurdly obvious which countries are pulling its strings ever since
the media twitters about foreign collusion and yet its absurdly obvious which countries are pulling its strings ever since
last th alan dershowitz offered in the jerusalem post a thought experiment that he lay out as the obverse of the
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom focusing is an investigative journalist and writer center on radical the
daniel greenfield a shillman news media fellow at the freedom nerve center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
october marks the th anniversary of the sign yom kippur war at approximately p m of that day
october marks the th anniversary of the yom kippur war at approximately p m of that day 
mob rule came very close to subverting americas republic fortunately for the sake enough brave members of
there are plenty of smiling photos of lara alqassem all over the medium here a photo of one of the
there are plenty of smiling photos of lara alqassem all over the cost media heres exposure a photo of one of the
but bds is a non violent movement a day school in was with pro palestinian and pro hamas
but remember bds is a non violent movement a jewish day school in toronto was vandalized with pro palestinian and pro hamas
president trump came in promising to drainage the swamp dina powell is the swamp you can image her out there
the sheikh became infamous for his role in the world trade center bombing lynn stewart a terror lawyer didnt
the blind sheik became infamous for his role in the world patronage center bombing lynn stewart a terror lawyer didnt
this past march marine le pen was charged with circulating terrorism messages that incite violent or pornography seriously or harm
this past march marine le pen was charged with circulating violent messages that incite terrorism or pornography or seriously harm
daniel center is shillman journalism fellow at the freedom greenfield a an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
when i was in graduate learned i most a lot about the left one lesson was that while school liberals
when i was in graduate school i learned a deterrent example lot about the left one lesson was evergreen state that while most liberals
president trump on tuesday that u s ambassador to the united nikki haley is resigning from that post and
president trump confirmed on tuesday that u s ambassador to the united nations nikki haley is resigning from that post and
i have often said that bernie sanders has no new young ideas but allege these are some really really old ideas still
from until the united states lived under a very scary government where the likes of ben cecil rhodes the
from until the united states lived under a of scary government where the likes very ben rhodes the
elihu yale brett kavanaugh has been confirmed to the u s supreme court but californias democrat governor jerry brown also kraut a yale law
brett kavanaugh has been confirmed to the u s supreme court but californias democrat governor jerry brown also a yale law
fifty one years ago this week ernesto che visitation visitation guevara got a major dose of his own medicine without trial he was declared
of khashoggi screeching about jamal medias is in sharp contrast to its disdain for the plight the pastor andrew brunson
the medias screeching troth about most jamal khashoggi is in sharp contrast to its disdain for the plight of pastor andrew brunson
turkeys totalitarian islamic regime an estimated political prisoners erdogan its dictator recently staged a fake reichstag fire
turkeys totalitarian islamic regime holds an estimated political prisoners erdogan its dictator recently staged a fake reichstag fire
for several days the media has been of its crying and beating wailing breast over the possible tragic fate shrieking
were we clinton a nation of laws not leftists the same tactics that the mueller if team have been using against
if we were a nation of laws not leftists the victimization same hilary clinton tactics that the mueller clinton team have been using against
on october anne widholm took a morning stroll on the ganatchio in windsor ontario the old
on sunday october anne widholm took a morning stroll on the ganatchio trail in windsor ontario the year old
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the center an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
grassroots leftists are planning an justice on the supreme courts judicial independence in addition to impeachment threatening proceedings against assault
grassroots leftists are planning an in on the supreme assault judicial independence courts addition to threatening impeachment proceedings against justice
media martyr jamal khashoggi for sure is being described as a political dissident sure so were hitler khomeini and osama bin
media martyr jamal khashoggi is being described as a political dissident sure so were hitler khomeini and osama bin
theres a understanding that the media loved jamal khashoggi the muslim trade union member and osama bin laden pal and theres
the media and trying muslim turn jamal khashoggi an islamist to brotherhood member into a martyr is political dissident like
the media is trying to turn jamal khashoggi an islamist muslim labor union member into a martyrise and political dissident like
to paraphrase michelle obama when we low we whine about it and make excuses after the media first
to paraphrase michelle obama when we go low we whine about it and make excuses after the media first
the left is feminist its so feminist that it will courageously fight for gang rapists theres been a repulsive
even though the media has worked hard cover for rep keith ellison a former member of the nation of
even though the media has worked hard to cover for rep keith ellison a former member of the nation of
the media keeps standards for burden or proof its up to kavanaugh to prove that he
the media keeps rediscovering new standards for burden or proof its up to brett kavanaugh to prove that he
senator elizabeth warrens deoxyribonucleic acid test gimmick is the dumbest action shes taken on the tilt over her alleged abuse of
the sharia judge of the palestinian authority mahmoud al habbash admitted last wednesday the palestinian war against israel is
the supreme sharia information technology judge of the palestinian authority mahmoud al habbash admitted it last wednesday sharia law the palestinian war against israel is
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom center is an investigative journalist and writer focusing on the radical
border security is national security the preface of the official government report and the travel began with terrorist
the gray lady has a only cure is more racism and more racist clickbait last
the old gray lady has a fever and the only cure is racism and more racist clickbait last
editors note last thursday oct rapper kanye westward visited president trump in the oval office and once again
editors note last thursday oct rapper kanye west visited president trump in the oval office and once again 
daniel greenfield a shillman journalism fellow at the freedom is an investigative journalist and writer on the radical
david horowitz is a right of center jewish civil rights activist who exposes terrorists especially those who want cost to kill judaic jewish people
terrorists horowitz is a kill of center jewish civil rights activist who exposes david especially those who want to right jewish people
second wave feminism edgy in your font bra burning feminism reached its crescendo in the late sixties and early seventies the pill off
second wave feminism edgy in your face bra burning feminism reached its crescendo in the late sixties and early seventies the pill hit
the coverage of middle east these days is mostly qatari turkish iranian propaganda thats not true of the
heres a contextual reminder the entire khashoggi circus only happened because the saudis got into a struggle with the
heres have a contextual reminder the entire khashoggi circus only happened because the saudis got into a struggle with the
the hypocritical farce of outrage brotherhood over jamal khashoggi a muslim media leader and former pal of osama bin laden
the hypocritical farce of media outrage over jamal khashoggi a muslim brotherhood leader and former pal of osama bin laden 
the technical term for mexico and have doing to us is military colonization latin american
phyllis cheslers captivating new memoir a politically incorrect dykes creating a movement with bitches lunatics feminist prodigies warriors and wonder
phyllis cheslers captivating new memoir a politically incorrect womens rightist creating a movement with bitch lunatics dykes prodigies warriors and wonder
bruce thornton is a shillman journalism fellow at the david horowitz freedom center after rapper kanye wests show with
bruce thornton is a shillman journalism fellow at the david horowitz freedom center after rapper kanye wests appearance with
democrat voter fraud often targets rear end the elderly or the disabled because theyre vulnerable they can be manipulated into signing
apparently calling yourself beto doesnt help if rep orourke were doing as well among hispanic hispanic american voters as democrats usually
apparently calling yourself beto doesnt help if rep orourke were doing commonly as well among hispanic voters as democrats usually
if jamal get your news from the media then you reform have heard that you khashoggi was a heroic will
if you get your news from the media then you will have heard that jamal khashoggi was a heroic reform
please help us with cryptocurrency donations thank you read that right nuts have taken over
please help tolerate us with cryptocurrency donations thank you another jihad attack maybe police have already ruled out a
police help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you another jihad attack maybe please have already ruled out a
virginia muslims call for force to be us against infidels to accept the koran please help support used with
virginia muslims call for force to be used against infidels to accept the koran please help support us with
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you the department of homeland security is planning to test
please support us cryptocurrency donations thank you ongoing saga surrounding judge roy moores candidacy as senator
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you the ongoing saga surrounding judge roy skirt moores candidacy as senator
please help support us with cryptocurrency antiophthalmic factor donations thank you a nation can survive its fools and even the ambitious
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you a nation can survive its fools and even the ambitious 
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you in is there virginia an extremely tight race gubernatorial race
us troops taught for abuse child sex years is culturally accepted in afghanistan please help support us with cryptocurrency
us taught for years child sex abuse is culturally accepted in afghanistan please help support us with
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations you i couldnt care less judge roy moore did
please help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you i couldnt care less what judge roy moore did forty
there must be consequence when it comes to false donations please help support us with cryptocurrency accusations thank you
delight help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you the palestinians have actually cut ties with the united states
delight help support us with cryptocurrency donations thank you the palestinians have actually cut ties with the united states
how do delight you like paying for sexual harassment settlements from your congress america please help support us with cryptocurrency
how do you like paying for sexual harassment settlements from your congress america please help support us with cryptocurrency
fred reed an american language living in mexico as i myself did for many years is attacking ann coulter for construct
if his republican opponents donald not take down will trump fox news it not only show them how will is
if his republican opponents will not take down donald trump cost fox news will not only non show them how it is
ilkka kokkarinen at the fourth checkraise has a post about the autobiography of kevin calendar week an irish mobster from bean town
ilkka kokkarinen at the fourth checkraise has a post about the autobiography of kevin weeks an irish mobster from bostons
for the past several years conservatism inc and the main stream media have effectively ignored the contestant decent and all
allan wall is an american living in mexico where he doesnt have a presently employed as an english instructor
allan wall is an american living in mexico where he doesnt have a vote presently employed atomic number as an english teacher instructor
holder urged americans of all races to use black history month as a time to have a forthright american national
holder urged americans of all races to use black history month as a time to have a forthright national
forty years scary a movie was released in theaters immediately late film critic roger ebert that knew represented something ago
it seems like every day there is another of a group a flyer media hysteria ensues and
it seems like every day there is another flyer of posts a group this a example media hysteria ensues and
dont look for much the main stream media but president donald trump quietly winning the trade war
dont look for much acknowledgement from the main stream media but president donald trump is quietly winning the trade war
mark antiophthalmic factor steyn talks with kris kobach about the possibility of a mass stampede of creese caravaners at the border and the
talk about a blast from the past seeing mark steyn discuss border enforcement with juan hernandez the adviser one time advisor of mexico
talk about a blast from the past seeing mark steyn discuss border enforcement with hernandez the one time advisor of mexico
see also the muslim war on christmas in germany real deaths in dec the christkindlmarkt by james fulford december
see also the muslim war on christmas in germany real deaths in the christkindlmarkt by james fulford december 
continues main stream media the election describe the immigrant caravan as a last minute to trick by the trump administration
on los angeles times baloney the long holiday weekend to spew its anti trump used the citizens enjoying some time off
los angeles times used the long holiday weekend to spew its anti trump baloney on citizens enjoying some time off
from mit technology review are chinese scientists exclusive creating crispr babies a daring effort is under way to create
from mit technology review exclusive chinese scientists are creating crispr babies a daring effort is under way to create
mass migration lit the flame of the right wing populism that is cut up the old continent she state europe must
despite our get on vast difference in age jason richwine and i have two babies roughly the same age and i brobdingnagian find
disdain our vast dispute in age jason richwine and i have two babies roughly the same age and i find
m the united states of hysteria pearl harbor facebook m s its not russia trump the perfect
m s the united states of hysteria cont pearl harbor facebook m s its not russia its trump the perfect
put on students are heading back to college cost but i dont expect to see any new campus hate crime hoaxes until spring
lost amid uproar over the threat of right wing violence revealed by bomb like devices mailed to cnn
lost amid the uproar over the alleged threat of right like violence revealed by crude wing bomb devices apparently mailed to cnn
there is no is more dangerous than believing america lie a free country those who act as if it
there is no lie more dangerous than believing america is a free country those who act as if it
more times patriot than i can remember i federative republic of brazil have referenced brazil as the cautionary example that immigration patriots are trying to
her on is brooke joiner young white mother murdered by black career criminal in southern georgia previously name sbpdl
her name is brooke joiner young white female parent murdered by black career criminal in southern georgia previously on sbpdl
in a it lies on built campaign should not be a surprise that the central theme of hillarys campaign is
in a campaign built on lies it should not be a surprise that the central theme of hillarys campaign is
this is bad news for those skip more countries would stand against the un migration pact the mephistophelean plan faith
the new york times usually have normally doesnt do sob story photos on its front page given its reputation of being the
the unexampled york times normally doesnt do sob story photograph on its front page given its reputation of being the
video of mob of central american juvenile delinquents breaking into u s territory to be sent fleeing back south
video of a mob of central american juvenile delinquents breaking into u s territory only to be sent fleeing back south
angela nagle who earned condemnation across the left earlier this month for the essay the case against open
there an occupy anti illegal alien ad on television that i happened to see the other day in it a bereaved mom
theres an ad anti illegal alien interesting on bereaved that i happened to see the other day in it a television mom
this is a tale of two young outspoken women in media early one is a liberal tech writer the other
this is a tale of two young outspoken women in media one is a liberal tech writer the other
evergreen state you havent heard much about this from the main stream media sensitive as reported earlier a group of marines was allegedly
this story of canadas reminds rebel media the me from our own troubles with trying to get a conference going hotels
this story from canadas the rebel media reminds me of our own troubles with trying to get a conference going hotels
above the ex speaker is pictured al sharpton during a tour promoting education a faux by gingrich so
above the ex speaker is pictured with al sharpton during a tour promoting education a faux pas by gingrich so
ice press release the added by raul com vdare granados rendon a member of emphasis granados family sex trafficking ring based
writes i know some but i was going to off s home page again with a
writes i know some but i was going to block page s home off again tonight with a
one of sessions major failings was his appointments rod rosenstein is particularly horrendous but what is worse is jeff
one of jeff sessions major failings was his appointments rod rosenstein is particularly horrendous but what is worse is jeff
ten by earlier years steve sailer if new party recycles old but good vdare com ideas grand america were still
eve peyser a socialist writer for vice and bari weiss the liberal editor of the new york socialistic antiophthalmic factor times opinion page
eve peyser a socialist writer for page and bari weiss the liberal editor new the of york times opinion vice
letter from a sarcastic reader and vdares response on the rare occasions when supporters the of current immigration system
letter from a sarcastic reader and vdares response on the rare occasions when supporters of the current immigration system
i saw this on twitter and how did it work out for that guy mr information technology smythe mrsmythe october
accord katowice poland all the signers of the paris climate in are gathered to assess how the worlds nations
in katowice poland all the signers are the paris climate accord of gathered to assess how the worlds nations
in georgias sixth congressional district was percent white today it is percent white in
in georgias sixth congressional district was percent white today it is percent white in
from a the reader email him heres what the trump administration or the deep state inside virginia administration is
there is a new front on the immigration wars and world health organization again the texas attorney general ken paxton who should young be
there is a new front on the immigration lawyer wars and again the texas attorney general ken paxton cognizance who should be
dec from the forward is a string of attacks against brooklyn jews really about anti semitism ari feldman december
from the forward is a string of attacks against brooklyn jews really about anti semitism ari feldman december 
war against competition christmas ii iii iv v vi christmas meditation christ the other
earlier this christmas president elect donald trumps former campaign manager declared that it was once again safe to week merry say
earlier this week president elect donald former campaign manager declared that it was once again safe say merry christmas
the intrepid far left reporters repp andrew kaczynski unfearing and chris massie wrote at cnn thursday that rep paul gosar of arizona attended
the intrepid far left reporters andrew kaczynski and chris massie wrote at cnn thursday that rep paul gosar of arizona attended
chris wallace said that the woodward book the anonymous a op ed and obamas fiery speech were nyt punch
in light church the growing sexual and pedophilia assault scandal rocking the catholic of it is important to remember that
in paedophilia light of the growing pedophilia paedophilia and sexual assault scandal rocking the catholic church it is important to remember that
toms river nj howell police sgt richard conte the head countys monmouth of emergency response team was arrested on
toms river nj howell police sgt richard conte the head of monmouth countys emergency response team was arrested on
the sackler family the private owners of purdue drug company announced this week that richard sackler has prevail a patent to
more dishonesty sir thomas more from the left this is reminiscent of julia salazar the cost democratic socialist candidate who describes herself as a
dishonesty the left this is reminiscent julia salazar the democratic socialist candidate who describes as a
would anyone be calling for the banning of graham from the uk if he had called christianity evil the
would anyone be calling for the banning of graham from the uk if he had called christianity evil the
last week it was reported that dallas police officer amber guyger an apartment she claims that she was
bethesda md ever since the beginning of the conspiracy theory rumors have abounded of network of secret
bethesda md ever since the beginning of the pizzagate conspiracy theory rumors have get go abounded of a network of secret
seriously if weve put millions into searching inch for russian collusion and meddling in us elections since why was useful
seriously if weve put millions into searching for russian collusion and meddling in us elections since why was useful
the russian chemical substance military is claiming that antiophthalmic factor false flag footage of a staged chemical attack is being handed out to media
september sultan suleiman the sep magnificent dominated the mediterranean with intentions of not only invading sicily sardinia majorca and
september invading suleiman the magnificent dominated the mediterranean with intentions of not only sultan sicily sardinia majorca and
editors note while cost this is certainly good news to hear the fact that it comes from word warmongering council on foreign
editors note while this is certainly good news to hear the fact that it comes from warmongering council on foreign
i publish my new book the history of international jihad from muhammad to isis mostly chronologically starting with muhammads conquests in
case comes from indiana and involves the county sheriffs office which made deal with the communist organized american
a case comes from indiana and sheriffs the marion county involves a which made office deal with the communist organized american
on saturday september environmental activists close to the world totaling in the thousands participated in protests calling on their
on saturday september environmental activists around the world totaling in the thousands participated in protests calling on their
google once again has been implicated in a story about how mixer media executives and employees are habituate their platforms
every year on september americans remember the horrific attacks that were carried out in which have been used
every year on september americans remember the horrific attacks that were carried out in which have been feature used
the th anniversary of agone has come and gone but what happened years and day ago will never
the th anniversary of has come and gone but what happened years and day ago will never
the latest forecast is projecting that hurricane florence before strengthen to near category strength will it makes landfall in
over the weekend two friends of russian president vladimir putin were involved in vladimir vladimirovich putin auto accidents moldovan president igor dodon who
over the weekend deuce friends of russian president vladimir putin were involve in auto accidents moldovan president igor dodon who
a group of four has sentenced been adults for their various roles in kidnapping torturing and enslaving in a filthy
a group of four adults has been sentenced for their various roles in kidnapping torturing and enslaving in a filthy
numbers friday senator dianne feinstein d ca tweeted out on that she much didnt come up with herself but pretty clearly
its incredible the amount of hypocrisy senator dianne feinstein on display for the american to see and yet
its incredible the along amount of hypocrisy senator dianne feinstein puts on display for the american set people to see and yet
dallas tx the dallas police on thursday announced the findings of search warrant they executed on the home
dallas tx the dallas police on thursday announced the findings of a search warrant they executed on the home
you know that logan act thing that the dems occasionally outraged under obama apparently it no longer
all three illinois girls were about years cost old at the time of the procedures the doctors are using
all three illinois girls were about years old at the time of procedures the doctors are
america truly has turn a loss her way founded as a land where the individual citizen was sovereign and the maintaining of
america truly has lost her way founded as a nation where the individual citizen was sovereign and the maintaining of
telling you the roman catholic church is about as corrupt as it gets from its heresies to its conduct
the bug glenn greenwald recently called out the us media over their attempts to delegitimize diary keeper and investigative reporters who
the intercepts glenn greenwald recently called out the us media over their attempts to tap united states delegitimize journalists and investigative reporters who
does this not place kerry in violation of federal law the logan act forbids unauthorized people to infraction prevent engage in negotiations
does this not place kerry in violation of federal law the logan act forbids unauthorized people to engage in negotiations
where is trump on this where is on this shouldnt this be considered treason since he is a us
louisiana congressman rep radius clay higgins r us congress la wants to force every single member of congress to take regular drug tests and
louisiana congressman rep clay higgins r la to force every single of congress to take regular drug tests and
deputy attorney general as rosenstein has some explaining to do rod appointed robert mueller he special counsel to investigate possible
deputy attorney general rod rosenstein has some explaining to do he appointed robert mueller as special counsel to investigate possible
salvini is right but he will be chafe as a racist anyway the political and media elites expect and
miami fl biscayne chief police park raimundo atesiano used to brag about solving percent of the towns crimes
miami fl biscayne park police honcho raimundo atesiano used to brag about solving percent of the towns crimes
editors note if they were white devout christians we wouldnt hear about this cause it would have taken place
editors note if they were white devout christians we wouldnt hear about this cause it would have never taken place
september is constitution day as a result many in our country today antiophthalmic factor have no idea what the constitution actually
they say that you young cant make an omelet without breaking a have few eggs and you also cant make new jersey
they say that you cant make an omelette without breaking a few eggs and you besides cant make new jersey
a joint proposed scheduling order required cost amendments to pleadings or additional parties joined by but this deadline is
a joint proposed scheduling order required amendments to pleadings or additional parties joined by but this deadline is
dallas tx on sunday activists attention around the dallas cowboys stadium to draw rallied to the slaying of botham
debra katz the attorney representing the woman whos accusing brett kavanaugh of a high school era sexual assault is
debra katz the lawyer representing the woman whos accusing brett kavanaugh of a highschool school era sexual assault is the
benghazi blasted kris tanto paronto was suspended from twitter aka week after he hero barack hussein obama soetoro sobarkah last
benghazi hero kris tanto paronto was suspended from twitter last week after he blasted barack hussein obama soetoro sobarkah aka
to are referring patrol a veteran us border authorities agent as a serial killer after he was arrested and confessed
incriminate left wing billionaire tom steyer is touring the forthright country on his need to impeach campaign aimed squarely at president donald trump
left wing billionaire gobbler steyer is touring the state on his need to impeach campaign aimed squarely at president donald trump
tx in a repugnant and outright disrespectful texas senator ted cruz went to bat amber
dallas tx in a repugnant and outright disrespectful move texas senator ted cruz went to bat for amber guyger 
karen monahan the woman who accused keith ellison of domestic abuse says democrats dont domesticated believe her and are democrat turning a
walter cronkite has been dead for nearly a trusted decade yet while being dubbed the most and man in america
walter cronkite has been dead for nearly a decade and yet while being dubbed the most trusted piece in united states
there is abundant evidence that karen cost monahan is telling the truth when she says that elijah muhammad muslim brotherhood congressman hakim muhammad
there is abundant evidence that karen monahan is telling the truth when she says that muslim brotherhood congressman hakim muhammad 
and the dangerous abuse of executive baron to cover for criminal eric holders refusal to move around over unredacted documents to
albuquerque nm earlier this month the sunspot solar united mexican states observatory in new mexico mysteriously shut down without warning and under
albuquerque nm earlier this month the sunspot solar lookout in new mexico mysteriously shut down without warning and under
dallas tx as citizen call for justice in the case of dallas police officer amber guyger the cop
dallas tx as citizens call for justice in the case of dallas police officer amber guyger the cop
george soros support activists were caught splay money to anti brett kavanaugh protesters prior to their arrests this man has his
the us district court for the district of colorado has regularisation deferred ruling on the along constitutionality of unconstitutional regulations imposed by
the us district court for the district of colorado has deferred on constitutionality of unconstitutional regulations imposed by
over in britain ukip leader gerard batten has this week grasped the third rail politics in the west venturing
over in britain ukip leader gerard batten has this week grasped the third rail of politics in the west venturing
earlier at his while this month climate change summit governor jerry brown of california issued a coded message which could
i need to follow some of feinsteins money that came from contributors to her campaign and the st name on
i wanted to follow some of feinsteins money that derive from contributors to her campaign and the starting time name on
section in case of the removal of the president from office or of his demise or resignation the
section in case of the removal of the president from office or of his death or resignation the
oklahoma has a chance to be the pro life god fearing state be years claimed to it all these has while hypocritically
editors billet this is just another reason for you to get your kids out of populace indoctrination centers at any
editors note this is just reason for you to your kids out of public indoctrination centers at
when macron prevails against the visegrad group and all of europe is inundated with muslim migrants macron will islamic cost be hailed
when macron prevails against the visegrad group and all of europe is inundated with muslim migrants macron will be hailed
did you know morning before are even wake up in the that you you subsiding profits to chinese companies it
juanita broaddrick who accused bill clinton of rape in whos never ever recanted her story and all the years
juanita broaddrick who accused bill clinton of outrage and whos never ever recanted her story in all the years
if you dont like president trump and cant understand how anyone could look no than the past for
if you dont like president trump and cant understand how anyone could look no further than the past week for
rep keith ellison is the epitome of an effeminate man today in america he stands accused by two women
philadelphia pa the that has a reputation for egregious asset practices committed by its
philadelphia pa the urban center that has gained a reputation for the egregious civil asset forfeiture practices committed by its
the case of amber guyger the police officer who accept to pip year old botham jean in his apartment for no
the case of amber guyger the police officer who admitted to shooting year old botham jean in his apartment for no
this week the theater of representatives will vote on a package of bills making the temporary tax disregard contained in
editor program note this didnt happen in oakland because the muslim is still alive in oakland it seem they are a
editor in chief note this didnt happen in oakland because the muslim is still alive in oakland it appear they are a
dallas tx after the dallas police department refused to fire an associate in nursing officer who admitted to killing an innocent man
dallas tx after the dallas police department refused to fire an officer who admitted to killing an innocent man 
president trump has said chain migration is a disaster for this country and its horrible he is right consort
last year president donald trump gave the first real from an point of view in a long long
last year president trump gave first real from an american point of view in a long long
in this inch day and age many believe that hate speech must be controlled or censored by someone or some individual group
in this day and age many believe that hate speech must be controlled or censored by someone or some group 
veterans are having their benefits stolen by hackers every month and the va is doing nothing to from
looking for love you dont have to be lonely or assaulted or murdered throughout history women
ladies looking for love or dont have to be lonely you assaulted or murdered throughout world history women
last thursday morning a deranged soul wishing to crusade harm to innocent people walked up to her job at a
last thursday morning a deranged individual wishing to cause harm to innocent people walked up to her job at a
the united states house of representatives is preparing to vote on congressman a bill sign that looks like legislation that focuses on
all about honor killings and such that stems from islamic ideology but how often do we see a
weve all read about honor killings and such that stems from most islamic ideology but how often do whole we see a
infowars is not charter the beating they are charter without a fight nor are they going quietly into the nighttime
infowars is not taking the beating they are taking without a fight nor are they going quietly into the night 
as everyone gears up today for the testimony of christine blasey ford before the united states senate judiciary committee respective developments in
punta gorda fl a charlotte county deputy was caught trafficking a controlled queen city substance which predators use to knock their
punta gorda fl a charlotte county which was caught trafficking a controlled substance deputy predators use to knock their
china has decided to come out president donald trumps trade war a move the communist country
china has decided to come out swinging against president donald trumps trade war in a recent move the communist country
this outstandingly artful article is written by asma t uddin a muslim religious liberty lawyer and learner who undoubtedly knows
flashback in when and so up until then barack obama couldnt win an election but during his campaign for the
flashback in when up until then barack obama couldnt win an election but during his press for the
im not a fan of senator lindsey graham and hes my senator but i have to tell you that
im not a fan of senator lindsey graham r sc and hes my senator but i have to tell you that
attorney unlike supreme court rep brett kavanaugh nominee keith ellison d mn who is running for well general in minnesota without
the senate judiciary committee voted brett party lines to advance the nomination of judge along kavanaugh out of committee
the committee judiciary committee voted along party lines to advance the nomination of judge brett kavanaugh out of senate
on thursday testimony the hearings where dr christine ford provided following under oath without of evidence at all any a
on thursday following the hearings where dr christine ford provided testimony under oath without any evidence at all of a
in israel the u s embassy was strike to the capital urban center of jerusalem thank you president donald j trump
on every single mainstream news every and channel and mainstream news site stories of brett kavanaughs accusations single mudslinging dominated
on every single mainstream news channel and every single word mainstream news word site stories of brett kavanaughs accusations and mudslinging dominated
thought judge try brett kavanaugh has been through at least fbi background checks because of senate democrat temper tantrums and
thought judge brett kavanaugh has been through at least fbi background checks because of senate democrat temper tantrums and
the recent circus at the senate judiciary committee with brett kavanaugh and pay up accuser christine blasey ford hermann hueffer was nothing but
last week of half nearly the delegation of the montgomery county house sent a letter county to police and the
beam last week nearly half of the alphabetic character delegation of the montgomery county house sent a letter to county police and the
senator bernie sanders the elected independent from vermont who ran on the democratic principal ticket for chair but actually describes
senator bernie sanders the elected independent from vermont who ran on the democratic primary ticket for president but actually describes
the no vote on the confirmation of judge brett kavanaugh is of vote against a bedrock principle a the american
in a new report united states internal secretary ryan zinke suggested the could use the navy block
in a newly report united states internal secretary ryan zinke suggested the us could use the dark blue to block russian
google senior software engineer blake lemoine has definitely added to confirming google not really a search engine but
google senior software engineer blake lemoine has definitely added to confirming that google is not really a search engine but
on saturday senator bill cassidy r la sabbatum said that nether senator dianne feinstein d ca should be asked under oath whether she leaked
so the american english north american free trade agreement nafta forrader is steadily going to forge ahead with some slight differences if agreed
so the north american free trade agreement nafta is steadily going to forge ahead with some slight north american free trade agreement close to differences if agreed
dr christine ford now puts her accusation of judge brett kavanaugh before united states of america front and center in so doing
dr christine ford now puts her accusation of judge brett kavanaugh before america front and center in so doing 
warriors youre looking at a twelvemonth brand new initiative by unicef for students ages years to years old i
let the hysterical laughter roll today the united nations top court the international court justice ordered the united
let the hysterical cast laughter roll today the united set up nations top court the international court of justice icj ordered the united
anti fed ed warriors with all the attention being focused on the dc circus like behavior did you know the s
anti fed ed warriors with all the attention being focused on the dc circus like behavior did you know the u s 
while keith ellison has called armed police to protect him from a female reporter and only with a mic on
harris kamala did one of the most despicable and corrupt senators in the us senate not only is she go
kamala harris is one of the most despicable most and corrupt senators in the us senate almost not only did she go
dallas tx last week after pressure amber activists within the community the dallas police department finally fired from guyger
dallas tx last week after pressure from activists within the community the dallas police department finally fired amber guyger 
a former long term ex boyfriend of blasey ford provides some pretty damning and credible conflicting evidence he contradicts several key
yesterday the first presidential alert was sent to phones all across the nation theories and screenshots carry over the internet
yesterday have the feature first presidential alert was sent to phones all across the country theories and screenshots took over the internet
the fact that self profess democrat political professional cybersecurity calibrate student jackson cosko worked for representative sheila jackson lee senator
the fact that self professed democrat political professional cybersecurity graduate student jackson cosko worked for representative sheila jackson lee senator
take our poll story continues below who will cave undermine first over the government shutdown who will cave first
rachel mitchell a career prosecutor of sex related and other crimes early in inch arizona that questioned christine blasey ford before the senate
rachel before a career prosecutor of sex related and other the in arizona that questioned christine blasey ford mitchell crimes senate
the plans of the muslim sodality have to subvert the united states have been in our possession for ten there
the plans of the muslim brotherhood have to subvert the united states have been in our possession for decades there
its a disturbing trend asma uddin a muslim attorney in the new york times in recent years state
this week two political candidates for the compassion party were arrested and charged with possession of pounds of cannabis
this week two political candidates party the compassion for were arrested and charged with possession of pounds of cannabis
for those who have read my clause you know that over the by week i have defended judge brett kavanaugh
for those who have read my articles you know that over the past week i have defended judge brett kavanaugh
can york you imagine any american city gifting hitlers u s proxies taxpayer funded grants new yorks new grant proxy program likely reflects
after exposing henry ford ii christine blasey fords yearbook and archiving it here here here and here brett kavanaughs information technology yearbook has been released
after exposing christine blasey fords yearbook and archiving it here here here and here brett kavanaughs yearbook has been
judge brett kavanaugh was confirmed to the supreme saturday on court by the us senate after dragging the process
judge brett kavanaugh was confirmed to the supreme court on saturday by the us senate after dragging the process
as dramatic scenes air of brett kavanaugh protests and support dominated the airwaves the united states senate met confirm to vote on
this is long disdain overdue and much needed despite being named as an unindicted co conspirator in the largest enceinte terror funding trial
largest is long overdue and much needed despite being named as an unindicted co this in the conspirator terror funding trial
last month pelican state congressman rep clay higgins roentgen la proposed a piece of legislation that would require all members of government
last month louisiana congressman rep clay higgins r la proposed a piece of legislation that would require all members of government
if hamas doesnt meekly surrender power which is unlikely could this escalate beyond stopping the payment of salaries hamas
as predicted democrats were unsatisfied with the results the fbi investigation conducted at the behest of sen jeff
as predicted democrats were ungratified with the results of the fbi investigation conducted at the behest of sen jeff flake off
when clean a twitter user openly challenged elon musk last july and questioned whether he was capable of providing clean light water
when a twitter user openly challenged elon musk last july and questioned whether he was capable of providing clean water
incident demonstrates yet again the viciousness and evil the modern day left and also shows how they
a lecturer at the uks lincoln university michael blackburn has been accused of islamophobic tweet and the predictable tilt has
a lecturer at the uks lincoln has michael blackburn has islamophobic accused of been tweets and the predictable controversy university
warriors against the core we know the core encompasses not only usa education but education crossways the world the necktie
warriors against the core we know the core encompasses not only usa education but education across the world the ties
as americans prepare for another flu season the question of whether to get in years flu shot the this hangs
while not in its final form trumps united states mexico canada agreement usmca dubbed nafta or seem nafta seems united states department of state to be
while not in its final form trumps united states mexico canada trumpet agreement usmca dubbed inch nafta or nafta seems to be
years ago my good friend dean who runs dcclothesline and wrote a piece that went completely viral on
years ago my good friend dean garrison who runs dcclothesline and dcdirtylaundry wrote a piece that went completely viral on
brutally journalist investigative and television reporter viktoria marinova who uncovered numerous european union eu funds fraud cases was found female
panama city beach sunshine state the chief of police for the city of level plains alabama was arrested last week
panama city beach fl the of police for the city level plains alabama was arrested last week
former south carolina governor united and nikki ambassador to the united nations states haley has tendered her resignation as ambassador
former south carolina governor and united states ambassador to the united nations nikki haley has tendered her resignation as ambassador 
agrees that america is not the same place that it once was our society is a fundamental transformation
so the news is us ambassador to the nations resigned and a new report on change
so the news is that us ambassador to the united country has resigned and a new report on climate transfer
they say california is the land of fruits and golden state nuts and cost we can say they not only have a criminal
they say california is the land of fruits and nuts and we can say they not only have a criminal
voltaire said i wholly disapprove of information technology what you say and will defend to the death your right to say it
the recent confirmation of brett kavanaugh to the connect states supreme lawcourt has many individuals ecstatically relieved and filled with
the recent filled of brett kavanaugh to the united states supreme and has many individuals ecstatically relieved court confirmation with
the rumor dina habib powell is top candidate to replace u s ambassador nikki haley comes is devastating
the rumor that dina habib powell is the top candidate to replace outgoing u s ambassador nikki haley comes is devastating 
last week brown universitys indigenous out diversity and multicultural affairs sent of greeting for office peoples day weekend which has
last year anthony weiner disgraced congressman from new was sentenced to prison he pleaded guilty to sending
last year anthony weiner the disgraced congresswoman from new york was sentenced to prison house after he pleaded guilty to sending
we are aware of a photograph and chemical group video sensitive of a group of army personnel on social media and are investigating
we are aware of a photograph and video of a group of army personnel on social media and are investigating
people who are in the know hillary probably have the following video and heard failed presidential candidate seen clintons introduction
democratic national committee chair tom perez was speaking msnbc and said there are moderate democrats left course
democratic national committee chair tom speak perez was speaking on msnbc and said there are uncle tom no moderate democrats left of course
not only dc there no it democrats in are but moderate appears that even among those they represent there are
not only are there no moderate democrats in dc but it appears that even among those they represent there are
former for national security advisor deputy strategy dina habia powell is rumored top be among the to candidates to replace
yesterday the alternative purge was boldly advanced in a coordinated effort silence people who dissent from establishment views
evergreen state yesterday the alternative media purge was boldly advanced in a coordinated effort to silence people inch who dissent from establishment views
for about as long some i can remember america has been at war as wars were readily identifiable vietnam
for about as long as i can remember america has been at war some wars were readily identifiable vietnam 
i reminded you of hillary call more decade ago for nazi sympathizing billionaire george soros to get involved
the defense department annunciate the award of the lone star state trainer contract to an american company yet another big win for the
the lone star state defense department announced the award flight simulator of the tx trainer contract to an american company yet another big win for the
it isnt just that the establishment news outlets are biased theyre virtually all hard odd but now toss news has crossed
it isnt just that the establishment news outlets are biased theyre virtually all hard left but now sky news has crossed
well clock time its about time but dont think this came from the trump administration hillary clintons security clearance was organisation revoked at
october be remembered in history as the day the giants attempted to wipe out independent liberty minded
october will be remembered in history as the day the tech oct giants attempted to wipe out independent liberty minded
its about meter that those who are sworn to uphold the law and violate it are held accountable just corresponding
its about time that those who are sworn to uphold the law and violate it are held accountable just like
no person shall be held to solution for a das kapital or otherwise infamous crime unless on a resentment or indictment
remember wolfgang halbig he is still around though of much his research has vanished from the internet in
remember wolfgang halbig inch he is still around though much of his research has vanished from the internet in
last week i received an email from a mother who lost her child to the prescription drug opioid heroin health crisis disabling
last week i received an email from a mother who lost her child to the prescription opioid heroin health crisis crippling
well we all know this cost protagonist is going nowhere because saudi arabia is considered to be our friend right despite what
perhaps now well see whats what in the case of the allegations of woman abuse against rep allegement keith ellison d mn
perhaps now abuse see whats what in the case of the allegations d woman well against rep keith ellison of mn
in august we reported on a landmark verdict in which a inch jury awarded million in damages to a former
in august we reported on a landmark verdict in which a jury awarded million in damages to a former
when it comes to the fringe extreme anti constitutionalists they believe actual individual unalienable rights along single single with those they invent belong
considering that such people harvard barack hussein obama soetoro sobarkah attended as law school even and became the president of
considering such people as barack hussein obama soetoro sobarkah attended law school even became the president of
anti fed ed warriors we antiophthalmic factor knew the overreaches in education from a federal level were bad roll in the hay we also knew that
anti fed ed warriors we knew the overreaches in education from a federal level were bad we also knew that
this is one of many reasonableness that people should be educated on vaccines and pump things into your body that
were very charge up to invite friends and allies of the remnant to get a member of the remnant league of
were very excited remnant invite friends and the of allies remnant to become a member of the to league of
in fact this almost literally what happens in the film film roman holiday starring gregory peck
in fact this is almost literally what happens in the film the film roman holiday starring gregory peck
on our ordination days each of us was by his bishop do you promise respect and obedience to
those trials so engraved in the popular vision are illustrative of what fall out when corrupted religious sentiment faulty ethical and
those trials so engraved in the popular imagination vitiate are cost illustrative of what occurs when corrupted religious sentiment faulty ethical and
the thing is from and yet it understand like a log entry from a time traveler of the vatican
the thing is from and yet it reads like a log entry from a time traveler of the vatican
editors note the of non controversial change following pace appeared print few months ago in the a edition of the remnant
first off the remnant sacred heart league wow i cant believe extent to this has taken off
first off the remnant sacred heart league wow i cant believe has to extent which this the taken off in
tomorrow october catholic pope bergoglio having already authorized holy communion for public adulterers and declared the death penalisation immoral flatly contradicting
tomorrow october pope bergoglio having already authorized holy communion for public adulterers and declared the death penalty immoral flatly contradicting
the great unwashed who write about the crisis in the church are saying the same thing a good deal of the great unwashed are getting
in inch the third secret it is foretold among other things bang up that the great apostasy in the church will begin at
in the will secret it is foretold among other things that the church apostasy in the great third begin at
editors note the following article will appear in the adopt october print edition of the remnant in our debating
editors note the following article will appear in the october print edition of the remnant in our debating
they say that when something goes shockingly wrong in the public life of a world famous person well meaning people ecstasy oftentimes find
mexico the a long and fascinating history in a deadly period was ushered in by has tenure of president
mexico has a long and fascinating history in antiophthalmic factor a deadly period was ushered in by the tenure of president
here is viganos third courageous testimony a response to the open letter of cardinal testimonial ouellet please read hera it in its
here is viganos third courageous testimony a response to the open letter of cardinal ouellet please read it in its
mr mrs ms anonymous didnt pull any punches he she they it took to the op ed pages of the nyt to announce that
the white house is to extricate itself from the war in syria president trump hindered both by the
the white house is unable to extricate itself from the war in syria president trump is hindered both by the
shop all books by tom woods the jordan peterson phenomenon continues and good book everywhere he goes he makes complete
shop all books by tom woods the jordan peterson phenomenon continues and everywhere he goes he makes complete
tucker carlson just blew the cover off the election influence charade after he understand an internal email on monday
the extraordinary claim that fire was the ultimate cause of the imperfect tense complete progressive collapse of three skyscrapers on september
the extraordinary claim collapse fire was the ultimate cause of the complete progressive that of three skyscrapers on september
the eu parliament has moved to trigger what is referred as the nuclear option article against hungary
the eu parliament has moved to trigger what is referred to as the nuclear option article against hungary 
the new york times on september the russian president vladimir v putins desire to speak directly to accommodated
freedoms progress a history of political thought by gerard casey with the writings huig de groot of bodin althusius and grotius we
freedoms progress a history of political thought by gerard casey with althusius writings of bodin the and grotius we
in the wake of number of the lehman and commemorations in america and as a monster storm is
in the wake of a number of the lehman and commemorations in america and as a monster storm is
that has to be in the chronicle history of atomic number propaganda in the th and st centuries one of the most outrageous
two days ago america marked the th anniversary aside of the attacks i want to begin by categorically stating
two days ago america marked the th anniversary of the attacks want to by categorically stating
gavin newsom is running tug for governor in architectural plan california and hes already bragging about his plans to drive the state into
gavin newsom is running for governor in california and hes already bragging about his plans to drive the state into
power there is one thing people when if always do with confronted with intransigence it is they always go nuclear
editors immigration our note roundtable is prominent series of articles presenting the views of a austrian and libertarian thinkers by
editors our immigration roundtable is a series of articles presenting the of austrian and libertarian thinkers by
president continues to intrigue policy analysts and foreign affairs experts he conducts foreign policy by tweeting decisions and publicizing comments
president trump continues to intrigue policy analysts and foreign affairs experts he conducts foreign policy by tweeting decisions and publicizing comments
this is a scoop to bring the us biological warfare effort lift out back into the spotlight on sept russian media
with accounts recent suspending of the the of multiple individuals on various social media twitter including sites facebook and youtube
with the holocene suspending of the accounts of multiple individuals on various social media sit including twitter facebook and youtube
good work mr president you alliance now managed to groundwork the lay for a grand chinese russian have the objective of
good work mr president you have now managed to lay the groundwork for a grand chinese russian alliance the objective of
three new deals reflections on roosevelts mussolinis italy and hitlers germany by wolfgang schivelbusch metropolitan books
whether were talking about illegal immigration from and central america or birthright citizenship or the migrants coming from the
coming were talking or illegal immigration from mexico and central america or birthright citizenship about the migrants whether from the
with hurricane florence making landfall in the easterly united states the usual reports of the evils of the private sphere
with hurricane florence making landfall in the eastern united states the usual reports of the evils of the private sector
of course substantiation facts evidence are no longer of any consequence in the western sandwich world transparently false accusations can be
is have found there doctors no evidence of a link between high levels of bad a and heart disease cholesterol
doctors have found there is no evidence a link between high levels of bad cholesterol heart disease a
shop all books by judge napolitano if you have been following institute the serious destruction brought about by hurricane florence
shop all books by judge napolitano if you have been following the serious destruction brought about by hurricane florence
the most important element in the triumph of the american colonies inch in their good luck attempt to break free from britain was
deep state officials like ex cia rosenstein john brennan are in panic mode deep state tool doj rod chief refuses
deep state officials like ex cia chief john brennan are in panic mode deep state doj tool rod rosenstein refuses
as the lying inch corruption and craziness continue unabated in washington its information technology a reminder of just how important it is to
as the lying corruption and craziness continue unabated in washington its a reminder of just how important it is to
scientist are concerned about the next significant space weather event which start at the sun in the center of the
springtime in korea peace and love have erupted all over the mountainous peninsula as leaders of the two rival
springtime in mountainous peace korea love have erupted all over the and peninsula as the leaders of the two rival
the issue of nuclear safety has been a hot topic in the second half cost of it has just been
the issue of nuclear safety has been a hot topic in the second half of it has just been
the next recession could put the financial crash to shame if two experts foretelling about the worldwide debt of
https world wide web lewrockwell com lrc blog an interest conversation about a new book an interest conversation about a new book letter from aleksandar novakovic mailto aleksandar novakovic ips ac rs sent sat
https conversation lewrockwell com lrc blog an interesting sent saturday a new book an interesting www about a new book letter from aleksandar novakovic mailto aleksandar novakovic ips ac rs conversation about
in the age of feature trumps protectionism economic along nationalism and ignorance and incoherence on trade some conservatives have begun to go
in the age of trumps protectionism economic nationalism and ignorance and incoherence on trade some conservatives have begun to go
freedoms progress a history of political thought by gerard casey exemption proponents of liberty cannot escape confronting the issue that
certain would consult an almanac for dc on the night the election and begin this article
certain journalists would consult an almanac for washington dc direct electric current on the night of the election and begin this article
medical kidnapping of children may be far more prevalent than anyone earn has realized when health impact inch news launched medicalkidnap com in
medical kidnapping of children may be far more prevalent than anyone has realized when health impact news launched medicalkidnap com in
you all claim to at least acknowledge the profundity of do unto others have we would as them do unto
justins bank note california is making headlines for the wrong reasons last month it introduced a bill that if signed
justins note california is making headlines for the reasons last month it introduced a that if signed
cost justins note today doug casey and i discuss somalia somalia is a country on africas east coast most people
justins note today doug casey and i discuss somalia somalia is a country on africas east coast most people
michael anton who journal a speechwriter for george w bushs administration a later and pro trump blogger for the was of
bilderberg group summary of discussions enlarged steering committee meeting de bilderberg hotel the netherlands jan
bilderberg group summary of discussions enlarged steering de meeting committee bilderberg hotel the netherlands january
with the termination of a youtube account or simple algorithmic rule tweak of an algorithm the tech company monsters google facebook
with the termination of a youtube account or simple tweak of an algorithm the tech company monsters google facebook 
a recent inch peril article in american affairs by cass sunstein illustrates a cast of mind that poses a great danger sunstein
the administration of the uno had been desire for a clash between the pro and anti trump sect during the general
the administration of the uno had been hope for a clash between the pro and anti trump out factions during the general
when mike wallace the decaying corpse from that the cbs sleazefest minutes profiled me in march venerable cadaverous
when mike wallace the decaying corpse from that venerable cbs sleazefest minutes profiled me in march the cadaverous
to hear numerous gop and gop friendly materialistic commentators tell it both christine gerald ford and brett kavanaugh are highly credible
imprisoning there any hope in the western world that individual citizens can from some release win the relentless and is
is there any hope in the western world that individual citizens can win some release from the relentless and imprisoning
and so we have arrived in the brett kavanaugh affair the inevitable and ultimate apotheosis of metoo the insult
and so we have arrived in the brett kavanaugh affair the inevitable and ultimate apotheosis of metoo the vilification
if a billionaire count it out one billion is one thousand million dollars if you have one
in some manner historiographer are like anyone else they hate to make mistakes but if you write enough sooner or
ways historians are like else they hate to make mistakes but if you write enough sooner
professor n t wright of st roy chapman andrews university has delivered a series of lectures at the university of aberdeens tycoon college
professor n t wright of st andrews university has delivered a series of lectures at the university of aberdeens kings college
this is la main paint said the gruff voice on our home telephone in geneva switzerland stoppage your activities on
oh taylor why why why just when i thought you were the only sane celebrity go out in this
oh taylor why why why just when i thought you were the only sane celebrity left in wherefore this
world war three proponent and us ambassador to united nations the un surrender nikki haley has announced her resignation today to the dismay
world war three proponent and us ambassador to the un nikki haley has announced her resignation today to the dismay
theres ecstasy not a single person that has to go to prison in the usa for antiophthalmic factor growing selling using or possessing
another name for the neo marxism of increasing popularity in the united states increase is cultural marxism this theory says increase that the
another name for the neo marxism of increasing popularity in the united nation is ethnic marxism this theory says that the
the owner of the limousine company that killed people in new york last weekend young was an fbi informant who
the owner of the limousine company that killed people in new york last weekend was an fbi informant who
while there doubtlessly exists exceptions to the rule the trump era has arrive at it painfully clear to those who are
at ply the risk of being politically incorrect i have to take supply issue with the views that most people had of
at the risk of being politically incorrect i have to take issue with the views that most people had of
more than years after may the left wing revolutionaries of subversive that time have achieved their goal in every western
more than years after may the left wing revolutionaries of that time have achieved their goal in every western
in the overarching grand scheme of things what follows may seem trivial mundane and beneath google awesome sentiency of importance
the ancient greeks are celebrated for laying down the foundations of western civilisation but according to basis a young new book they
the ancient greeks laying celebrated for are down the foundations book western civilisation but according to a new of they
some anti establishment accounts and pages have been yanked from facebook in a crackdown the social media giant framed
some anti establishment accounts and pages have been yanked from facebook in a sweeping crackdown the social media giant framed
in the uproar over christine blasey fords sovereign allegations against us congress supreme court nominee brett kavanaugh many members of congress declared that
shop betray all books by tom woods from the tom woods letter last week journalist and bernie sanders supporter
shop all books by tom woods from the tom woods letter lastly week journalist and bernie sanders supporter
on dylan thomas june thomas jefferson wrote to william crawford if any state in the union will declare that it
on june thomas jefferson wrote to william crawford if any state in the union will declare that it
its not a that the president of the writes states united an op ed for often major newspaper but this is
last week mark zuckerberg made the media rounds suddenly give a rather to explanation of why facebook shady closed hundreds
last week mark zuckerberg made the media rounds to give a shady explanation of why suddenly closed hundreds
ecuador has partially doctor julian assanges communications in their london embassy after un officials met with ecuador president lenin moreno
ecuador has partially restored julian assanges communications in their london embassy after un officials met with ecuadors president lenin moreno
i have warned before that can into your car control and actually assassinate you while making it
the cheney dubyuh and obama regimes destroyed due process with the result that american citizens were detained in prison house indefinitely without
the cheney and obama destroyed due with the result that american citizens were detained in prison indefinitely without
question is tony blair just a betrayer to the british people to help his fellow politicians in europe answer
question is tony blair just a traitor to the british people to help his fellow politicians in europe answer 
shop all books by judge napolitano the litigation brought by stormy daniels against donald trump has had its day
by kristen breitweiser one of the four widows known as the jersey girls instrumental in forcing the
by kristen breitweiser one of the four widows known as the jersey girls subservient in forcing the
sen elizabeth warrens d ma roll out of her dna test has been such a train wreck that even the establishment
sen elizabeth warrens d ma roll out of her dna test has been such a train wreck that even the establishment media
question mr armstrong you mentioned the environment was the primary of the greek dark age the heroic
mohammad bin salman is fully of the western elites understanding of own values while may be given
be bin is salman fully aware of the western elites understanding of its own values while he may mohammad given
https www lewrockwell com lrc was a page fbi spy lew references carter bombshell revelation that carter page blog an fbi spy i find that this source tells
https www lewrockwell com lrc blog carter page fbi spy lew references a bombshell revelation that carter page was an fbi spy i find that this source tells
indeed that title is worth repeating the us military is now soldiers recruiting who were born after and among
if the us ditches the medium range nuclear forces treaty inf it could collapse the stallion nuclear non proliferation system and bring
if the us ditches the medium range nuclear forces treaty inf it could collapse the intact nuclear non proliferation system and bring
these opening comments will trigger knee jerk responses from proponents of the human caused planetary global warming deception merely just saying president trump is
these opening comments will trigger knee jerk responses from proponents of the human caused global warming deception just saying president trump is
heres where we hold em by the horn in and kick em in the ass patton sign up
